Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4683 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 2016 No. 105 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, July 1, 2016, at 9 a.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , JUNE29, 2016 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God, our deliverer, as the tragedy in Turkey reminds us of the dangerous, discordant, and demonic forces in our world, we look to You, our light and salvation. Show us how to please You as we remember that righteousness ex-alts a nation, and sin destroys. May our lawmakers make obedience to You the bottom line in their labors. Teach them to know and comply with Your commands as they never forget that obedience brings blessings. Lord, give them the wisdom to make an abso-lute commitment to honor You above all else. Provide them with the strength to defeat temptation as they remember that You provide a way of escape from every test. Equip them for whatever task and challenges they must tackle. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TERROR ATTACK IN ISTANBUL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday our NATO ally Turkey suffered a devastating terror attack at Istanbul’s main airport that quickly brought to mind ISIL’s attack in Brus-sels earlier this year. We do not know yet if this attack was launched by ISIL or the PKK, but we do know that our intelligence com-munity will do all it can to help the Turks combat terrorism and defeat this threat. As CIA Director John Brennan reminded us all earlier this month, ‘‘[D]espite all of our progress against ISIL on the battlefield and in the financial realm, our efforts have not reduced the group’s terrorism capa-bility and its global reach.’’ In recent days Turkey has taken dip-lomatic steps to improve bilateral rela-tions with Russia and Israel, and now the United States must extend its hand to our NATO partners and assure them that we will stand with them in the face of this attack and work together to defeat ISIL. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS AND VA–MILCON FUNDING BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let me read some headlines. ‘‘Senate Democrats block Zika agree-ment ahead of recess.’’ ‘‘Senate Dems block House Zika funding.’’ That last article goes on to say: ‘‘Senate Democrats . . . blocked a crit-ical funding measure needed to combat the spreading Zika virus, a move that will now make it impossible for Con-gress to send legislation to President Obama before July 4.’’ Our Democratic friends are working hard to spin this, but families don’t want excuses, they want action. Yes-terday, Senate Democrats listened to the demands of a partisan special inter-est group and turned their backs on women’s health and fighting Zika. First, they demanded congressional ac-tion on Zika. Then, in the midst of mosquito season, Democrats chose par-tisan politics over $1.1 billion in crit-ical funds to protect pregnant women and babies from Zika—after the Demo-crats voted for the same $1.1 billion funding level just last month. Yesterday, Senate Democrats lis-tened to the demands of a partisan spe-cial interest group and turned their backs on supporting our veterans. First, they demanded more funding for veterans. Then, just before the Fourth of July, Democrats chose partisan poli-tics over significantly increasing re-sources for veterans’ health care. In the coming days, Democrats will hear from constituents back home who want to know what they are doing to keep them safe from the threat of Zika and what they are doing to support our veterans. Democrats will have to ex-plain why they chose not to do their job and instead blocked funding for the Zika crisis and for our Nation’s heroes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.000 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4684 June 29, 2016 
I have moved to reconsider the legis-lation, and we will give everybody on the other side a chance to think about that during the Fourth of July. We will get back to that when we get back. 
f 
PUERTO RICO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico is in cri-sis. It owes billions of dollars in debt, and without prompt congressional ac-tion, it could be forced to leave resi-dents without essential services such as hospitals and public safety re-sources. If we don’t act before the is-land misses a critical debt payment deadline this Friday, matters will only get a lot worse—for Puerto Rico and for taxpayers. President Obama’s Treasury Secretary warns that Puerto Rico could be forced to ‘‘lay off police officers, shut down public transit, and close medical facilities.’’ This could very well result in a taxpayer-funded bailout. Today, however, we have an oppor-tunity to help Puerto Rico in the face of this crisis and prevent a taxpayer bailout by passing the responsible bi-partisan bill before us. This bill will not cost taxpayers a dime—not a dime. What it will do is help Puerto Rico re-structure its financial obligations and provide much needed oversight to put in place needed reforms. It achieves this with an audit of the island’s fi-nances and the establishment of what the Washington Post has called ‘‘an impartial panel of experts’’ to bring desperately needed transparency and reform to Puerto Rico’s fiscal oper-ations. Puerto Rico currently spends over a third of its budget on debt payments alone. By restructuring Puerto Rico’s financial debt and helping reform its operations, this bill will allow the ter-ritory to invest more of its resources in growing the economy and creating more opportunities for its residents. Obviously, the bill isn’t perfect, but here is why we should support it: It will not cost taxpayers a dime, it pre-vents a bailout, and it offers Puerto Rico the best chance to return to fi-nancial stability and economic growth over the long term, so we can help pre-vent another financial crisis like this in the future. In short, it is ‘‘just the first step,’’ as the Governor of Puerto Rico said, ‘‘in what will be . . . [a] long road to recovery’’ for the island. But it is the most responsible, taxpayer- friendly step we can take right now. So let me remind my colleagues that Puerto Rico faces a critical deadline this Friday, 2 days from today. This is the best and possibly the only action we can take to help Puerto Rico. As Secretary Jack Lew put it, ‘‘[D]oing nothing now to end the debt crisis will result in a chaotic, disorderly unwinding with widespread con-sequences.’’ It is the surest route to both the taxpayer-funded bailout of Puerto Rico and a humanitarian crisis for its people. These are all things we should avoid. Doing nothing is not an option. We must act now to prevent matters from getting worse. The House already passed this bipartisan bill with the backing of nearly 300 Members. Now it is the Senate’s turn to send this to the President’s desk immediately. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
ISIS Mr. REID. Mr. President, often the Republican leader comes to the floor and complains about the battle against ISIS without ever offering a word as to what he would do that is not being done by President Obama and the rest of the allied forces. But let’s talk a lit-tle bit about the progress that has been made. Is it all done? Of course not. We are working on that every day. Since the height of the ISIS power, U.S. and coa-lition forces have captured about 50 percent of the land ISIS once held in Iraq, and they are losing land every day. ISIS has lost 20 percent of the land it held in Syria. Ramadi and Tikrit were key victories for the U.S.- backed Iraqi forces. Iraqi forces cap-tured the city of Fallujah in the last few days and are now working to put out the next pockets of resistance in that key Al Anbar Province town. As we speak, Kurdish, Iraq, and Syrian Democratic forces backed by the U.S. Special Forces are making prepara-tions to retake ISIS’s key strongholds in Mosul and Raqqa in Iraq. We have killed more than 25,000 ISIS fighters and 120 key ISIS leaders. We have cut ISIS funds by up to one-third and some say approaching 50 percent. We have drastically slowed the flow of foreign recruits from a high of about 2,000 a month in 2014 to 200 a month today. The same goes for the young Ameri-cans who have sought to travel and join ISIS abroad. A year ago, about 10 Americans a month—hard to com-prehend that, but it is true—were leav-ing to join ISIS. That is now num-bering about one a month. At home the FBI is cracking down on recruits. They are doing a good job. It is a tough job. Are they going to be able to get it all done quickly enough? We don’t know, but they are doing their best. Over the past 2 years the FBI has arrested 80 individuals on ISIS-related charges. Prosecutions have gone forward, and with rare ex-ception, they have all gone forward successfully. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS AND VA–MILCON FUNDING BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader came here yesterday and came here again this morning talking about Zika. Understand how the House of Rep-resentatives works—and stunningly, the Republicans over here accept what they do in the House. In the House of Representatives, they have what is called the Hastert rule, named after a Congressman from Illinois who was the Speaker of the House for a number of years. He created what was called the Hastert rule. What that was is, you had to deal only with legislation that had enough votes to pass it with Repub-lican votes. They didn’t want Demo-crats to be involved, and they are still that way. Even though Hastert’s in prison, they follow the Hastert rule. As a result of that, in the dead of night last week, Republicans in the House—and I mean the dead of the night. Remember the House had been taken over by the House Democrats because they were upset about what had not been done with guns. The event was interrupted for probably less than a minute, and the House was called back into session. The House passed with no discussion whatsoever the conference report deal-ing with Zika. As could only be understood by some-one understanding what the Hastert rule is, here is what they did. They had to get all the crazies over there—I am sorry to use that term. That is the term Speaker Boehner used, and the more I see of this, I think he had it pretty down pat. They did everything they could to go after all the pet projects of Republicans. They hate Planned Parenthood. They hate it, even though millions of Americans get their care there. This Zika disease causes young women to be concerned about birth control. About one out of every five women will get care at Planned Parenthood at some point in their lives. But what did Republicans do? They said: We are going to restrict funding for birth control provided by Planned Parenthood. Why would they do that? Only to get votes from those crazies over there. They exempted pesticide spraying from clean water. What we need to do with these mosquitoes—in addition to inventing vaccines and other medicines to fight this plague, we also have to kill the mosquitoes, and we do that by spraying. That works better than any-thing else. Of course, the Republicans, hating environmental laws, went after the Clean Water Act, which has been in existence for decades. Just to make sure that they covered all their bases, they whacked veterans funding by $500 million below the Sen-ate bill. Those were for processing claims of veterans. What do we hear complaints about? Processing claims. Well, they took care of that. They want to cut $500 million from Sec-retary McDonald’s budget so he cannot process claims very quickly. It cuts Ebola funding by $107 million and re-scinds $543 million from ObamaCare. Just for good measure, I guess they had to make sure they had all the southern votes. They said: What we are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.001 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4685 June 29, 2016 
do now is strike a prohibition on dis-playing the Confederate flag. So if they got their way, you could fly Confed-erate flags on any military cemetery you want. And, of course, it sets a ter-rible precedent by offsetting emer-gency spending with offsets like ObamaCare, cutting Ebola money. We did the right thing. All the press—you might find a headline some-place on some rightwing blog, but the fact is, the Republicans know they failed on funding Zika, and all the press indicates that is the case. 
f 
PUERTO RICO Mr. REID. Mr. President, today we are going to finally consider legislation addressing Puerto Rico’s economic cri-sis. For the past year and even longer, Democrats in both Houses of Congress have proposed legislation that would empower Puerto Rico to adjust a sig-nificant portion of its debt. Every time we have tried, it has been blocked by the Republicans. As the weeks and months passed without a solution, the situation in Puerto Rico has worsened, and that is an understatement. In the New York Times this morning, the editorial board stressed the impor-tance of congressional action, and I quote what they said: 
The fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico is also a humanitarian crisis. The Senate now has an opportunity—and the obligation—to address both. It is scheduled to vote on Wednesday on a bill already approved by the House that would restructure the island’s debt and could create the conditions for recovery. If the bill loses, Puerto Rico will default on Friday on a $2 billion debt payment, credi-tors will keep suing for full repayment and essential services on the island, including health, sanitation, education, electricity, public transportation and public safety, will continue to decline. 
The economic crisis is a humani-tarian disaster. Medical services have diminished. Hospitals are unable to pay their bills. Puerto Rico’s largest hos-pital has closed two of its wings and re-duced the number of beds by 25 percent and cut pay for all employees. Elec-tricity at one hospital, the Santa Rosa Hospital, was suspended for lack of payment. Can you imagine one of our hospitals having to close because the electricity bill can’t be paid? Puerto Rico’s only air ambulance company had to suspend operations. At the pedi-atric center in Puerto Rico’s primary medical center, pharmaceutical pro-viders are only going to supply chemo-therapy drugs COD, cash on delivery. How troubling is that? Children are being deprived of cancer treatment medication. The effects of Puerto Rico’s debt cri-sis reach beyond health care. Already, the Puerto Rican government has been forced to close 150 schools. Leaders an-ticipate closing a total of 500 schools in the next few years. That would be half of all public schools in Puerto Rico. Businesses have shuttered. Labor force participation is substantially below the U.S. average. Puerto Ricans on the is-land are fleeing to the mainland at an alarming rate. Even as Puerto Rico was drowning in more than $70 billion of debt and forced to take unprecedented austerity meas-ures, Republicans in Congress dithered. They continued to waffle. Finally, this spring congressional Republican lead-ers agreed to negotiate and address this economic and fiscal emergency. The legislation before us is far from perfect. Oh, is it far from perfect. What they have done to labor, minimum wage, the oversight board, environ-mental—it is bad stuff. It is far from perfect. I share my colleagues’ very deep concerns about this compromise legislation. If Republicans were serious about pro-growth measures, they should have addressed some of the disparities Puer-to Rico faces under Federal programs. They should have worked with us to fix Puerto Rico’s unequal treatment under Medicaid and Medicare or extend key refundable tax credits to the island’s government. Republicans should have extended overtime rules and the min-imum wage. I take issue with the oversight board and their excessive powers and appoint-ment structure. For all the Republican leader’s prom-ises about an open amendment process, Democrats have not been allowed to offer amendments to improve the bill. The tree is filled. How many times did we hear the Republican leader come to the floor and say: Oh, it is terrible; REIDhas filled the tree. Well, I should have waited and taken some lessons from him. We will just add that broken promise to the Republican leader’s growing list of not keeping his word, such as the budget, a full workweek, and tax credits that are so vital to re-newable energy projects. If Democrats had written this bill, it would be very different from what we are voting on today. But I am going to vote for passage of this bill because we must help Puerto Rico before July 1. Otherwise, we turn that island nation— country, I should say—all American citizens—turn them over to the hedge funds, and they will sue them to death, and that is too bad. We must do some-thing now. As the Democrats stated in a letter that every Member of our caucus sent to Senator M
CCONNELL earlier this year, Puerto Rico needs a workable debt-restructuring process. While there are many things we may not like about this legislation, at the end of the day this legislation provides tools that allow Puerto Rico to sur-vive, to hopefully restructure a mean-ingful portion of its debt. I wish we had something better. Secretary Lew sent a letter to Sen-ator M
CCONNELL and to me a few days ago. 
[Puerto Rico’s] only hope for recovery and growth is legislation that authorizes the tools necessary for better fiscal management and a sustainable level of debt. While much work still needs to be done, this legislation meets the Treas-ury’s criteria, and it is a step in the right direction. Not acting today to provide Puerto Rico with debt relief and protection from creditors’ lawsuits will have dire consequences and worsen the crisis. Puerto Rico’s only elected represent-ative in Congress, Resident Commis-sioner P
EDRO PIERLUISI , said it best in a letter he sent to me: 
PROMESA— 
Which is a word meaning ‘‘promise’’ in Spanish, and that is the name of this bill— 
is an imperfect but indispensable bill that constitutes the only realistic means to pre-vent the collapse of Puerto Rico’s govern-ment; to protect regular citizens, pension plan participants and bondholders; to stem the tide of Puerto Rico families moving to the states; to enable the Puerto Rico govern-ment to regain access to the credit markets; and to lay the groundwork for Puerto Rico’s economy to grow. 
The Resident Commissioner is cor-rect. Mr. President, 3.5 million Amer-ican citizens who call Puerto Rico home need this relief, and they need it now. We should pass this legislation today and give Puerto Rico the relief it so desperately needs. Mr. President, would the Chair an-nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany S. 2328, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill, with McConnell amendment No. 4865, to change the enact-ment date. McConnell amendment No. 4866 (to amend-ment No. 4865) of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the House mes-sage on the bill to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 4867, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 4868 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 4867), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 4869 (to amend-ment No. 4868), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until the cloture vote will be equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.003 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4686 June 29, 2016 
Several Senators addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry: How much time do we have before the vote? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 36 minutes remaining prior to the vote. Mr. DURBIN. There is 18 minutes a side, I understand? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. DURBIN. Is that divided on posi-tion on the bill or on a partisan basis? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Between the two leaders or their designees. Mr. DURBIN. Thank you. I see the Senator from Oklahoma seeking recognition. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. I thank the Senator from Illinois. 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT  
Mr. INHOFE. First, Mr. President, I have been told I will have our time that I may use, and I appreciate that very much. This morning we heard from the ranking member—from both sides. I am going to bring up something here that everyone agrees on, and that is with the things we do in our committee—we passed our highway bill, and we passed the TSCA bill. Right now, I wish to talk about the WRDA bill that is com-ing up. I am on the floor today to express ur-gency to the often-neglected issues sur-rounding our Nation’s water resources and water infrastructure. In my nearly five decades in elected office, I have watched the impacts of Congress prioritizing and failing to prioritize our Nation’s water system. In 1986, Congress enacted the corner-stone WRDA legislation that set cost- share standards and created the harbor maintenance trust fund and the island waterways trust fund. Following this bill, it was intended for Congress to re-authorize WRDA every 2 years. ‘‘WRDA’’ means ‘‘Water Resources De-velopment Act.’’ When we talk about what happened in 1986, not many people are aware of the fact that my State of Oklahoma is actually navigable. We have an inland waterway. It was our intention at that time to have this bill every 2 years because it is just as significant as the highway bill. But then the trend came to a halt. Between 2007 and 2014, the WRDA bill— Congress went 7 years without a WRDA bill, the Water Resources Development Act. We got back on track 2 years ago. This is important because now we are getting back on track to get into the 2- year cycle. Our coastal ports are grossly behind in their deepening projects to accom-modate post-Panamax vessels. As you can see on this chart, the levees and flood walls are inadequate and well below the necessary level of protection. Our water infrastructure has become so deplorable that communities don’t have the necessary resources to provide clean, safe drinking water, as you can see on this chart. This is not a partisan problem; this is a national crisis. A lot of the things we are going to be talking about around this place—and we will see it today— are partisan. This is not. The last WRDA took on the major re-forms, and now, 2 years later, it is time for another WRDA to help clear up the logjam of Corps projects—the Corps of Engineers—and address concerns with aging infrastructure. Too often we take for granted how water resources and how water infrastructure projects af-fect our daily lives. Some will argue—unlike the highway bill—that the WRDA bill is not consid-ered a must-pass bill, that there is no shutdown of a program. However, I would argue that the WRDA bill is a must-pass bill. Without WRDA, the 27 chiefs’ reports included in the bill for port-deepening, flood protection, and ecosystem res-toration will get put back on the shelf, and their construction will be delayed even further and it will cost much more money later on to make that hap-pen. Look at the aging infrastructure, the lead pipes. We saw what happened in Michigan, and we are addressing these things, these kinds of problems. I have a letter addressed to Leader M
CCONNELL and Majority Whip C OR-
NYN, with 31 signatures from my fellow Republicans, asking Republican leader-ship to bring WRDA 2016 to the floor in the next few weeks. I know my colleague Senator G
RA-
HAM supports WRDA. He has been fighting to authorize the deepening of the Charleston Harbor for several years now, as you can see on the chart. Any further delay in this project is going to cause unwarranted economic loss to his State and the Nation as we prepare for the increased use of the post-Panamax vessels that we are all aware are on their way. The same could be said for several of my other colleagues who have a vested interest in their projects. In this bill, port-deepening projects in Florida, Alaska, Maine, and Texas would be bet-ter positioned for those States to cap-italize on increased import and export projections over the next 20 years. Flood projects in Kansas and Mis-souri would provide communities in their State the necessary assurance that homes and businesses will not be flooded by the next storm. Ecosystem restoration projects in Florida, Illinois, and Wisconsin would stimulate recreational and commercial economies otherwise left behind, as we can see here. That is Florida on our chart. Senators V
ITTER and C ASSIDY also support the passage of WRDA. Their State has experienced more cata-strophic disaster from storms and flooding in the past decade than any other. They, too, have a project pro-posed for flood protection that had been studied for nearly 40 years. You can study something to death and never get anything done. If this project had been prioritized and constructed in the early 2000s as we intended, then St. John Parish in Louisiana and the sur-rounding communities would not have endured $600 million in damage from Hurricane Isaac in 2012. That is just a snapshot of what has been included in the WRDA bill. Water resources and water infra-structure projects are integral to our everyday lives—as we see in the next chart, the levees to protect our com-munities from floodwaters; ports and waterways that move American goods and services to a global marketplace. In addition to the traditional water resources projects and the provisions that have dominated WRDA bills in the past, Senator BOXER and I decided to go one step further and address the pressing water infrastructure crisis facing this Nation. As we put this bill together and we held hearings on crit-ical water resources and infrastruc-ture, we heard how communities are struggling to meet ever-growing clean water and safe drinking water man-dates that are needed for flexibility and for targeted assistance. By the way, if people are wondering right now why we are dividing the time before voting on a bill, I was going to make this presentation yesterday, but the Senator from New Jersey domi-nated the floor so that was not pos-sible. Our witness representing rural water, Mr. Robert Moore from Madill, OK, rec-ommended that we target the grant as-sistance program addressing issues of greatest necessity. These programs in-clude assistance for small and dis-advantaged communities. This is something that is particu-larly of concern in my State of Okla-homa. We are a rural State. We have many small communities, and we have the unfunded mandates come down from Washington, and we just can’t handle those. This is the one program that helps States like my State of Oklahoma. We have also empowered local com-munities to meet EPA mandates on a schedule that is doable and affordable for the community and that allows the community to prioritize addressing the greatest health threats first. That is good. That allows the communities to make these determinations. In addition to providing disaster re-lief for Flint, MI, we have also capital-ized the new Water Infrastructure Fi-nancing Innovation Act Program, which can provide secured loans for water and wastewater. That is actually called WIFIA. I think we are all famil-iar with that program. Without being able to get this done, none of these good things are going to happen. We have in this bill $70 million for this new program that delivers as much as $4.2 billion in secured loans. We are talking about the WIFIA Pro-gram. This is a fiscally responsible way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.004 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4687 June 29, 2016 
to partner with the States and provide Federal assistance. So when we are concerned about Flint, MI, there are other problems in other areas that meet the same criteria. We heard how new technologies can help address droughts and other water supply needs, like the issues we face in the Red River in Oklahoma. S. 2848 ad-dresses this issue by promoting new technologies and the transfer of desali-nation technologies from other coun-tries facing the same problems. Passing WRDA 2016 would guarantee the Fed-eral Government’s principal commit-ment to resilient water resources and water infrastructure and strong com-merce. This is a major bill. We are all con-cerned. We are all very familiar with what we did in this committee. I often say the Environment and Public Works Committee is a committee that actu-ally does things, and we did. We did the highway bill, we did the TSCA bill on chemicals, and this is the WRDA bill coming up. From the outset, Senator B
OXER and I have worked closely with Senate Re-publicans and Democrats to make sure that all Members were heard and no one was left behind. We have done this successfully on several occasions, as I mentioned—the FAST Act and TSCA— and we have delivered for every Mem-ber of this body. We have done the same thing with the WRDA bill, and that is what we are talking about doing now. We listened to your concerns, we en-gaged your constituents and your project sponsors in your respective States, as well as the users of our wa-terways and transportation infrastruc-ture. The message was clear and uni-form: Get back to regular order and build upon the reforms in the WRDA bill of 2014. We went 7 years without doing what we were supposed to be doing every 2 years, and now we are back on schedule to do that—to em-power the Army Corps and local host sponsors to help keep our water re-sources infrastructure strong and func-tioning. Let me close by saying that not pass-ing this bill would result in nearly $6 billion in navigation and flood control projects being unnecessarily delayed or never constructed. There would also be no critical reforms to the Army Corps of Engineers and their policies, no es-sential affordability reforms for the communities’ clean water infrastruc-ture mandates, no new assistance for innovative approaches to clean water and drinking water needs to address drought and water supply issues, no resolution of the national lead emer-gencies, like in Flint, MI, and no dam rehabilitation programs. So today, I am asking the leadership and my fellow Republicans to seize this valuable opportunity and bring the WRDA bill of 2016 to the floor. I know we want to do our appropriations bills, but we need to sandwich this in. We want it to get to the floor and passed before the July recess. Time is really of essence. We are putting the managers’ amend-ment together now. I encourage all Members to bring to me and to BAR-
BARA BOXER their concerns and their amendments so they can have the prop-er consideration on this bill. If you bring them down, we can do that. We are going to be ready to do this very significant bill. It will take a lot of co-operation by a lot of people. It is some-thing we are supposed to be doing in this country. People are impatient this morning, so I am going to yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, on this debate we are about to pursue, I ask unanimous consent that 9 minutes be given to the opponents and 8 min-utes to the supporters of this legisla-tion. I would like to take 5 minutes now, reserving 5 minutes for Senator M
ENENDEZ , and give my colleague from Illinois 8 minutes to control for people who are supportive of this legislation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to ask my colleagues to not vote for cloture on this measure and to give the Senate a chance to work its will. Many people know this legislation is being brought over from the House. I appreciate the good relationship I have with my colleague from the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and I would love the opportunity to have their input into this legislation, as many of my colleagues would, with just a simple amendment process. That is being denied here today if we, basi-cally, invoke cloture. Everybody has admitted this is a flawed bill. There is not one person who has done a presentation on this that hasn’t admitted it is a flawed product from the House of Representa-tives. So why not take a little time today and improve that bill? Why not let the Senate work its will, as we do on so many issues—because we have the time? As I think my colleague from New Jersey will prove, we are defi-nitely going to be here for a few days doing nothing. So, why not, instead of sitting here doing nothing, take the chance to improve a bill that, by all ac-counts, is flawed? Also, there is so much discussion that somehow July 1 is a magic date. Well, actually, July 11 is the next scheduled legal hearing on this, and that is plenty of time for the Senate to weigh in on a few ways to improve this legislation and to make sure we are not suspending the constitution of Puerto Rico in the process. There are many questionable issues about the structure of this bill. I cer-tainly prefer a structure that is clean and simple, understood by my col-leagues, and is going to lead to success by all of us. Why do I say that? Because the continued wrangling over the debt in Puerto Rico by a process that will be challenged on its constitutionality means that Puerto Rico will continue to be bled, the United States Govern-ment will continue to be bled, and we will not get a resolution of this issue. The appointments clause requires that these officers, who are being ap-pointed under the authority of Federal law, be appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. But, if this bill is enacted, we will have board members who have significant author-ity over Federal law and they are not appointed by the President and they are not confirmed by the Senate. So it is going to be challenged constitu-tionally. Why is this important? Because there are hedge funds out there that took Ar-gentina’s debt and it took almost a decade to get a resolution because they could win in court. We want a process here in legislation in which all of the debt is part of a discussion, and in which people can offer solutions as to how to get out of this situation by giv-ing bankruptcy to Puerto Rico. Also, there are questions about this board and who they are? Besides the fact that they are likely to be chal-lenged in court as unconstitutional, I brought up the point last night that they can actually receive gifts. Gifts from whom? What gifts? What can the board receive? Is it cars? Is it equip-ment? Is it airplanes? What is it they can receive? So we are here now to say: Let’s take the time, instead, to make sure we are going through this process and improv-ing the bill in the Senate. I think this is something my colleagues on both sides of the aisle can appreciate. What is hard to appreciate is that this small group of people are being given some very large powers. This group of people—just a simple majority of four of them—appointed by the two leaders of the Senate and the House, can approve the fiscal plan for Puerto Rico, approve the budget for Puerto Rico, set aside an act of law by the Puerto Rican Legislature, and dis-approve or approve and expedite per-mitting of projects. So, this is a lot of power. If you don’t think someone is going to challenge the constitu-tionality of this, I guarantee you they are going to challenge it. In the mean-time, we will have legal wrangling and a continued process. I urge my colleagues to vote ’No’ on this legislation. Give the Senate a chance to work its will and make sure we are protecting the U.S. taxpayers on the amount of debt we will be seeing with this legislation if we don’t move forward in an orderly fashion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Ms. CANTWELL. I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how much time remains on both sides? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-ponents of the measure have 8 minutes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.007 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4688 June 29, 2016 
remaining, and the opponents have ap-proximately 4 minutes remaining. Mr. DURBIN. I am going to speak, and I know my colleague and friend from New Jersey is here and opposes the measure. I have been given 8 min-utes, and I don’t know how much of that time I will use. I will try to leave whatever is left for his use. I know he spoke yesterday, but I am sure he wants to speak again this morning. I will yield whatever is left. The other remaining time, as I un-derstand, is controlled by the other side. Ms. CANTWELL. In the unanimous consent request I locked in 5 minutes. Mr. DURBIN. I ask for a clarifica-tion. Is there still 5 minutes remaining for the Senator from New Jersey? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington consumed 5 of 9 minutes, leaving 4 minutes remaining for the opponents of the bill. Mr. DURBIN. If I don’t use my entire time, I will yield the remainder to the Senator from New Jersey for those with opposing positions. Mr. President, many times on the floor of the Senate we are faced with difficult, sometimes impossible choices. At the end of the day, you wish you could sit down and write a so-lution that you believe would achieve its purpose and do it in the most re-sponsible manner. Many times we don’t get that luxury, and this is an example. Puerto Rico is in a unique relation-ship with the United States. Some have said this agreement is in the nature of a colonial imposition on the island of Puerto Rico. As the laws currently stand, Puerto Rico cannot save itself. It is $70 billion in debt, and those who hold the debt—the bond holders—are demanding payment. The Puerto Rican economy is strug-gling to survive and struggling to make a $2 billion payment on that debt by July 1. Under these emergency cir-cumstances, there is only one place to turn. It is not an imposing colonial power; it is the United States of Amer-ica that has been in partnership with Puerto Rico in the past and should be for its future. We are trying to find a reasonable way through this that will appeal to both political parties. Of course, the political parties see this differently. A Democratic solution to this looks a lot different than a Republican solution. What we have before us is a com-promise. It is a measure that was en-tered into with the cooperation, col-laboration, and bargaining between the Speaker of the House, N
ANCY PELOSI , the White House, and Republican lead-ers. So it is a mixed bag politically that comes to us today. I support it, although I would be the first to tell you there are parts of it I find absolutely objectionable. Bringing in the notion that they are going to put their economy on solid footing by reducing the minimum wage is laugh-able, as far as I am concerned. If you lower that minimum wage to an uncon-scionable level, more and more people will leave Puerto Rico—which they can legally do—and come to the United States, where the minimum wage is significantly larger than that proposed by the Republicans. The same thing is true when it comes to overtime pay. I struggle with the powers of this oversight board, but I understand that time and again in history, when enti-ties like New York City and other places are facing virtual bankruptcy, an oversight board has been the vehicle to bring them to stability. I think this oversight board is loaded—even though it is 4 to 3—loaded on the other side, but I hope they will in good conscience come up with approaches that are ac-ceptable. What is the alternative if we vote no? We will hear a lot of Members say: Let’s just vote against this and put an end to it. The alternative if we vote no is to give the bondholders, those who are holding the debt of Puerto Rico, all the cards July 1—all the cards. They can then go to court and force their hand for payment on these debts. And Puerto Rico, which is struggling to provide basic services, will have even more money taken away from them. What is a disastrous situation will be-come disastrously worse if we vote no and do nothing. This oversight board, for all its flaws, has the power to stop that from happening—has the power to enter into voluntary negotiations on the debt of Puerto Rico, and if they can’t reach a voluntary agreement, they have the power to go to court for restructuring all of the debt that faces the island. Now that is significant. I hope it doesn’t reach that point. I hope there is a voluntary negotiation. But to say we are going to protest the cre-ation of this board by voting against the creation of the board and this out-come I have described is to throw this poor island and the people who live there into chaos. I received a telephone call from the archbishop of Chicago, Blase Cupich. I respect him very much. He called me on several issues, but he said: The real purpose for my call is to tell you the archbishop of San Juan, Puerto Rico, has reached out to me and told me of the desperate situation they are facing in Puerto Rico today. About 150 schools have closed. There is no money to buy gasoline for the buses to take the children to schools. Many of the medical services are down to zero. One doctor a day is leaving Puerto Rico, and they can’t afford to lose any. Cur-rently, at the major hospital, Centro Medico, there is a serious question as to whether children who are trying to survive cancer will have the drugs they need for a fighting chance. That is how desperate it is. He went further to say the air ambulance service on Puerto Rico, which transports the most grave-ly ill people to medical care, is now not flying. They can’t afford to. People have to pay in cash for dialysis serv-ices. This is a disastrous situation, and the notion that we can vote no today and not accept the consequences, which will be terrible for Puerto Rico, is not a fair analysis of this problem. Yes, I would have written a different bill. Yes, I would have constructed a dif-ferent oversight board, but the choice now is not between some ideal or some better approach. The choice is before us. The choice is yes or no, and a ‘‘no’’ vote is one that is going to imperil this island and make the poor people living there face even worse hardship. How can that be a good outcome? How can we bargain for the possibility that sev-eral months from now there may be a better constructive oversight board? I think the responsible thing to do is to move forward. Don’t take my word for it alone. I represent the State of Illinois and am proud to do it. My connection to Puer-to Rico is through 100,000 Puerto Ricans who live in my State. I have worked with them. I have met with them. This morning, I received a letter from PEDRO PIERLUISI , who is the Mem-ber of Congress from Puerto Rico. He goes on to write: 
As Puerto Rico’s sole elected representa-tive in Congress, I write to respectfully re-quest that you vote in favor of S. 2328. . . . On June 9th, the House approved PROMESA in a strong bipartisan vote, an all-too-rare event that I hope will be replicated in the Senate this week. 
He goes on to talk about the imper-fections in this bill, which we all know. But he then goes on to talk about the hardships that the island of Puerto Rico is facing and will face if this bill is not passed. We have received the same request from the Governor of Puerto Rico. To ignore these people and to ignore the people who live there and the perils they face, I don’t believe is a responsible course of action. I think we have to move forward in a positive fashion. That is why I am going to support this measure today and urge my colleagues to do the same. It passed with a strong bipartisan vote in the House, as the resident Congress-man has related in his letter. It is an indication that as imperfect as this agreement may be, it is the best we can come up with in this terrible and per-ilous situation facing the island of Puerto Rico. I urge my colleagues today to vote yes on cloture, vote yes on final pas-sage of this bill. Give Puerto Rico a fighting chance. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I oppose invoking cloture on this measure be-cause the House version of this bill is flawed, and the Senate should have the opportunity to improve it. Puerto Rico is drowning in more than $70 billion of debt, equal to nearly 70 percent of the island’s GDP. This is a serious situation deeply affecting the 3.5 million Americans who call the is-land home. And let us be clear: these Americans need their country’s help. But the current PROMESA Act is not the answer, and here are two reasons why. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.008 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4689 June 29, 2016 
First, one of the provisions in the bill would set up a seven-member oversight board to oversee Puerto Rico’s fiscal plan and annual budgets. This board would consist of four Republicans and three Democrats and the Governor of Puerto Rico would serve as a nonvoting member. This is not a fair solution. Representation must be fair, and the way this board is currently proposed, it is one-sided. We need to fix that. Second, this legislation could reduce the minimum wage in Puerto Rico from $7.25 an hour to $4.25 an hour for workers 25 years old and under. How can young workers needing to gain eco-nomic independence in a suffering economy begin their careers on solid footing making only $4.25 an hour? In addition, this would reduce consumer spending, hurting an already weak economy. We should be lifting all workers— from California to Puerto Rico—up, not letting them fall further and fur-ther behind. We must give Puerto Rico the tools it needs to come out of this disaster stronger and with a clear path forward. As it stands, I do not feel this bill pro-vides the smart and necessary solu-tions needed to resolve this fiscal cri-sis, and therefore, I oppose invoking cloture on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry: How much time do I have? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey has approxi-mately 3 minutes 40 seconds remaining. Mr. MENENDEZ. Is that the time that was reserved? I understand there was a 5-minute time reserved. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator from Washington passed the initial reserve time used against the total reserve time. Mr. MENENDEZ. I ask unanimous consent to have up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise again this morning to urge my col-leagues to vote no on cloture. As draft-ed, PROMESA exacts a price far too high for relief that is far too uncertain. I came to this Chamber in September and December of last year to raise the alarm bells about what was happening in Puerto Rico. The majority held the ball and ran out the shot clock, at-tempting to silence the voice of 3.5 mil-lion U.S. citizens living in Puerto Rico in this debate. So let’s be clear about what this vote to end debate means. Despite what the proponents of the bill will argue, op-posing this cloture vote is not a vote to allow Puerto Rico to default. Any leg-islation we pass includes a retroactive stay on litigation, meaning that any lawsuit filed after July 1 will be halted and any judgment unenforceable. As the bill states, the stay bars ‘‘the com-mencement or continuation’’ of suits to recover claims against Puerto Rico. It also bars ‘‘enforcement . . . of a judgment obtained before the enact-ment’’ of the bill. In addition, section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, which is incorporated by reference into the bill, bars the ‘‘enforcement . . . of a judg-ment obtained before’’ filing for bank-ruptcy, once the board files a bank-ruptcy petition on Puerto Rico’s be-half. So even if the hedge funds win a judgment before the stay is enacted, that judgment cannot be enforced, and once the debt adjustment plan is con-firmed, the judgment can be dis-charged. As the Third Circuit Court of Appeals held in 2012—the circuit that has juris-diction over Puerto Rico—‘‘Even if [an] injunction is not a claim [for the pur-pose of the bar against ‘‘commence-ment or continuation’’ of ‘‘claims’’], any action to enforce [an injunction] is subject to the stay and cannot proceed without relief from the stay.’’ I repeat, ‘‘Any action to enforce [an injunction] is subject to the stay and cannot proceed without relief from the stay.’’ There is no doubt that time is of the essence and Congress must act swiftly. However, we shouldn’t allow a some-what arbitrary deadline to force through a fundamentally flawed bill as the retroactive stay gives us time to get this right. July 1 shouldn’t be used as an excuse to abdicate our respon-sibilities as U.S. Senators. With this in mind, I remind my colleagues that a vote for cloture is a vote against even attempting to improve any piece of this bill. I know many have serious concerns over a lot of provisions in the bill, from the control board to the anti-worker riders, and many are even filing amendments to improve these aspects. A vote for cloture is a vote to dis-enfranchise 3.5 million Americans. It is a vote to authorize an unelected, un-checked, and all-powerful control board to determine Puerto Rico’s des-tiny for a generation or more. It is a vote to force Puerto Rico, without their say, to go $370 million further in debt to pay for this omnipotent control board, which they don’t even want. It is a vote to cut the minimum wage down to $4.25 per hour for young work-ers in Puerto Rico. It is a vote to make Puerto Ricans work long overtime hours, without fair compensation. It is a vote to jeopardize collective bar-gaining agreements. It is a vote to cut worker benefits and privatize inher-ently government functions. It is a vote to shut schools, shutter hospitals, and cut senior citizen pensions to the bone. It is a vote to put hedge funds ahead of the people. It is a vote to sell off and commercialize natural treas-ures that belong to the people of Puer-to Rico, a vote to fast-track projects without a careful consideration of the environmental and health impacts, and, most of all, it is a vote against even attempting to fix these serious flaws. Is our memory so short that we have already forgotten the tragedy of Flint and the emergency board failures that caused it? Are we comfortable allowing this unelected, unaccountable control board to choose budgets over people? Are we content to allow them to veto regulations ensuring clean water be-cause they don’t fit the board’s im-posed fiscal plan? I certainly hope not. I have heard multiple times in my ca-reer that it is this bill or nothing, but I have and continue to reject that false dichotomy. Every issue before the Sen-ate deserves and usually receives a full and open debate, but for far too long we have made Puerto Rico the excep-tion—the ‘‘other’’ that is somehow out-side of the United States—treating our fellow Americans like subjects, not citizens: subjects not citizens. Let’s break that cycle today. Let’s have an honest debate and treat the 3.5 million citizens living in Puerto Rico as we would treat the citizens in any one of our States. I urge my colleagues to oppose clo-ture. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the Na-tional Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Thad Cochran, Marco Rubio, Lamar Alex-ander, John Hoeven, Jeff Flake, James M. Inhofe, Deb Fischer, Orrin G. Hatch, Johnny Isakson, Bob Corker, Lindsey Graham, John Boozman, Bill Cassidy, Mark Kirk, Daniel Coats. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2328 shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 68, nays 32, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 113 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Burr Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.042 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4690 June 29, 2016 
Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Murphy Nelson Paul Peters Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Thune Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—32 
Baldwin Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cotton Cruz Daines Donnelly Ernst Grassley Heller Lee Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murray Perdue Portman Sanders Sasse Scott Shelby Tester Tillis Warren Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). On this vote, the yeas are 68, the nays are 32. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer falls as it is inconsistent with cloture. The majority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4866 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on amend-ment No. 4866. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m., with the time in re-cess counting postcloture. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:07 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. C
RUZ). 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, there be 5 hours of time equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; further, that Senator M
ENENDEZ or his designee be recognized to make a motion to table the motion to concur with amendment No. 4865, and that Senator S
ANDERS or his designee be recognized to make a budget point of order, and that Senator M
CCONNELL or his designee be recog-nized to make a motion to waive the point of order; further, that following the use or yielding back of the 5 hours of debate, the Senate vote on the mo-tions in the order listed; finally, that if the motion to table is not successful, then following disposition of the mo-tion to waive, the remaining postcloture time be yielded back, the motion to concur with amendment be withdrawn, and the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amend-ment with no further intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. REID. Reserving the right to ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Demo-crats have 150 minutes. I ask unani-mous consent that that be divided as 40 minutes for M
ENENDEZ , 40 minutes for S
ANDERS , 10 minutes for C ANTWELL , 10 minutes for H
EITKAMP , and 50 minutes for proponents of the legislation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REID. Mr. President, further re-serving my right to object, I would also say that just because you have the time, you don’t have to use it. I would hope Senators on both sides would un-derstand that the sooner we get to the votes, the better off we will be. I would also say this. I appreciate on my side the work done by Senator M
ANCHIN of West Virginia. That State, in the last few weeks—actually, for the last few months—has been hit harder than any State deserves to be hit. It is just awful what has happened there. Senator M
ANCHIN has been stalwart in recognizing the work he has to do there. We understand his advocacy for years now—especially the last few months— on the miners, their pensions, and health care benefits. We recognize that. We think we have ways of helping him, and we have something worked out we think is appropriate, and we have dis-cussed that with him. I would also recognize Senator S
AND-
ERS. Everyone knows the fervency of his opinion on a number of different things, and he certainly has one on this matter, and he has 40 minutes to ex-plain that. We appreciate his coopera-tion. The person who has been a voice on Puerto Rico for more than the last few months—for years—has been BOB M
ENENDEZ from New Jersey. He has been very articulate in all the caucuses we have had where we have discussed this and on the floor. I admire his feel-ings on this. I wish I could say we have solved all of his problems. We have not been able to do that, but I certainly want every-one to know he has done a terrific job of recognizing, in his opinion, what is wrong with this legislation. There is no one better to articulate that position than B
OBMENENDEZ . Senator C
ANTWELL has worked very hard on this legislation with the chair of the Energy Committee, the senior Senator from Alaska. They have worked very hard. They had a way for-ward, but they couldn’t get it done. They are going to continue to work on putting something together. We need more of that. We have an Energy bill coming up. We hope we can work something out to get to conference on that and move for-ward on that. That is a bill that is years overdue. We have been trying to do that for almost 5 years. So I hope we can work something out. Senator H
EITKAMP is going to come and give us her opinion on what we should do on Ex-Im Bank. She has been articulate and working with Senator C
ANTWELL on that. I appreciate the work of the Repub-lican leader, and his assistant, the sen-ior Senator from Texas. This has been kind of a difficult issue for everybody. We all didn’t get what we wanted. That includes Democrats and Republicans. I wish we could have done better, but this is what we got from the House, which had been worked on over there with the Republicans, with the Speak-er, with Leader P
ELOSI , and the Presi-dent’s people. This is what we have, and we have had to work through this to do what we could do. I wish we could have done more, but I am satisfied that this is going to be a broad, broad step forward to help the people of Puerto Rico, who are des-perate for help. I have no objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the majority leader’s re-quest? Without objection, it is so ordered. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of our colleagues, this sets up three votes that will allow us to finish the bill later in the day. But I would remind everyone that we have a briefing from 4 to 5 on the ISIL issue, which I would encourage all of our Members to attend. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I rise in very strong opposition to the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Eco-nomic Stability Act, the so-called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.001 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4691 June 29, 2016 
PROMESA Act. This is a terrible piece of legislation, setting horrific prece-dent, and it must not be passed. The United States of America should not treat Puerto Rico as a colony. We cannot and must not take away the democratic rights of the 3.5 million Americans of Puerto Rico and give vir-tually all power on that island to a 7- member board that will be dominated, as it happens, by 4 Republicans. This legislation strips away the most impor-tant powers of the democratically elected officials of Puerto Rico, the Governor, the Legislature, and the mu-nicipal governments as well. We must not allow that to happen. This is not what the United States of America is supposed to be about, and this is not how we should treat a terri-tory in the year 2016. The bottom line is that the United States must not be-come a colonial master, which is pre-cisely what this legislation allows. Any decisions that are made regarding the future of Puerto Rico must be made by the people of that island and their elected officials. This legislation, I should add, is not just about taking away the democratic rights of the people of Puerto Rico. It is about punishing them economically. Since 2006, Puerto Rico has been in the midst of a major economic depression. In the last 10 years, Puerto Rico has lost 20 percent of its jobs. About 60 per-cent of Puerto Rico’s adult population is either unemployed or has given up looking for work. Over the last 5 years alone, more than 150 public schools have been shut down and the childhood poverty rate in Puerto Rico is now 58 percent. There is a mass migration out of Puerto Rico to the mainland of pro-fessionals because there is simply no work on the island. In the midst of this human suffering and economic turmoil, it is morally re-pugnant that billionaire hedge fund managers on Wall Street are demand-ing that Puerto Rico fire teachers, close schools, cut pensions, and lower the minimum wage so that they can reap huge profits off the suffering and misery of the American citizens on that island. We have to understand that Puerto Rico’s $70 billion in debt is unsustainable and unpayable. That is just a fact. You cannot get blood out of a stone. The reason—or one of the major reasons that it is unpayable— has a lot to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds. In recent years, vulture funds have purchased a signifi-cant amount of Puerto Rico’s debt. In fact, it has been estimated that over one-third of Puerto Rico’s debt is now owned by these vulture funds that are getting interest rates of up to 34 per-cent on tax-exempt bonds they pur-chased for as little as 29 cents on the dollar. Let me repeat that. Vulture funds are getting interest rates of up to 34 percent on tax-exempt bonds they purchased for as little as 29 cents on the dollar. Let us be clear. This issue is a sig-nificant part of what the entire debate regarding Puerto Rico is about. Bil-lionaire hedge fund managers who pur-chased Puerto Rican bonds for pennies on the dollar now want a 100-percent return on their investment, while schools are being shut down in Puerto Rico, while pensions are being threat-ened with cuts, while children on the island go hungry. That is morally un-acceptable. That should not be allowed by the Congress. It is bad enough for Republicans in the House to write legislation that takes away the democratic rights of U.S. citizens living in Puerto Rico, but adding insult to injury, this legislation does something even more insulting. At a time when health, education, and nutrition programs will likely be cut, this legislation, if you can believe it, requires the taxpayers of Puerto Rico to pay for the financial control board at the unbelievable sum of $370 million in order to fund the control board’s bu-reaucracy. So think about it for a second. The control board will likely cut programs for the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor, on an island where 58 per-cent of the children are already living in poverty because Puerto Rico does not have enough money to take care of its most vulnerable people. In the midst of all that, $370 million is going to be sucked away from Puerto Rico in order to pay for the administration of the financial control board. This, to me, is literally beyond belief. Puerto Rico must be given the time it needs to grow its economy, to create jobs, to reduce its poverty rate, and to expand its tax base so that it can pay back its debt in a way that is fair and just. In my view, we need austerity— not for the people of Puerto Rico but for the billionaire Wall Street hedge fund managers who have exacerbated the financial crisis on the island. We must tell them loudly and clearly that they cannot get everything they want while workers in Puerto Rico are fired, while schools are shut down, while health care is underfunded, and while children on that island live in poverty. I am very disappointed that this ex-tremely important piece of legislation is being pushed through Congress with-out allowing any amendments here in the Senate. That is not the way we should be doing business. If allowed, I will offer an amendment in the form of legislation that I have introduced—legislation that would allow Puerto Rico’s debt to be struc-tured through the creation of a recon-struction finance corporation. Let’s never forget that in 2008, when Wall Street’s greed, recklessness, and illegal behavior nearly destroyed our economy, the Federal Reserve provided $16 trillion in virtually zero—zero—in-terest loans to every major financial institution in this country, as well as central banks and corporations throughout the world. If the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department could move quickly to stabilize our economy and global markets in 2008, we can surely help the 3.5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico who are hurting today. The Fed can and should provide low-interest loans to Puerto Rico and facilitate an orderly restructuring of Puerto Rico’s debt. This legislation is both a political and economic disaster for the people of Puerto Rico. This legislation takes away their democratic rights and self- governance and will impose harsh aus-terity measures, which will make the poorest people in Puerto Rico even poorer. This is legislation that should not be passed by the Congress. I rise to offer a point of order against this legislation. Mr. President, I understand that the Republican representative will be com-ing down in a few moments, so I will reserve my time and reclaim the floor in a few minutes when the Republican representative is here. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I rise to raise a point of order against this legislation and make a point of order that the pending motion to concur vio-lates section 425(a)(2) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-visions of applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 2328, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I re-serve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as we all now know, the government of Puerto Rico has run up an astounding debt of around $70 billion and has more than $40 billion in virtually unfunded pen-sion promises. To address this financial challenge, the Senate has taken up leg-islation to provide greater oversight of the territory’s finances and some broad debt-resolution authority. That bill, which the authors entitled the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Manage-ment, and Economic Stability Act,’’ or PROMESA, is certainly not something I would have written and in many areas leaves a lot to be desired. None-theless, I voted to invoke cloture on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.016 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4692 June 29, 2016 
the bill because, thanks to the stub-bornness of the Treasury Department and lack of transparency from the gov-ernment of Puerto Rico, it is the only option on the table, and delaying ac-tion would only hurt the Americans who reside on the island. Astoundingly, the government of Puerto Rico has not provided audited financial statements since 2013, despite its responsibilities to do so under con-tinuing disclosure requirements and multiple requests from Congress and investors. The territory’s debt chal-lenges have been center stage here in Congress for about a year now, and throughout that time we have received only stale, largely useless, and untrustworthy information regarding Puerto Rico’s finances. In fact, some of the disclosures have been downright in-sulting. For example, earlier this year I sub-mitted a number of detailed questions to the Governor of Puerto Rico about the state of the island’s finances. One of my questions was very straight-forward: ‘‘What component units of Puerto Rico’s government has issued debt, and how much does each owe?’’ Amazingly, the Governor, in a delayed response, answered that simple ques-tion with a quote from an outdated re-port issued by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. In other words, the very government that issued the debt would not even provide information on what it owes and instead quoted a third party. This is not an isolated incident. Throughout this public discussion, we have yet to get anything resembling a firsthand ac-count of the true fiscal situation in Puerto Rico. In fact, this lack of trans-parency—and that is putting it kind-ly—has gone on for years. Lately, how-ever, Puerto Rico’s withholding of in-formation seems to have been strategic and part of a legislative strategy in concert with the Treasury Department. The U.S. Treasury Department was given authority to provide technical assistance to Puerto Rico but evidently has not advised Puerto Rico’s govern-ment to open its books. In addition, de-spite numerous requests I have made to Treasury to provide briefings on the nature of their technical assistance, they have, so far, refused to provide any such insight. We have heard calls from various sources, including Members of the Sen-ate, for the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate actions taken on the part of private investors in relation to Puerto Rico’s debt crisis. Given the apparent coordination be-tween Treasury and the government of Puerto Rico and the overall lack of in-formation we have about the current state of the territory’s debt and fi-nances, I sent a letter this week to the SEC asking that actions and inaction by government officials be included in any investigation into Puerto Rico’s debt. Today I also sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Lew inquiring about re-ported confidentiality agreements Treasury officials have signed with component units of Puerto Rico’s gov-ernment. The existence of such agree-ments raises many questions, and dis-turbing reports that Treasury officials may have impeded negotiations be-tween Puerto Rico and its creditors in order to get a better legislative out-come in Congress raises even more questions. With respect to Puerto Rico, the Obama administration is and has been interested in one thing and one thing only: obtaining the broadest and most comprehensive debt resolution author-ity for Puerto Rico possible, in an obvi-ous attempt to favor public pensions in Puerto Rico. While I tried last year to work with administration officials to-ward a resolution for Puerto Rico, Treasury officials remained extraor-dinarily rigid in their objectives. Moreover, while that administration and many of my friends on the other side have been very forthcoming in of-fering ideas of how to send roughly $50 billion of extra health funds to Puerto Rico and nearly $10 billion in difficult- to-administer tax incentives, none of them have been forthcoming about the actual cost of their proposal. They have also persisted in identifying what they call ‘‘health funding inequities’’ but never seem to want to own up to the fact they purposefully included a cliff in health funding for Puerto Rico as a part of ObamaCare. This health funding cliff alone should be a clear indication to the people of Puerto Rico that while the administra-tion and my friends on the other side of the aisle talk one way about how they care for the people of Puerto Rico, they often act quite differently and give far more attention and effort to protecting the interests of public sector unions. I have made clear all along my main objective has been to serve the inter-ests of the people of Puerto Rico, not the politicians on the island or here in Washington, DC. That is why I voted to invoke cloture on the legislation before us today, despite the rigidities of the Obama administration and the govern-ment of Puerto Rico. Unfortunately, we have been put in a position where, if this legislation were to fail, there will only be more suf-fering for the people of Puerto Rico. We cannot wait for another administration here or on the island to finally get ac-curate and verified information on Puerto Rico’s finances. We cannot wait for the Obama administration to start engaging reasonably with Congress about health care funding or tax incen-tives for the island. Therefore, in order to finally deter-mine the true state of Puerto Rico’s fi-nances and to provide relief from the massive indebtedness accumulated by a profligate Puerto Rican government, I will, once again, be voting yes on this bill. The bill does not have any signifi-cant effect on the Federal deficit or our massive Federal debt, which is a good thing. Unfortunately, it also will not have any significant effect on Puerto Rico’s economic growth, but it does promise to finally uncover what is be-neath the opaque, weblike structure of the Puerto Rican government’s fi-nances, and if we are actually going to be able to meaningfully address the is-land’s financial challenges, that will be a very important step. The bill also has the potential to pro-vide some debt relief which can help the people of Puerto Rico, if effectively implemented and not used simply as a way to funnel resources into public pension programs. Despite reforms to pension programs touted by the Puerto Rican government in recent years, the territory has not actually funded those reforms. As a result, large public pen-sion programs on the island remain, in effect, entirely unreformed, still allow-ing for things like government-sub-sidized loans to participants for cul-tural trips intended for ‘‘relaxation.’’ Unfortunately, there has been a lot of other misinformation about Puerto Rico’s financial information put for-ward by some of my friends on the other side of the aisle, by some admin-istration officials who know better, and by many in the House who could stand to learn more. None of that, if we let it persist, will help the people of Puerto Rico. Let me close by agreeing with some remarks made yesterday by my col-league and good friend Senator C
ANT-
WELL , who correctly identified that whatever happens today with PROMESA, issues surrounding Puerto Rico are not going away. I will note this legislation sets up a congressional task force to consider impediments to growth in Puerto Rico, including those that may stem from the Federal Government policies. Per-haps Senator C
ANTWELL and I could serve together on the task force. In principle, the task force can allow Con-gress to continue to address issues sur-rounding how Federal tax and health care policies affect Puerto Rico and how changes could possibly influence growth. To be clear, I believe this task force could be useful only if both sides of the aisle are willing to seriously discuss ideas beyond sending tens of billions of dollars to Puerto Rico. If the task force will only consider a wish list of Federal spending, I don’t see it accomplishing all that much for the people living in Puerto Rico. In any event, it is long past time for holding out hope the government of Puerto Rico will provide accurate fi-nancial information. Similarly, it is likely a fruitless endeavor to keep waiting on the Obama administration to move away from its rigid focus on obtaining broad debt restructuring au-thority for Puerto Rico. We should not hold the people of Puerto Rico hostage to the rigidities of self-interested poli-ticians, neither here nor in the terri-tory. Consequently, I plan to support PROMESA, despite its shortcomings. I urge my colleagues to do the same. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.017 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4693 June 29, 2016 
appreciate the honest and decent peo-ple of Puerto Rico and wish them the very best and hope this bill will help them get on the path that will cause that great and beautiful place to be even better. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask the Presiding Officer to advise me when I have used 25 minutes of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator will be so notified. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I have come to the floor time and time again on this issue with a simple mes-sage: PROMESA, which is the Spanish word for promise, is not a promise; it is a power play leaving the people of Puerto Rico unable to manage their own government, make their own deci-sions, and do what they believe is nec-essary for their own future. In the case of Puerto Rico, we have decided not to help them make their own decisions but to take the powers of governing away from them. While I have filed many amendments, unfortunately my colleagues seem to have thrown up their hands and said this bill cannot get any better, we will not even try to do the people’s work and have actual debate and votes in the Senate. I would note that calls for a thorough debate on the Senate floor were bipar-tisan in nature. I would remind my col-leagues that each one of us was elected to this very Chamber to debate and enact legislation to improve the lives of Americans, and that includes the 3.5 million American citizens living in Puerto Rico. I know proponents of the bill have ar-gued, supporting an amendment proc-ess would force Puerto Rico to default and have serious repercussions for its people, but they are simply mistaken. The truth is, the legislation we are considering will include a retroactive stay on litigation, meaning any law-suit filed before July 1 will be halted and any judgments unenforceable. As a matter of fact, any lawsuits that take place or any judicial decisions that take place, once the legislation is passed and signed by the President—it will be retroactive to December of last year. That will be stopped. As the bill states, the stay bars ‘‘the commence-ment or continuation’’ of suits to re-cover ‘‘claims’’ against Puerto Rico. It also bars ‘‘enforcement . . . of a judg-ment obtained before the enactment’’ of the bill. In addition, section 362 of the Bank-ruptcy Code, which is incorporated by reference into this bill that we are con-sidering, bars the ‘‘enforcement . . . of a judgment obtained before’’ filing for bankruptcy once the board files a bankruptcy petition on Puerto Rico’s behalf to restructure their debt. Even if this apocalyptic scenario the pro-ponents of the bill want to use to drive this bill through—if hedge funds win a judgment before the stay is enacted, that judgment cannot be enforced once the law is passed. Once the debt adjust-ment plan is confirmed, the judgment can actually be discharged. The Third Circuit Court of Appeals, which has jurisdiction over Puerto Rico, held in 2012: ‘‘Even if [an] injunc-tion is not a claim [for purpose of the bar against ‘commencement or con-tinuation’ of ‘claims’], any action to enforce [an injunction] is subject to the stay and cannot proceed without relief from the stay.’’ What does that basically mean? Any action to enforce is subject to the stay and cannot proceed without relief from the stay. The stay is the legislation we are passing. So all of this suggesting that we have to drive into a set of cir-cumstances with a bad bill is not the reality. Time is of the essence as it relates to Congress acting swiftly, but we shouldn’t allow a somewhat arbitrary deadline to force through a fundamen-tally flawed bill, as the retroactive stay gives us the time to get it right. July 1 shouldn’t be used as an excuse to abdicate our responsibilities as U.S. Senators. Adoption of the motion to table, which I will make later, can still find a reasonable middle ground to truly help solve the crisis and the humanitarian catastrophe that awaits the people of Puerto Rico rather than simply ignor-ing their sovereignty and choosing the road to colonialism. While hope is get-ting dim, we still have one last oppor-tunity to do right by the people of Puerto Rico. I will attempt to table a pending amendment in order to have the opportunity to replace that amend-ment if we succeed in going ahead and tabling it to get a vote on one of my amendments. While that may seem a little bit con-fusing as a procedural vote, basically what I am saying is if you vote for my motion to table, you are giving me an opportunity to have an amendment I plan to offer in its place. If we succeed, the majority leader might try to slip in another amend-ment, but at the end of the day, we will know the whole purpose of tabling is to offer an amendment to improve this legislation. Why must we improve this legislation? Let me go through what is wrong with this law. This creates an oversight board. The board, according to the report by the House Natural Resources Committee—I did not say this; it is the official docu-ment of the House of Representatives, which passed this bill. It says: ‘‘The board would have broad sovereign pow-ers’’—sovereign powers means it has total authority on its own—‘‘to effec-tively overrule decisions by Puerto Rico’s legislature, governor and other public authorities.’’ These are the peo-ple who were elected by the 3.5 million citizens of Puerto Rico, U.S. citizens, to determine their future, but, no, the board is going to overrule them and have the sovereign power to do so. Secondly, the oversight board ‘‘can effectively nullify’’—nullify means end—‘‘any new laws or policies adopted by Puerto Rico that did not conform to requirements specified in the bill.’’ The board can nullify a sovereign govern-ment’s opportunity to pass laws as elected by the people. The consent of its government, the essence of democ-racy—well, we are nullifying that. The control board, as I call it—and I will speak about why it is control and not oversight. These things speak to controls, not oversight. It says the con-trol board ‘‘may impose mandatory cuts on Puerto Rico’s government and instrumentalities—a power far beyond that exercised by the Control Board es-tablished for the District of Columbia.’’ Again, that is from the House Natural Resources Committee report—‘‘a power far beyond that exercised by the Con-trol Board established for the District of Columbia.’’ They can say: Sorry, Puerto Rico, we know you put your budget together, we know the legislature passed it, and we know the Governor signed it, but we think you have to cut in these areas of education, you have to cut in these areas of health care, and you have to cut in these areas of public safety. They have the power to decide mandatorily that these cuts must take place. With respect to the government of Puerto Rico and its instrumentalities, which means subdivisions, it can make appropriate reductions in nondebt ex-penditures. That is very important. Anything that is considered as an ex-penditure to pay the debt is held sac-rosanct and can’t be touched, but as far as nondebt expenditures, this board can say: This is where you will make the cuts. What are those nondebt expendi-tures? They are education, health care, public safety, senior citizens, and all of the things we think about to protect the people in our society. It has sole discretion over the budget. ‘‘The Oversight Board shall deter-mine in its sole discretion’’—a phrase used nearly 30 times throughout the bill, which means we are not defining what that means. Sole discretion, as commonsense, means they themselves can determine what is appropriate, whether each proposed budget is com-pliant with the applicable fiscal plan in their sole discretion even if that dis-cretion is arbitrary and capricious. It has the sole discretion to grant or deny restructuring. Why are we even considering legisla-tion? The whole purpose of our legisla-tion is to give Puerto Rico a pathway to restructuring in the bankruptcy court, where the bankruptcy court and the Federal laws would take over, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.019 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4694 June 29, 2016 
we created a series of problems to that restructuring. The oversight board certifies a plan of adjustment only if it determines in its sole discretion that it is consistent with the applicable certified fiscal plan. Again, they could be arbitrary and capricious. This board, which has no representa-tion from Puerto Rico that comes from the Puerto Rican people—it will have one person who either has their pri-mary residence or their primary busi-ness in Puerto Rico, but they could have a primary business and not live there and make dictates about the peo-ple of Puerto Rico. And this person doesn’t come from the Governor and legislature of Puerto Rico, rep-resenting the Puerto Rican people. This board that has control over their entire lives, which includes their budgets, fiscal plan, the ability to make mandatory cuts, and the ability to impose all types of things that a governing body, in essence, would do— guess who pays for this oversight board, which includes seven unelected and unaccountable people? Puerto Rico pays for it. ‘‘Within 30 days after the date of en-actment, the territorial government shall designate a dedicated funding source’’—meaning a source only to pay for this—‘‘not subject to legislative ap-propriations.’’ Guess what the estimate of that is. This is the Congressional Budget Office. It says Puerto Rico will have to pay about $370 million for this control board. Here is an island that doesn’t have the money to meet some of the basic necessities that we heard so eloquently talked about on both sides of the aisle, but we are going to impose at least another $370 million— as is estimated by the Congressional Budget Office—on them for a control board that they have no say over. They have no oversight over the con-trol board. Neither the Governor, nor the legislature can exercise any con-trol, supervision, or oversight, but they get to pay the $370 million, and they have to live with all the dictates of the control board even though they don’t have representation. To further make sure the control board is even more omnipotent, they put in a no-liability clause. ‘‘The Over-sight Board, its members and its em-ployees shall not be liable for any obli-gation of or any claim against the Oversight Board or its members or em-ployees or the territorial government resulting from actions taken to carry out this act.’’ They have absolute im-munity. Wow. Wouldn’t we all like to have that. My amendment is targeted at im-proving the most egregious flaws of this legislation. My amendment would ensure that the people of Puerto Rico have a voice in their future. The cur-rent legislation denies the Puerto Rican people any representation on a board that effectively replaces the de-cisionmaking powers of the legislative and executive branches of their demo-cratically elected government. It im-poses the board on Puerto Rico without ever consulting the people of Puerto Rico. My amendment makes two critical changes to protect Puerto Rico’s sov-ereignty and democratic rights. Under my amendment, if we get to it through the motion to table, Puerto Rico will decide for itself whether it will access restructuring and accept the control board, thus preserving the people’s voice in the process. Second, my amendment adds two ad-ditional voting members to the board chosen by the elected representatives of the people of Puerto Rico. These two additional members would be chosen by the President from a list of four can-didates submitted by the Governor of Puerto Rico with the advice and con-sent of the Legislature of Puerto Rico. Republicans will still appoint the ma-jority of members from an ideological perspective. I personally believe that all of the members of the board should be chosen by the people of Puerto Rico or their elected representatives, but I want to be reasonable and open to com-promise, which is why my amendment only requires two members of a nine- member board to be chosen by Puerto Rico. Certainly we can all agree that the people who have to deal with all of the consequences of this board’s deci-sions should have some say as to who is making those decisions. My amendment would also protect senior citizens and avoid an increase in elderly poverty. PROMESA currently includes a vague and undefined require-ment to provide adequate funding for public pension systems. Our amend-ment would ensure that senior retirees and pensioners are protected from the whims of the control board. After all, the retirees in Puerto Rico, who spent 30 years serving the island as police of-ficers, firefighters, teachers, and nurses, didn’t have any choice but to participate in the pension plan; it was mandatory. Unlike hedge funds that were able to pick and choose what in-vestments to make and often bought bonds at pennies on the dollar, public servants had to participate in the pen-sion system. They had no way of know-ing that their nest egg, for which they worked their entire lives, was at risk of being taken away. They didn’t con-tribute to the fiscal problems facing Puerto Rico, and they didn’t borrow too much or fail to make annual con-tributions to the fund, so why should they lose their retirement funds? Besides the fundamental flaws with the control board and the failure to provide critical protections for seniors and retirees, this bill also fails to pro-vide a clear pathway to restructuring, which is the whole purpose of this leg-islation and this debate to begin with. The unelected control board created in this bill will have the ultimate author-ity to decide whether Puerto Rico’s debts are even worthy of restructure. Let’s not fool ourselves into believ-ing that is a sure thing, that this bill guarantees the island the ability to re-structure its debts. Indeed, section 206 of the bill lists four gatekeeping re-quirements before any restructuring can occur. It must have engaged in good-faith efforts to reach a consensual agreement with creditors, it must es-tablish a system to develop and make public timely audited financial reports, and it must adopt a fiscal plan ap-proved by the board. But even if Puerto Rico meets and fulfills these require-ments, there is still an additional, even higher hurdle it must meet to access restructuring. Instead, the fourth gatekeeping requirement in the PROMESA legislation requires a super-majority of a 5-to-2 vote by the control board in order for any of the island’s debts to be restructured. When you call for a supermajority, it means that a minority of that seven—three people— may be ideologically opposed to the concept of restructuring or allowing Puerto Rico to get access to the bank-ruptcy court and could derail the is-land’s attempts to achieve sustainable debt payments. Without any authority to restructure its debt, all this legislation will do is take away the democratic rights of 3.5 million Americans and leave the future to wishful thinking and a prayer that the crisis will somehow be resolved. Instead of leaving this critical deci-sion up to the whims of a minority of the board, my amendment would pro-vide a clear path to restructuring by removing this arbitrary vote require-ment. Instead, under my amendment, the government or instrumentality would be able to restructure its debts once it completed the first three gatekeeping requirements. Since the main purpose of this bill is to give Puerto Rico the tools to restructure all of its debts, why would we leave this authority to chance? In addition to the undemocratic con-trol board and an obfuscated path to restructuring, I have serious concerns that the bill would actually increase poverty and out-migration rather than stem both. That is because it provides an exception to the Federal minimum wage for younger workers, and it ex-empts the island from recently final-ized overtime protections. At a time when we are seeking to increase work-ers’ wages, PROMESA goes in the op-posite direction and actually cuts them. It amazes me that the solution to getting Puerto Rico’s economy growing again is to ensure that workers make even less money. Lowering people’s wages is not a pro-growth strategy; it is a pro-migration strategy because anyone who lives on the island of Puer-to Rico and is a U.S. citizen can take a JetBlue flight to the United States and will then have overtime and minimum wage protections. It they are a senior, they will have full Medicare protec-tion. If they are indigent, they will have Medicaid protections. They would have just about everything every other U.S. citizen would have. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.021 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4695 June 29, 2016 
All these provisions would do is in-tensify out-migration to the mainland, where Puerto Ricans are eligible for everything I just discussed. That is why my amendment strips these offen-sive and unrelated riders out of this bill. I urge my colleagues to support these commonsense improvements to the bill by voting for my motion to table. I have known for the past several weeks—well, maybe months since I started coming to the floor in Sep-tember of last year and then urgently several times in December of last year to say now is the time to act so we are not up against an emergent situation— but, no, I guess the 3.5 million citizens of Puerto Rico did not deserve the type of attention and urgency we, as Mem-bers of Congress, should have given to them. I understood that for that period of time, the deck was stacked against the people of Puerto Rico, but I am not ready to give up just yet. Put simply, PROMESA exacts a price far too high for relief that is far too uncertain. If we throw our hands up in the air and refuse to make changes to this wholly inferior bill, which we can protect by the retroactive nature that we have already put in the legislation to stay any judgments, we will cast a dark shadow on the future of Puerto Rico. A vote against tabling my motion, against tabling the pending amend-ment, is a vote to disenfranchise 3.5 million Americans. It is a vote to au-thorize an unelected and all-powerful control board that could close schools, shutter hospitals, and cut senior citi-zens’ pensions to the bone. It is a vote to force Puerto Rico, without their say, to go $370 million further in debt to pay for this omnipotent control board which they don’t even want. It is a vote to cut the minimum wage down to $4.25 per hour for younger workers in Puerto Rico. It is a vote to make Puer-to Ricans work long overtime hours without fair compensation or protec-tion. It is a vote to jeopardize collec-tive bargaining agreements. It is a vote to cut worker benefits and privatize in-herent government functions. It is a vote to place well-heeled hedge funds and creditors ahead of the people. It is a vote to give the board the power to sell off and commercialize natural treasures that belong to the people of Puerto Rico. And at its worst, it is a vote to authorize an unelected, un-checked, and all-powerful control board that determines Puerto Rico’s destiny for a generation or more. Let’s be clear. The people of Puerto Rico find this board to be offensive and disrespectful. In fact, according to a re-cent poll commissioned by Puerto Rico’s largest newspaper, El Nuevo Dia, 69 percent of all respondents op-posed—69 percent—opposed the PROMESA bill—the bill we are voting on today—while 54 percent opposed the very idea of having an oversight board. Their concerns are validated by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice which, as I said earlier, says: The board would have broad sovereign pow-ers to effectively overrule decisions by Puer-to Rico’s legislature, governor, and other public authorities. [It can] effectively nullify any new laws or policies adopted by Puerto Rico that did not conform to requirements specified in the bill. 
Even the bill’s own author noted in the committee report: ‘‘[T]he Oversight Board may impose mandatory cuts on Puerto Rico’s government and instru-mentalities.’’ If the board, in its sole discretion, as the bill cites 29 times, uses the super-powers in this bill to make mandatory budget cuts that harm the people of Puerto Rico, there is nothing anybody from Puerto Rico can do about it. And these powers aren’t limited to just budget and fiscal policy. As the bill states in section 205, the control board can submit recommendations to the Governor on a wide range of issues, including how Puerto Rico organizes its government agencies, how they meet the pension obligations, what services the government delivers, how they determine wage performance standards, and, perhaps most egre-giously, the control board can submit recommendations on ‘‘the privatization and commercialization of entities within the territorial government.’’ While this section calls these com-ments recommendations, another sec-tion allows the board to ‘‘adopt appro-priate recommendations’’ submitted by the Oversight Board under section 205. So, in essence, they can adopt the very essence of what they are saying is a recommendation. The board can decide to hold a fire sale and put Puerto Rican natural won-ders on the auction block to the high-est bidder. Is that what the people of Puerto Rico want? Is that what we want? The fact is, this legislation puts bal-anced budgets and untested ideology ahead of the health, safety, and well- being of children and families similar to how the control board travesty un-folded in Flint. Without their voices represented on the control board, there is nothing the people of Puerto Rico will be able to do. The fact that the Puerto Rican people will have abso-lutely no say over who is appointed or what action they decide to take is clearly blatant neocolonialism. I am afraid we are opening the flood-gates for Puerto Rico to become a lab-oratory for rightwing economic poli-cies. Puerto Rico deserves much more than to be the unwilling host of untest-ed experiments in austerity. I am not advocating to completely remove all oversight powers. To the contrary, I support helping Puerto Rico make informed, prudent decisions that put it on a path to economic growth and solvency. But despite its name, the oversight board envisioned by this bill doesn’t simply oversee; it directs, it commands, it controls. The control board has final say on the fis-cal plan, final say on the budget. It can veto laws, contracts, rules, regulations, executive orders. It can even mandate across-the-board budget cuts with no regard to the impact on the people. So mark my words. If we don’t seize this opportunity to address this crisis in a meaningful way, we will be right back here in a year, picking up the pieces. So while it is absolutely clear that we need to act and act decisively and expediently—— The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has consumed 25 minutes. Mr. MENENDEZ. I thank the Chair. So while it is absolutely clear that we need to act and act decisively and expediently to help our fellow citi-zens—U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico— just as importantly, we need to get it right. Working together and helping each other in a time of need is what this country is all about. When a hurri-cane hits the Gulf Coast or a tornado ravages the Midwest or when we see wildfires in the West, or we see what happened in West Virginia, I don’t stand here and ask how my constitu-ents in New Jersey were affected. Rath-er, I stand with my fellow Americans and fight to provide relief, regardless of what State or territory they are from. So it seems to me there is a reason we call this country the United States of America, and U.S. citizens enjoy the privilege of calling America home. The 3.5 million U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico are also part of that great American people. As I have outlined, I have an amend-ment to make reasonable and targeted improvements to this legislation so that workers get the retirement they deserve, the people of Puerto Rico are protected from egregious attacks on their pay, the island has unimpeded ac-cess to restructure its debt, and, most importantly, the people of Puerto Rico have a say in their future—the consent of the governed, the very essence of what democracy is all about. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 4865 
So, Mr. President, I move to table the motion to concur with amendment No. 4865, and I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, with that, I reserve the remainder of my time. I yield the floor. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, once again, Congress has responded at the last possible moment to a dire issue— in this case, the debt crisis in Puerto Rico. Friday, July 1, is a critical dead-line for the island Commonwealth, the date when Puerto Rico must repay $1.9 billion in debt service that it has re-peatedly stated that it is unable to pay. If we had failed to act, over 3.5 million Americans would have faced an economic and humanitarian crisis. The Commonwealth government has stated that, even after clawing back revenues from other parts of the public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.022 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4696 June 29, 2016 
sector like education, health, and pub-lic safety, it will not have sufficient re-sources to meet the entire debt service obligation due on July 1. That is just a few short days from now. On January 27 of this year, I joined 44 of my colleagues in the Senate to urge Majority Leader M
CCONNELL to work with us and swiftly enact legislation to give Puerto Rico access to the tools it needs to address the debt crisis. Over 150 days later, the Senate is only just beginning to act. This Congress has dragged its feet on important issues, waiting until we are right up against dangerous deadlines to take critical action. Puerto Rico is just one example; funding to fight Zika is another. We saw these problems on the horizon long ago; yet the majority al-lowed the problem to build, permitted the crisis to grow, waited until the last minute, and, in doing so, restricted the Senate’s opportunity to act. The Senate has just passed the House-passed bill, the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. I understand that this was a difficult issue on which the ad-ministration and Republicans and Democrats struggled to agree. This bill is far from perfect, but without it, the situation in Puerto Rico will worsen. I share my colleagues’ concerns about the unelected fiscal control board. Cuts to public services and pub-lic safety for the benefit of debt hold-ers and financial speculators would be unacceptable. Also, just as Republicans tried to use funding to fight Zika as cudgel to push through cuts to the Af-fordable Care Act and reproductive health, they now are using the crisis in Puerto Rico to chip away at funda-mental labor protections, such as over-time pay and the Federal minimum wage. I supported the bill with these sub-stantial reservations because it was critical to pass this legislation before July 1. The Senate would have been able to exercise its right of careful con-sideration and debate if this bill had been brought to the floor when we called for it in January. But today, the time was up. I urge Congress to stop this destructive pattern of procrasti-nating on difficult issues and waiting until the eleventh hour to act on crit-ical issues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to display a replica of a wheel loader that is produced in North Dakota. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, it may seem like an odd request, but it actually has a purpose because it re-flects literally hundreds of jobs in my State—really, hundreds of jobs across the country. June 30 will be an anniversary that is really not worthy of celebration; that is, it is the anniversary of when we lit-erally shut down the Export-Import Bank and made it unable to function for the first time in its 80-year history. Now, that may not seem like a lot. It may not seem as though it is some-thing we should be very concerned about, but I can tell my colleagues that workers across our country— workers who work in manufacturing, individuals whose livelihood depends on exports from our country—know the impact today of this action, or inac-tion. Despite the fact that Congress reau-thorized the agency six months ago, the Ex-Im Bank has been hamstrung from supporting American jobs and businesses because there isn’t a quorum on the Ex-Im Bank. For dec-ades, the Export-Import Bank has helped level the playing field for Amer-ican businesses and American workers, and it is past time for politics to stop dictating whether, in fact, the Bank can do its job. The current nominee to the Ex-Im Bank Board—the nominee that would, in fact, provide a quorum—was nomi-nated not by a liberal Democrat, not by the President, but instead was the Republican nominee to the Ex-Im Bank Board. His name is Mark McWatters. His nomination is currently pending in the Senate Banking Committee, and the Senate Banking Committee chair-man has told us in no uncertain terms he will not bring up the McWatters vote in the committee because of his own personal opposition to the Ex-Im Bank. Again, despite the fact that 64 Republican and Democratic Senators, along with 70 percent of the Represent-atives in the House of Representatives, voted last year to reauthorize the Ex- Im Bank. If we do not take this step—if we do not, in fact, get the Bank up and run-ning—we will continue to do what we have been talking about, which is pink- slipping the American manufacturing workers. So here we are today to recommend that this body take action so that no more workers—no more hard-working manufacturing Americans—are pre-vented from doing their job and are given pink slips and laid off. When we look at where we were last year and the challenges that we had, we had an all-out debate. A lot of peo-ple say there wasn’t a debate on this; we didn’t get a chance to air our griev-ances. That is strictly nonsense. We fought this issue very hard, had many, many floor debates, many, many floor discussions about this, and at the end of the day, the vast majority of this body voted to reauthorize and put the Ex-Im Bank back to work. So why are we in the spot we are in today? Because we cannot do any cred-it over $10 million without approval of a bank board. It cannot be done unilat-erally. As a result, many, many cred-its—in fact, $2 billion worth of activ-ity—are pending in the pipeline at the Ex-Im Bank. When we look at many of the big companies across this country, a lot of times people will say ‘‘Well, that is just about this company or that com-pany’’; fill in whatever big name cor-poration you want to. But the bottom line is this isn’t just about those com-panies; it is about a supply chain that goes all the way down States as small as North Dakota. If you look at Boeing, for instance, and you look at what the impact is on Boeing and what that means for our producers, Boeing currently has 16 sup-pliers in North Dakota, which will lose out—not just could lose out but will lose out—if Boeing doesn’t get enough support from the Ex-Im Bank to sus-tain its operations and to continue to produce its planes with American workers. Today I bring this wheel loader to the floor of the Senate, and I do that because this demonstrates the effect that this lack of activity on this nomi-nation will have on Case New Holland in my State. Case New Holland has a dealer in New Jersey called Hoffman Equipment that has secured an $80 million deal with the country of Cameroon. The only way Cameroon can afford this deal is if they use Ex-Im financing. If the deal doesn’t go through, facilities in three States will lose. So who are those? Take today North Dakota, where we produce these wheel loaders in Fargo. The great irony of this is that as we have been challenged in our agriculture economy and agriculture manufac-turing, guess what. Agriculture manu-facturing is down, in part because we stimulated a lot of purchases back when the economy was good in farm country. But I will tell you that 70 peo-ple just in the last couple of weeks have been laid off at Case in Fargo. Think of what is going to happen if we lose this sale. Think of what will happen to workers in Iowa if they lose the sale for the backhoes that are pro-duced in Iowa by Case. Think about what is going to happen in Kansas if we lose the skid steer portion of that Cam-eroon sale. I will tell you every day we are losing jobs because of the inability of the Ex- Im Bank to do its job in promoting and guaranteeing that American manufac-tured products find their way into the global marketplace. GE announced in June that it will re-ceive financing from the French export credit agency to support exports that will be made in France now rather than the United States. So the French credit export agency will be providing an ad-ditional line of credit for gas turbines that will be produced not in the United States but will be produced in France and exported to countries such as Saudi Arabia, Mexico, and Brazil. As a result, GE will invest $40 million in the French economy instead of investing $40 million in the American economy. Do we know what that means? That means when we look at these jobs—just translate $40 million, and we recognize a lot of that is input costs, but one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.043 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4697 June 29, 2016 
the major input costs in all of this is American workers. How can we stand by and let this happen? How can we stand by and not fight for these jobs for American manufacturers? There is no way we can come to the floor and say we are for the American worker and not be for the Export-Import Bank. No way can we come to the floor and say we are for global competition that will put the best products into the market-place, which are American products, and not move the Bank forward. I am going to yield to my friend from the State of Washington or yield to my friend from the great State of Iowa. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I wanted to ask the Senator from North Dakota a question, if I could. I see she has been out here with an actual dis-play. It is quite amazing that we have to go to this level to bring up an issue about jobs in our economy, but I ad-mire the dedication of the Senator from North Dakota in saying how im-portant it is because we are about to go home for another summer recess here in a few weeks and everybody thought last year we were passing legislation that was going to secure America’s place in a global economy by making sure that products we make can be sold in overseas markets. The secret is, though, that there are now 30 transactions worth more than $20 billion that aren’t getting done simply because one Senator refuses to let a nominee out of the committee. So one Senator is holding up the sale of a product of which Senator H
EITKAMP  has a replica on her desk. They are holding up the sale of airplanes, and they are holding up the sale of other products all because they don’t want to have a functioning board. We are here to ask our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to help us break this log-jam so we can sell export products. I was curious to ask the Senator from North Dakota because she was mentioning how these transactions are happening now; that is, people are de-ciding to move. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a New York Times article entitled ‘‘A Single Senator Stymies the Export-Im-port Bank.’’ It says that about 2 weeks ago, GE was making an announcement that they were going to expand manufac-turing in France rather than in South Carolina, how they were investing in the Czech Republic instead of in Texas, and that jobs in South Carolina, Maine, and New York were also getting trans-ferred to other countries. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, June 27, 2016] A S
INGLE A SENATOR STYMIES THE EXPORT - I
MPORT BANK (By Jackie Calmes) W
ASHINGTON .—Thursday is an ignominious anniversary for the government agency that helps finance foreigners’ purchases of Amer-ican exports. Thanks to a single senator, it has been a full year since the 82-year-old Ex-port-Import Bank could approve deals ex-ceeding $10 million, a limit that rules out high-dollar deals on airplanes, power genera-tors, heavy equipment and nuclear reactors. More than 30 transactions worth more than $20 billion to American businesses are stuck awaiting assistance for their buyers, in the so far vain hope that Senator Richard Shelby, Republican of Alabama and once a bank supporter, will end his power play and allow the agency to fully function. In turn, giants like General Electric and Boeing are shifting more operations and jobs abroad. Other nations’ export-credit agencies are ‘‘rolling out the red carpet,’’ said John G. Rice, the G.E. vice chairman. Last June 30, the so-called Ex-Im Bank two blocks from the White House closed its door to all new business after a faction of conserv-ative Republicans, denouncing ‘‘corporate welfare,’’ blocked renewal of its charter. In December, the bank’s bipartisan sup-porters in Congress secured the agency’s re-opening, only to watch Mr. Shelby play what has proved to be a very strong hand. As chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, he bottled up President Obama’s nomination of a third member for the bank’s five-person board. Only the board can approve trans-actions of more than $10 million; without a quorum of three it cannot. The resulting seven-month impasse reflects both the long-standing power of a single senator to block action in that institution, and the more re-cent ascendance in the Republican Party of conservative populists—hostile to all things big, business and government—over once- dominant pro-business types. ‘‘It’s very troubling to me, and I think a lot of others, that one person can hijack a process and keep the export credit agency from functioning in the United States when two-thirds of Congress support it,’’ Mr. Rice said. Two weeks ago, G.E. announced it would expand manufacturing of gas turbines in France rather than Greenville, S.C., in re-turn for French export financing for sales in countries including Saudi Arabia, Brazil and Mexico. Last September, G.E. announced a flurry of moves: creating up to 1,000 jobs in the Czech Republic to produce turboprop aircraft engines; shifting 500 power-project jobs from Texas, South Carolina, Maine and New York to France, Hungary and China; promising 1,000 energy-sector jobs in Britain, whose ex-port bank will finance up to $12 billion in G.E. sales to Brazil, Ghana, India and Mo-zambique; and relocating 350 engine manu-facturing jobs from Waukesha, Wis., to a new factory in Canada. ‘‘Is it going to put G.E. out of business? Absolutely not,’’ Mr. Rice said. ‘‘We can go to a plant in France, or a plant in Switzerland and Germany.’’ But, he added, ‘‘A lot of our suppliers can’t come with us.’’ Boeing is working with Britain’s agency to finance airplane purchases for unspecified customers, on the condition that Boeing use Rolls-Royce engines. A company based in Bermuda canceled a contract for satellites, a company in Singapore declined Boeing’s bids to sell satellites and Ethiopian Airlines wrote the manufacturer that the lack of Ex- Im Bank financing threatened ‘‘our ability to purchase Boeing aircraft in the future.’’ Mr. Shelby was unavailable over several days to discuss the issue, a spokeswoman said. She instead provided a statement that the senator ‘‘believes that his actions are in the best interest of the American taxpayer.’’ ‘‘Nearly 99 percent of all American exports are financed without the Ex-Im Bank,’’ it said, ‘‘which demonstrates that the bank is more about corporate welfare than advanc-ing our economy.’’ The bank makes money, through proceeds from its loans and insur-ance lines, but conservatives cite the risks to taxpayers. The bank’s chairman, Fred P. Hochberg, said he had not talked with Mr. Shelby all year, adding, ‘‘In Washington, not returning a call is an art form.’’ The Ex-Im Bank was created during the Depression as a lender of last resort for ex-porters’ foreign customers that cannot get commercial loans. More than 60 countries followed the United States’ lead. China’s ex-port credit operation is by far the largest. By one measure, the lack of a quorum at the American bank would not seem a prob-lem. In recent years, about 98 percent of ap-plications for help have been for loans under $10 million. But in dollar terms, two-thirds of all assistance has gone for deals exceeding that amount, mostly for customers of big- item manufacturers like Boeing, G.E., Cater-pillar, Westinghouse and John Deere. The bank’s backlog of 30 transactions does not even count a multibillion-dollar deal for Westinghouse to build six nuclear reactors in India that was announced this month by President Obama and India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi. That, too, will need a func-tioning Ex-Im. ‘‘We will certainly need a quorum at the bank for the project’s completion,’’ said Courtney A. Boone, a Westinghouse spokes-woman. Especially in the developing world, some countries require that exporters bidding for sales have backing from an export credit agency. So some American companies are seeking or accepting support from foreign agencies, which in turn require bidders to create jobs in their countries. Boeing did win a contract with VietJet for 100 American- made aircraft, a deal announced during Mr. Obama’s visit to Vietnam in May. Financing will be arranged closer to delivery, leaving open the question of whether the Ex-Im Bank will help. Foreign carriers like VietJet ‘‘continue to believe that the United States wouldn’t be so foolish as to dismantle its Export-Import Bank,’’ said Tim D. Neale, a Boeing spokes-man. ‘‘But the other issue is to what degree does this have a chilling effect on ongoing sales campaigns for future deliveries?’’ Also in May, a Boeing official at its facility in Alabama publicly criticized Mr. Shelby, say-ing he was putting local jobs and suppliers at risk. Mr. Shelby has stood firm, endearing him to conservative anti-government groups cru-sading to close the bank—and known to spend freely against politicians who cross them. Their blessing was especially impor-tant to the senator as he faced a conserv-ative challenger in Alabama’s March Repub-lican primary. Mr. Shelby suggested to col-leagues and reporters that he would let his committee act on the Ex-Im board nominee afterward. ‘‘He said, ‘I can’t do this before the primary,’’’ said Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the senior Democrat on the banking committee. ‘‘We took that to mean he’d do it after he won his primary.’’ Yet Mr. Shelby continues to block Senate confirmation of J. Mark McWatters, for-merly an aide to the Republican chairman of the House banking committee. Senate Democrats recently tried to force a Senate vote, bypassing Mr. Shelby’s com-mittee, but they needed the Senate’s unani-mous consent. Mr. Shelby objected, without further word. ‘‘This is old school politics, right?—‘I’m the chairman and I can de-cide,’’’ said Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Demo-crat of North Dakota. She added, ‘‘I don’t go to bed worrying about the executives at Boeing or G.E., be-cause guess what? They have options. The American worker doesn’t have options.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.024 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4698 June 29, 2016 
Ms. CANTWELL. The whole point of the export credit agency is to give U.S. manufacturers the credit. My point is that these products are agriculture based. If the Senator from North Dakota could explain, these aren’t agricultural manufacturing products, but she is saying that there are also large-scale U.S. manufacturing products out of agriculture that also are not getting credit financing? Ms. HEITKAMP. Absolutely, and if we don’t move with haste, if we don’t supply on time, we won’t get the busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator from North Dakota has expired. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, do I have time reserved in the consent agreement? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington has 10 minutes. Ms. CANTWELL. I yield whatever time for our discussion to continue of that 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Why I think it is ab-solutely critically important to make this point, not just about what we produce but who produces it, is because at the end of the day, 95 percent of all potential consumers do not live in this country, and America still remains the best and most treasured producer of quality construction equipment in the world. These are jobs that have helped my manufacturing sector that is dependent on agriculture, which has huge chal-lenges right now. If we can’t produce tractors that farmers are going to buy, we can produce construction equip-ment that everyone can buy to build infrastructure in their countries. There is a narrow view in this Congress, but 67 Senators voted to open up the Ex-port-Import Bank and over 70 percent of the House of Representatives said: This is nonsense; let’s open up the Ex-port-Import Bank. Yet we are unable to do it because credit over $10 million cannot be moved forward without the approval of the Bank Board, and the Bank Board cannot operate without a quorum. That is the bottom line. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I wish to ask the Senator from North Dakota just one more question, be-cause I want to make sure she con-tinues to make her point and I know we have a colleague waiting. Aren’t we here right now today to ask our col-leagues that when we come back after July 4 and we have 2 weeks, we dedi-cate ourselves to this? It is not every day that the Senate can be involved in an activity that cre-ates so much economic value—$20 bil-lion in job creation—but we can get this done. So we are here asking our colleagues to step up and help us re-solve this issue in whatever way pos-sible. If someone doesn’t want to let a nominee out of committee because they made a promise to somebody, that is fine. Let’s put language somewhere in a product that is moving. We can look at the FAA bill. We can look at anything. But to go home for the re-cess, all the way through the month of August—leaving those farmers without economic closure to a deal that has been inked, to a sale that has been made, to jobs that are being created— because you won’t let somebody have an operating majority on a board seems like a very drastic step. Is that why the Senator from North Dakota is here, to ask our colleagues to step up to the plate and help us resolve this be-fore the July recess? Ms. HEITKAMP. I thank Senator C
ANTWELL . That is why I am here. But I am also here to ask my colleagues to be empathetic, to understand what it would feel like if you were employed in a gas turbine business in one of the Carolinas and that business went to France because we couldn’t figure out how to open up the Bank. How would you feel? I think it is so important to not just reflect on our trade deficit but on the imperative of building our manufac-turing base and our export base. If that is not enough of an economic argu-ment, let’s look at the microargument. Let’s look at what is happening to American families because we aren’t getting our job done here. So, as I said before, I don’t go to bed worrying about the executives at GE or Boeing because they have options and they are exercising those options. Those options include moving to Canada and France. The American worker is not going to be moving to France to take those jobs. That American worker is getting a pink slip, and that is wrong. That is wrong in so many ways. So I thank Senator C
ANTWELL for her steadfast and absolute commitment to opening up the Bank. I think every-body should have a moment of personal reflection, not just on the economics of this but on the impact this is having on literally thousands of American families. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I want to share my concerns about the Puerto Rico legislation we’re consid-ering. I’ve been involved with this issue for quite a while now. This past December I chaired a hearing in the Judiciary Committee to examine the root cause of Puerto Rico’s fiscal problems. At the hearing we learned that even when Puerto Rico’s economy took a down-turn, government spending did not. Instead of making difficult decisions to cut spending and balance its budget, the government kept borrowing to fi-nance its operations, using tax-exempt bonds to roll over debt. As a result, Puerto Rico now has one of the largest government deficits in the United States, and debt we’re told isn’t pay-able and must be restructured. As many of you know, a wide array of investors own Puerto Rican bonds, which are issued by roughly 17 dif-ferent entities. According to Bloomberg, Puerto Ricans themselves hold $20 billion of the debt. Nearly 60 percent of Puerto Rico’s debt is held largely in the individual retirement accounts and 401(k)’s of reg-ular folks throughout the U.S. In fact, over 17,000 Iowans are invested in mu-tual funds containing at least one type of Puerto Rican bonds. These folks aren’t vultures. They are middle-class taxpayers who invested their hard-earned money into one of the many tax-exempt municipal bond funds containing Puerto Rico’s bonds. Why should they be forced by Con-gress to bailout Puerto Rico’s govern-ment and pension obligations? The an-swer is they shouldn’t, but unfortu-nately, there is no guarantee that these hardworking folks’ investments, whether in Iowa or elsewhere, won’t be haircut in order to fund pension obliga-tions or Christmas bonuses for public workers in Puerto Rico. This didn’t have to be the case. At our December hearing I stated two principles that have guided me as this issue has progressed. First principle, any inclusion of debt restructuring or bankruptcy should occur only at the end of the line, as a tool of last resort. Otherwise the con-trol board will face too great of a temp-tation to use bankruptcy to balance the budget, as opposed to imple-menting all available means to in-crease and collect revenues, while re-ducing expenses within government. Second principle, it would be a bad idea for Congress to permit Puerto Rico to walk away from its constitu-tional debt obligations through what some call an unprecedented super chap-ter 9 bankruptcy. In fact, I received a letter from Gov-ernor Branstad of Iowa stating that granting Puerto Rico such authority ‘‘would set a dangerous precedent and likely raise the borrowing costs for States and municipalities across the nation, which would reduce our ability to invest in vital services and erode in-vestor confidence in the whole notion of ‘full faith and credit’ debt.’’ Unfortunately, the House bill fails to meet the two principles I have outlined above. First, the bill operates under the presumption that the only way to balance the budget is to restructure debt. This means that the oversight board will have more flexibility to avoid making difficult fiscal reforms to bal-ance the budget, because the debt can simply be restructured. In fact, one of the oversight board’s first responsibilities is to create a fis-cal plan that ‘‘provides adequate fund-ing for public pension systems’’ and in-cludes a ‘‘debt sustainability analysis.’’ Neither of these terms are defined. The oversight board may very well read these terms as permitting full funding of pensions, while only funding ‘‘sus-tainable levels of debt service.’’ Not surprisingly, this is exactly what the Obama administration seeks to ac-complish: protecting pensions at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.026 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4699 June 29, 2016 
expense of other retirees. The effect this bill has for retirees in Iowa and elsewhere is that they must place their trust in an oversight board to act cou-rageously and make hard decisions, lest they find themselves bailing out Puerto Rico’s government. Second, no matter what the House bill calls it, title III’s debt restruc-turing authority, which allows for the restructuring of debt that is issued or guaranteed by Puerto Rico, is super chapter 9. Investors and the municipal bond market have treated Puerto Rico like a State. Granting Puerto Rico the au-thority to restructure ‘‘state-like’’ ob-ligations will be viewed as precedent for giving a State similar authority. Of course, no State is going to ask to be covered by the House bill. Rather, they will say if a territory can receive un-precedented authority from Congress, then why shouldn’t a State? Illinois is watching this issue very closely. Moreover, by creating this new au-thority Congress has invited material litigation risk. Worst case, should the law be found unconstitutional under the Takings Clause, then the Federal government would be liable for money damages— the very definition of a bailout. And in-creased litigation will cause uncer-tainty, which is the last thing needed in Puerto Rico, making it impossible for Puerto Rico to access the capital market for years. If that occurs, then mark my words, sooner or later we’ll be considering whether to provide direct federal finan-cial assistance to Puerto Rico, despite the claims that this bill doesn’t result in a taxpayer bailout. And given that Puerto Rico has failed to provide Congress with accu-rate financial information regarding their fiscal crisis, this unprecedented and risky authority appears both un-necessary and unjustified. Given the bill’s failure to satisfy the two requirements I have laid out, which unduly harm retirees in my State, and more importantly, while also setting bad precedent, I can’t sup-port this bill. Perhaps my concerns will be proven wrong and the bill will work perfectly. But it’s been my experience that bad facts make for bad law. Unfortunately, I fear we are simply pushing this problem down the road and have failed to address the root cause of Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis at the expense of uncalled for risks and precedent. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 4:40 p.m., with the time dur-ing the recess being charged to the Re-publican side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate, at 4:20 p.m., recessed until 4:40 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. GARDNER ). 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. (The remarks of Mr. A
LEXANDER and Mr. C
ORKER are printed in today’s R
ECORD during consideration of S. Res. 516.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. (The remarks of Mr. V
ITTER per-taining to the introduction of S. 3120 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. VITTER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Texas. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, about 24 hours ago our Democratic friends fili-bustered an appropriations bill for $1.1 billion that they themselves had said was an emergency, denying mothers pregnant with babies potentially like this one depicted here from suffering the devastating birth defects associ-ated with microcephaly. You can see the shrunken skull associated with a shrunken brain—a devastating impact. This is the principal danger of the Zika virus, which heretofore had been lim-ited to South America and Central America, places like Puerto Rico, sadly, and Haiti. The mosquito that carries this virus is native to Texas, Louisiana, Florida, and the southern most parts of the United States. So far the only cases—save one recently in Florida—of infection from the Zika virus have been from people who trav-eled to those regions and then returned to the United States. As I said, it ap-pears there has been one reported case in Florida that has been contracted on the mainland of the United States. I simply do not understand how the Democratic leader from Nevada and his colleagues could turn this public health crisis into a political circus. When a pregnant woman contracts Zika, it can cause microcephaly like this. Of course, you can imagine, even if you are just a woman of childbearing age, the possibility that you might contract Zika—not knowing how long that virus remains in your body— would cause tremendous anxiety. You can imagine what this devastating birth defect does not only to the baby involved but to the families who must necessarily support them. This condition is tragic. It can cause seizures, intellectual disabilities, hear-ing and vision problems, and develop-mental delays, and of course a pre-mature death. That is the kind of life that awaits these children and the fam-ilies of children born with microcephaly if they are fortunate enough to survive. As I mentioned yes-terday, it was reported that a child with microcephaly was born in Florida. In this case, I stand corrected. That was not as a result of a mosquito bite in the United States, but rather the mother contracted the virus while in Haiti and traveled back to her home in Florida. The simple point is, this is playing with fire. It was just a few weeks ago, actually May 23, 2016, when the Demo-cratic leader insisted we immediately fund the President’s request of $1.9 bil-lion in emergency funding. He said: Instead of gambling with the health and safety of millions of Americans, Republicans should give our Nation the money it needs to fight Zika and they should do it now. Not next month, not in the fall—now. 
I think the urgency Senator R EIDwas expressing was felt by all of us, but we know there is a right way and a wrong way to appropriate money in the U.S. Congress. We have to pass legislation in the Senate, we have to pass legisla-tion in the House, and then we have to come together in a conference com-mittee to reconcile those differences. It is the conference report that is the product of a negotiation between the House and the Senate that funded this effort at the level that actually passed the Senate just a few short weeks ago. Every single one of our Democratic friends voted for funding the Zika cri-sis at $1.1 billion. Yet yesterday, all but I believe one of our Democratic colleagues then voted against the very funding they said was an emergency back at the end of May. We know given the warmer weather in the southernmost part of the United States and the fact that the mosquito that carries this virus is native to the southern part of the United States—we know this risk is on our doorstep, and it is really shameful our Democratic colleagues put politics ahead of sound public policy. Here are some of the excuses they gave, and none of them withstand any sort of scrutiny. First of all, they said: Well, this doesn’t provide enough money, even though all of them voted for funding at this level of $1.1 billion. They know that if in fact the public health needs in the country are significant enough that more funding is necessary, there will be an opportunity at some point, after due deliberation and discussion and appreciation for the nature of the problem and what the proper response would be for us to act again—but they already voted for funding at this level. The next bogus argument is that this is somehow an attack on women’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.003 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4700 June 29, 2016 
health; specifically, on Planned Par-enthood. The fact is, there is not a word of Planned Parenthood in this bill. You will look in vain for the word ‘‘Planned Parenthood’’ because it is simply not there. What the Appropria-tions Committee decided to do and what the Senate and House working to-gether decided was to direct funding for contraceptive birth control pur-poses to community health centers. It didn’t exclude Planned Parenthood. In fact, if you are a Medicaid beneficiary, Planned Parenthood is a Medicaid pro-vider and you can get those services provided at Planned Parenthood. The other bogus argument is some-how there are environmental protec-tion concerns. Well, the very virus that causes this terribly devastating birth defect is carried by mosquitoes. Why in the world would our colleagues across the aisle interfere with efforts to try to kill more mosquitoes before they cause this sort of devastating birth defect? This legislation doesn’t erode environ-mental protections. It provides tar-geted regulatory relief to combat mos-quitoes that carry this virus for a short period of time by making more insecti-cides available to public health offi-cials like those in Houston I visited with recently who said part of their frontline effort to combat this virus is to kill mosquitoes, and it has informed the public that if you have pooling water in a flower bed or somewhere that can be a breeding ground for mos-quitoes, you need to be attentive to that and eliminate that place where mosquitoes can breed and propagate. So there is simply no good reason to deny funding to mothers who are wor-ried about the possibility that they may contract the Zika virus that re-sults in the devastating birth defects like that exhibited by Laura here. That is her name, Laura. She is 3 months old. I hope when we come back next week, as the majority leader has said, the Democratic colleagues who voted against this emergency funding bill they so ardently had insisted upon for so long will have another chance to vote. I hope in the interim our friends across the aisle will search their souls—really their consciences—and they will have maybe a little twinge of regret for having voted to deny the funding for development of a vaccine and insect control and for research so we can learn more about this virus so we can learn how to combat it more ef-fectively. That is what they denied us yesterday. That is what they denied women like Laura’s mother who need this money so this doesn’t happen to anybody else’s child. Mr. President, in just a few moments, we are going to have a chance to vote on a fiscally responsible bill to help Puerto Rico better take care of its economy. We know the government of Puerto Rico has gotten themselves into an impossible situation—$70 billion of debt that its government can’t repay. We can all think about reasons they shouldn’t have done that, and obvi-ously it is fiscally responsible to do so, but they are in dire financial trouble, and they are going to have some $2 bil-lion of payments they owe on July 1 to avoid defaulting on the debt. I have been here long enough to know what happens when there is a fiscal cri-sis, and Puerto Rico is after all part of the United States. Puerto Ricans are American citizens. I have been here long enough to know that in an emer-gency setting with a fiscal financial crisis, one of the first things that hap-pens is people will come to Congress and say: Can you provide a bailout—a bailout using taxpayer dollars. Well, a good thing—maybe the best thing— about the legislation we are getting ready to pass, which passed in the House of Representatives, is that not one penny of tax dollars is going to be used to deal with this financial crisis in Puerto Rico. You can look at the Congressional Budget Office score. They scored zero in terms of expendi-ture of tax dollars for bailing out Puer-to Rico. Some of us have seen ads on tele-vision that claim this bill is a bailout. Those are run by the very hedge funds that enjoyed the profits from investing in Puerto Rican bonds that are going to take a haircut because of the re-structuring of that debt. Of course they are going to try to discourage us from trying to do anything about it, but we shouldn’t listen to the hedge funds on Wall Street and the people who have gotten rich investing in these risky bonds. We ought to do right by all American taxpayers and make sure they are protected from a run on the Treasury by passing this legislation. As we know, this legislation would es-tablish a Federal oversight board that would help to restructure their debt and going forward help them get on a fiscally responsible path because what our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico need most is an economy that is growing, creating jobs and opportunities so peo-ple can live where they were born, if they want to. They can stay there. Many of them have been leaving the is-land for some time because, frankly, it has turned into a fiscal and health-re-lated nightmare. I am glad we advanced this bill a lit-tle bit earlier today. We need to pass it and get it to the President’s desk. I re-alize it is not perfect. I know many of us wish we had an opportunity to offer amendments and constructive sugges-tions, but given the timing for both the deadline for default on July 1 and the fact that we did not get this bill from the House until recently, we are on this constrained timeline, which makes it hard, if not impossible, to offer addi-tional amendments, but it is important we pass this legislation and get our work done. We will have a chance to vote on three matters. We will have an effort by the Senator from New Jersey to tear down the so-called amendment tree so he can offer some additional amendments. Those amendments are measures such as eliminating some of the protections that I think are nec-essary to make this bill a better bill. Then we are going to have a budget point of order. I talked to the chairman of the Budget Committee. He said the budget point of order is a technicality because it has more to do with jurisdic-tional matters and not the fact that it busts the budget. In fact, this bill doesn’t spend a penny—net—of Federal taxpayer dollars. Finally, we will have a chance to vote on final passage and then get it up to the President’s desk. I hope our colleagues will work with us. We had 68 votes on the earlier vote earlier today. I hope we will have a big vote in favor of fiscal responsibility, in favor of legislation that would avoid the potential for a taxpayer bailout, and demonstrate that we can simply work together on a bipartisan basis to pass good legislation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
BRIAN KULESKI AND AMALIE ZEITOUN  
Mr. CARPER. Good afternoon, Mr. President. For more than a year now, I have come to the Senate floor on a pretty regular basis. One of our colleagues sit-ting here I think is the Presiding Offi-cer’s relief, and he has heard me come and talk about some of the great work that is being done by some of the 225,000 men and women who work for us at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. As you know, the Department of Homeland Security is made up of some 22 component agencies, has more than 220,000 employees all over the world. These men and women perform some of the toughest jobs in the Federal work-force, including from stopping drugs from crossing our borders to protecting our cyber networks from hackers, to securing nuclear and radiological ma-terials. The Department of Homeland Security has a diverse, complex, and difficult mission. In fact, they have a lot of really tough missions. Each and every day tens of thousands of Depart-ment of Homeland Security employees work quietly and diligently behind the scenes to achieve their mission which, at its core, is helping to keep 300 mil-lion of us in this country safe as we go about our daily lives. One of the smaller teams within the Department of Homeland Security— and one that punches above its weight—is called the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. Let me say that again. It is not one we heard of very much. It is called the Domestic Nu-clear Detection Office. As you might imagine, we have an acronym for them. It is called D-N-D-O, but I am not going to use that acronym today because I don’t like acronyms, especially ones that are rarely used. The Domestic Nu-clear Detection Office has a staff of only 125 people out of the 220,000 that make up DHS, but they are responsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.031 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4701 June 29, 2016 
for keeping all of us safe from the threats posed by radiological and nu-clear materials. From tracking known radioactive materials to supplying detection equip-ment to Federal, State, and local law enforcement, to conducting research and building better detection tech-nologies, the men and women at this office play an integral role in our Na-tion’s effort to, No. 1, detect radio-logical materials and, No. 2, to keep them from falling into the wrong hands. Very shortly we will see to my left some images of just a few of the tech-nologies that are used at this agency and also a few of the employees who work there as they try to detect and track some of the most dangerous ma-terials that are known to mankind. On the top half of this poster, we will see a couple of images. One is a field agent who is using mobile detectors mounted on a jeep to determine if a substance is radioactive or not. The other shows ra-diation portal monitors. These are right over here. Some of you have been to our border. At the border crossings between this country and others, you will see them, and you will see them at our ports too. The second image is the radiation portal monitor, these tall yellow posts that are stationed at the ports of entry and exits that can passively scan. They can scan cars, they can scan trucks, and they can even scan shipping con-tainers as they pass through between those tall yellow posts at our borders. The men and women at the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office are charged with detecting and reporting unauthor-ized attempts to import, possess, store, develop, or transport nuclear or radio-logical material. They rely heavily on strong partnerships with local, State, Federal, and tribal law enforcement to achieve this mission. They act as a force multiplier as they equip thou-sands on the frontlines with the re-sources and with the knowledge they need to protect our communities from nuclear and radiological threats. One of the individuals who takes on this task every day is a fellow named Brian Kuleski. As an operational sup-port program analyst, Brian oversees detection operations in eight States and one U.S. territory. Brian Kuleski makes sure that first responders have the training to coordi-nate and carry out detection oper-ations, whether at a major event or in a sudden emergency. Through regular training, exercises, and strategic plan-ning, Brian Kuleski gives our first re-sponders the tools they need to protect some of our most vulnerable areas from the threat of nuclear materials. Before joining the Department of Homeland Security, Brian worked for the Florida Department of Transpor-tation as a State police officer. In that role he was supporting to detect and track radiological materials through-out his State. He conducted radio-logical and nuclear detection oper-ations at over 18 large-scale events, in-cluding the 2009 Super Bowl, the 2008 World Series, and the 2008 Republican Governors Association conference. Throughout Brian’s career, he has earned the respect of his colleagues and is recognized as an authority on radio-logical and nuclear detection. Through his thoughtful leadership and, I am told, a little bit of humor along the way, Brian has helped Federal agencies and State and local law enforcement work together as one team to protect against terrorist attacks. To Brian and to his team, we want to say a very big thank you today and every day. While Brian and his team are hard at work tracking nuclear material and stopping it before it enters our borders, others within the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office are working to track the sources of these materials so they can cut off the pipeline before it ever becomes a threat in the United States. When Brian or anyone in the Federal Government detects and confiscates nuclear materials, they are delivered to the National Technical Nuclear Fo-rensic Center at this agency. The ex-perts there use advanced technologies to break down and analyze the origins of nuclear and radiological materials. In the bottom half of these images to my left, you can see some of the so-phisticated technologies in these two frames right here. We can see some of the sophisticated technologies that we need to analyze the materials and track their sources. By the way, oper-ating this state-of-the-art scientific equipment and instruments requires years of training and education. With the right information, employ-ees of this office can track materials to their source, find out who produced those materials, and arrest the crimi-nals who buy, sell, or transport them. This is an essential part of our ef-forts to keep nuclear and radiological materials away from terrorists whom we know would like to use them in an attack against our country. One Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice employee charged with making sure that we are the best in the world at tracing the origins of nuclear mate-rial is Amalie Zeitoun. Amalie serves as a program analyst with the National Technical Nuclear Forensic Center, overseeing nine university and Na-tional Laboratory initiatives. Amalie is responsible for hiring the best and the brightest in the field of nuclear forensics. Since 2008, Amalie has hired 42 Ph.D.s for our nuclear forensics work-force. These individuals work every day to improve our technologies and to help us track down the sources of these dangerous materials. Her continued work will ensure that we continue to attract and retain some of the top sci-entists in the world. Partnering with our detection ex-perts in the field, like Brian and his team, the forensics experts hired by Amalie help State and local law en-forcement track down and bring to jus-tice those who seek to traffic nuclear material and sell it to criminals and to terrorists. Without Amalie’s efforts to keep our technology and expertise moving in the right direction, detection experts in the field, such as Brian, and countless first responders and law enforcement personnel across our country would have a lot more material to track and a much harder job ensuring the safety of our communities. Amalie’s colleagues describe her as the ultimate team player. She works tirelessly to bring together govern-ment agencies in the academic commu-nity to make sure we are the best in the world at tracking nuclear material. She is intently focused on maintaining our abilities and reaching the goals set for her program, knowing that failure to reach them will make it much more difficult for Brian to achieve his goals. As a country, it is to our benefit that many say Amalie rarely takes no for an answer. Both Brian and Amalie are the ulti-mate team players. With just 125 em-ployees, the Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion Office can’t be everywhere at once. It requires everyone—Federal agencies, State and local law enforcement, emer-gency planners, and even the academic and scientific community. Together we can do more with less, continuously improving our training and equipment, and staying one giant leap ahead of the bad guys who seek to use these mate-rials to harm Americans here at home. To Brian, to Amalie, to all of the folks with whom they work at the Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office and to everyone around the country who helps detect and track nuclear and radio-logical materials, we thank each of you. We thank the members of your team, and we thank you for coming to-gether to keep the rest of us safe. To all of you, we say thanks, and God bless. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I yield back all our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All ma-jority time is yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I yield back all the minority time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has been yielded back. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 4865 
Under the previous order, the ques-tion is on agreeing to the motion to table the motion to concur with amendment No. 4865. The yeas and nays have previously been ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.034 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4702 June 29, 2016 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 44, nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 114 Leg.] YEAS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cruz Durbin Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Lankford McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Manchin Warner 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Let’s have every-body stay close to the Chamber be-cause the next three votes are going to be 10 minutes each. I ask unanimous consent that the votes following this vote we just com-pleted be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Under the previous order, the ques-tion is on agreeing to the motion to waive all applicable budget provisions for the motion to concur. The yeas and nays have previously been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 85, nays 13, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 115 Leg.] YEAS—85 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—13 
Baldwin Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Perdue Sanders Tester Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Manchin Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 85, the nays are 13. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is yielded back. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 4865 
WITHDRAWN  
Under the previous order, the motion to concur with an amendment is with-drawn. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR  
The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 2328. Mr. THUNE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 68, nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 116 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Burr Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Donnelly Durbin Enzi Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Murphy Nelson Paul Peters Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Thune Toomey Udall Vitter Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—30 
Baldwin Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cotton Cruz Daines Ernst Grassley Heller Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murray Perdue Portman Sanders Sasse Scott Shelby Tester Tillis Warren Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Manchin Warner 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
STOP DANGEROUS SANCTUARY CITIES ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 531, S. 3100. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 531, S. 3100, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal of-ficials to protect our communities from vio-lent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 531, S. 3100, a bill to ensure that State and local law en-forcement may cooperate with Federal offi-cials to protect our communities from vio-lent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, Thad Coch-ran, Jerry Moran, John Thune, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Orrin G. Hatch, Daniel Coats, Pat Roberts, John Bar-rasso, Bill Cassidy, Patrick J. Toomey, John Boozman, John Cornyn. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I withdraw the motion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is withdrawn. 
f 
STOP ILLEGAL REENTRY ACT— MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 276, S. 2193. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.035 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4703 June 29, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 276, S. 2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase penalties for in-dividuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 276, S. 2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to increase penalties for individ-uals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, David Perdue, Pat Roberts, John Thune, Dan Sullivan, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Steve Daines, Jeff Sessions, John Barrasso, John Boozman, Richard Burr, Mike Lee, Tim Scott, Deb Fisch-er, Joni Ernst. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I withdraw the motion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is withdrawn. 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask the Chair to lay before the body the message to ac-company S. 764. Mr. SANDERS addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Reserving the right to object, I have a parliamentary in-quiry. Is one of the acts in this overall bill entitled the Defund Planned Parent-hood Act of 2015? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know that was a parliamentary inquiry. Mr. SANDERS. Excuse me, I would like an answer to my question, please. Regular order. I asked the question. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Defund Planned Parenthood Act is part of the House message to the Senate. Mr. SANDERS. In other words, sir, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 is part of the legislation we are voting on; is that correct? Yes? No? Maybe? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Would the Senator please restate his inquiry? Mr. SANDERS. Yes. Is it possible that, as part of the legislation that the Senator from Kentucky has intro-duced, that there is a title in there called the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015? Is that title in the legislation we are voting on? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The lan-guage in question is part of the House amendment. Mr. SANDERS. Thank you very much. I ask that that language be with-drawn right now. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, would the Senator yield? I think I can clear up his concern. Mr. SANDERS. No, I really won’t yield. My request is that that language be withdrawn now with unanimous consent. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, a par-liamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader has the floor. Mr. SANDERS. I believe I have the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if I may, I think we have explained this to everybody over and over again. Let me try again. The Roberts amendment that I will offer is a complete—a complete—sub-stitute for the underlying language that concerns some of our colleagues on the other side. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, a par-liamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator will state his inquiry. Mr. LEAHY. Parliamentary inquiry: Notwithstanding what the majority leader has said, the legislation he brought up would defund Planned Par-enthood; is that correct, if it was ac-cepted? The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not a judgement for the Parliamen-tarian. Mr. LEAHY. Parliamentary inquiry: Would that be a position for the United States Senate if we were allowed to vote on it? Ms. STABENOW. Parliamentary in-quiry, Mr. President. Mr. LEAHY. Could I get an answer to my parliamentary inquiry? Ms. STABENOW. Excuse me. I am sorry. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Parliamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. If I were to offer the Roberts amendment that will be a complete substitute for the underlying language, would it not alleviate the concern that our colleagues on the other side have? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question before the Senate would be the amendment offered by the majority leader. Mr. LEAHY. Further Parliamentary inquiry, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The House can respond in whatever manner it chooses. Mrs. BOXER. What does that mean? Mr. LEAHY. Parliamentary inquiry, Mr. President: If the majority leader were to withdraw the House bill to defund Planned Parenthood and replace it with the Roberts GMO bill, would the acceptance of that be a debatable motion before the Senate? Not asking how we should vote, but would that be a debatable motion? Mr. MCCONNELL addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Who has the floor? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader has the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. All right. It is my understanding that I don’t have the au-thority to withdraw a House amend-ment. What I am doing here, if our friends and colleagues on the other side will let me, is to offer a complete sub-stitute for that, which is the Roberts amendment, which I think everybody understands the content of. Mr. SCHUMER addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Rob-erts amendment would be the question before the Senate. The House would have to respond to the Senate sub-stitute. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, further Parliamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. If the majority leader were to withdraw the Planned Parent-hood amendment and put in the Rob-erts amendment, which has not been previously debated, would a vote on ac-ceptance of that be a debatable issue? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader may not withdraw House language. He can only propose an amendment to the substitute or concur in that amendment. Those are debat-able questions. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, further parliamentary inquiry. Mr. President, if my friend the ma-jority leader were to be able to do what he has proposed, would the resolution of that matter, then, be a matter of de-bate before the body under the normal Senate of rules? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, the motion to concur is debatable. Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Presiding Officer. Mrs. BOXER. Parliamentary inquiry. Mr. President, Parliamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. BOXER. I just want to under-stand where we are, because there is a lot of angst and discomfort, and I want to say to Senator H
IRONO , who hap-pened to read what we are voting on, which I really appreciate, and called it to our attention—— is it the Presiding Officer’s view, in answer to Senator L
EAHY and Senator S ANDERS , that the Senate has no ability to strike the title called the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 at this time; that we do not have the ability to do this? Could we not do it by unanimous consent or would that not be allowed as well? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate does not strike language; it pro-poses amendments. Mrs. BOXER. So if I were to make a unanimous consent request—further parliamentary—— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.046 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4704 June 29, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Which amendment could be a complete sub-stitute replacing that language. Mrs. BOXER. Even the title? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title amendment is a separate question. Mrs. BOXER. So the title will re-main; is that correct? Even after the majority leader does what he says he is going to do, the title called Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 would remain; is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The short title is part of the amendment. Mrs. BOXER. I am sorry. I am trying to get an answer. I didn’t hear it. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is trying to answer. The short title is part of the amend-ment to the House which the majority leader’s proposed amendment would re-place. Mrs. BOXER. So the title would no longer be in the bill; is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. That de-pends on the action of the House in re-sponse to the Senate amendment on the bill. Mrs. BOXER. So the House is going to determine whether or not to remove this title: ‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015.’’’ I just say to my friends, I don’t know why the majority leader chose to bring up this shell. He could have brought up any other shell. We should vote no on this. Mr. M
CCONNELL addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Regular order has been called for. Is there objection to laying down—— Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry. What is the title of the bill? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the title of the bill. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
S. 764, entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, we have many disputes around here over major issues, but I am perplexed by where we are. What I am trying to do is to offer a complete substitute, the Roberts amendment—and I think everybody un-derstands what that is. I must say I don’t think there is a single person in America who would think any of our colleagues over here would vote to defund Planned Parenthood. We are not trying to trick anybody. We are trying to get to the Roberts amendment, and I am offering a com-plete substitute for a bill with a title that I don’t think sounds particularly offensive from a Democratic point of view. I am perplexed as to what the problem is here. Mr. SCHUMER. Would the majority leader yield for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader has made a motion. The Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Would the majority leader yield for a question? Mr. MCCONNELL. I will be happy to yield to the Senator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. So once the majority leader strikes everything but the title about whatever it was, the words ‘‘Planned Parenthood’’ will not appear in the bill before us at all; is that cor-rect? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Yes. My under-standing is it will not be in there at all. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Majority Leader. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, may I make a further—— Mr. M
CCONNELL. Regular order, Mr. President. Mr. LEAHY. Parliamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on the laying down of the message to accompany S. 764. Mr. LEAHY. Parliamentary inquiry, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader has the floor. Will the majority leader yield for a parliamentary inquiry? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Regular order, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Regular order has been called for. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, would the majority leader yield for a question? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 68, nays 29, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 117 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker NAYS—29 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Cantwell Cardin Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Sullivan Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Durbin Manchin Warner 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate a message from the House of Representatives. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 764) entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes,’’ do pass with an amendment. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill with McConnell (for Roberts) amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill), in the nature of a substitute. McConnell motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
MOTION TO REFER WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I withdraw the motion to refer to the Committee on Commerce. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is withdrawn. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 3450 
WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I withdraw the motion to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 764 with a further amend-ment, No. 3450. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is withdrawn. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 4935 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment to S. 764 with the Roberts substitute amendment that strikes and replaces the House amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 764 with an amendment numbered 4935. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.049 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4705 June 29, 2016 
an amendment to S. 764, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, John Thune, Richard Burr, James M. Inhofe, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso, Thad Cochran, Deb Fischer, Shelley Moore Capito, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, David Perdue, Jerry Moran, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4936 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4935 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-gree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 4936 to amendment No. 4935. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 4937 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to refer the House message on S. 764 to the Com-mittee on Agriculture with instruc-tions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 4937. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message on S. 764 to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition and Forestry with instructions to re-port back forthwith with an amendment numbered 4937. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4938 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-ment to the instructions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 4938 to the instructions of the motion to refer S. 764. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4939 TO AMENDMENT NO . 4938 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-gree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 4939 to amendment No. 4938. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MO-TION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, a bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, an act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, Thad Coch-ran, Jerry Moran, Richard C. Shelby, John Hoeven, Lamar Alexander, Orrin G. Hatch, Daniel Coats, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Bill Cassidy, John Thune, John Boozman, John Cornyn. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls for these cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
FUNERAL OF FREDERICK CHARLES ‘‘BULLDOG ’’ 
BECKER IV  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, last week I had the opportunity to pay tribute to a gentleman by the name of Fred Becker. We knew him lovingly and affectionately as ‘‘Bulldog.’’ He was a veteran and a veterans activist. He passed away on June 11. This past Friday, Bulldog’s remains were interred at Fort Richardson in Anchorage. He occupied a very special place in my heart, so it was important that I be there to attend those services. It was really quite a spectacle. Bulldog was a leader of several veterans motor-cycle groups. So there were more than 100 of his fellow veterans—all on bikes—who accompanied the remains to the final resting place there at Fort Richardson Cemetery. But if that were not special enough, in and of itself, there were several hundred airmen and soldiers—some say 400—that were lined up once you went through the gates there on Fort Richardson. About every 10 feet, there was an airman or a sol-dier for almost 2 miles into where the ceremony was. These individuals were there to pay tribute to a man who every day—every day—worked to show respect to other veterans and worked to ensure that the service and the sac-rifice of those veterans would never be forgotten. So at every ceremony—whether it was Veterans Day or Memorial Day or a salute to the military or to the change of command and at every re-tirement—Bulldog was there. So it was so inspiring to be there and to see the tribute paid to this amazing man. It was Col. Brian Bruckbauer, who is the commander of the 673rd Air Base Wing at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richard-son, who organized this extraordinary tribute, and I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to Colonel Bruckbauer, his fellow lead-ers at JBER, and the soldiers and air-men who came out on Friday after-noon. CELEBRATING TALKEETNA ’S CENTENNIAL  
Mr. President, coming up this next week, on July 4, the historic commu-nity of Talkeetna, AK, which sits just at the base of Denali, will celebrate the 100th anniversary of its founding. Talkeetna sits at the confluence of three glacially fed rivers. Originally settled by the Dena’ina people, it was an important location for fishing and hunting. The name Talkeetna derives from a Dena’ina word which means ‘‘river of plenty.’’ The gold rush of 1896 brought pros-pectors to the area. In 1905, gold was discovered in the Yentna-Cache Creek mining district to the west of town. Sternwheeler riverboats traveling up the Susitna River docked at Talkeetna, establishing the town as a supply cen-ter for the local mining districts. Then came the Alaska Railroad. In 1914, President Wilson signed a law en-abling the construction of the railroad from Seward to Fairbanks. Talkeetna was then designated as the district headquarters for railroad construction, increasing its population by about 400 people at the outset. Then, that grew to 1,000 people at the peak of construc-tion. In December of 1916, the Talkeetna Post Office was opened, which really established it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.051 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4706 June 29, 2016 
By 1923, railroad construction was complete and the population of Talkeetna dropped to only a few dozen people. But the few dozen that stayed were determined to make a go of it. Talkeetna remained a mining supply hub. The railroad deposited a sufficient number of gold miners to support local mining supply businesses. Fast forward to the 1960s. In 1963, as-tronomers declared Talkeetna the best place in the United States to see the total solar eclipse. That brought about 2,000 people into town. The visitors then boarded the train to see what was then called ‘‘Mt. McKinley.’’ In 1964, a spur road was constructed connecting Talkeetna to the newly built Parks Highway, which is the ar-tery connecting Anchorage and Fair-banks to Denali National Park. Sud-denly, Talkeetna was open to road ac-cess. The State of Alaska then sold land for market value to those who wanted to settle in the area. Those who settled in Talkeetna found a steadily growing visitor industry awaiting them. Talkeetna has become a destina-tion for mountaineers from around the world. Today, 1,100 to 1,250 people at-tempt to climb the mountain each year. The first stop for adventurers plan-ning to climb is the National Park Service’s Talkeetna ranger station. The ranger station is named for Walter Harper, who was an Athabascan Indian, and he was the first person to reach the summit of Denali—20,310 feet up. The second stop is one of the many air taxi services that call Talkeetna home for a ride up to the base camp. While the climbing season may be short—basically late April to early July—the visitor season continues through Labor Day. Talkeetna is a pop-ular stop for cruise tour and inde-pendent visitors traveling the Parks Highway en route to Denali National Park. But Talkeetna is no ‘‘glitter gulch,’’ as we in Alaska sometimes say. It is a thriving year-round community num-bering some 876 people, with an active arts community, its own public radio station, and a quirkiness that is per-haps unique to Talkeetna. There are probably not too many towns that can actually boast that their mayor is a cat—a cat. OK, Stubbs is the honorary mayor of Talkeetna. He is not really and truly the official mayor. He is the honorary mayor. He was elected back in 1997. Stubbs has had that position for all 19 years of his life. He is quite well-known and has quite the notoriety. Stubbs greets visitors at Nagley’s Store. Nagley’s was founded in 1921. It is one of Talkeetna’s original businesses and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is part of a historic district that runs roughly 2 blocks by 3 blocks. Visitors who choose to spend this Independence Day in Talkeetna will be treated to a rich hometown experience amidst the splendor of one of Alaska’s most picturesque and interesting places. I am told Talkeetna’s centen-nial celebration will provide visitors an opportunity to enjoy the town as the locals do. I was hoping to make it up to Talkeetna. I am probably not going to be able to do so. But I might be able to make the run from Wasilla, AK, to at-tend the moose-dropping event at 4 o’clock in the afternoon. It is an an-nual tradition on the Fourth of July, where we take a collection of moose droppings, drop them, and bet on them. So we have an interesting mayor, and we have interesting festivals, but it is the heart of gold that comes from the people in this beautifully picturesque and, again, amazing place. It is a great honor to celebrate Talkeetna’s Centen-nial today in the Senate. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I also want to congratulate the people of Talkeetna. I wish I could go myself to the moose-dropping thing, and I want to see that before I die. Mr. President, I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for giving me this time. 
COLLEGE WORLD SERIES  
Mr. President, in 3 minutes, the final game of the championship round of the College World Series takes place. Coastal Carolina is playing the Univer-sity of Arizona. Coastal Carolina is a relatively small school in Myrtle Beach. Dustin John-son is a graduate and won the U.S. Open. But if you have been watching the College World Series, this baseball team is inspiring. Arizona and Coastal Carolina have had two great games. Tonight is the rubber match, winner takes all. I don’t know what is going to happen. If Coastal Carolina falls short, we have won in every way we could win. It has been the most exciting World Series I can remember: South Carolina won back-to-back world championships. Coastal Carolina, I know everybody in South Carolina is very proud, all the fans are very excited, and the best pitchers are on the mound tonight. So go Chanticleers. I am going to go home and watch the baseball game. I thank Senator W
HITEHOUSE for let-ting me say that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I was delighted to let Senator G
RAHAM  celebrate an achievement by his home State university. I was pleased to yield him the time. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, I am here, as the Pre-siding Officer knows, for the 142nd time to urge Congress to wake up to the threat of climate change. We are asleep at the wheel in Congress, heading to-ward climate catastrophe. Of course, outside this Chamber there is broad support for responsible climate action from the American people and from every major scientific society. In-deed, 31 of them just sent us a letter this week, reminding us to get off our duffs and pay attention to the science. Virtually every one of our home State universities, our National Labora-tories, NASA, NOAA, and the military, national security, and intelligence leadership of our country—if they are all wrong, that is one heck of a hoax. Frustratingly, Congress is still fogged in by a decades-long, purposeful campaign of deliberate misinformation from the fossil fuel industry and its al-lies. And since Citizens United, that misinformation campaign is backed up by unprecedented special interest po-litical artillery. Outside the fossil fuel industry, there is of course broad support for action on climate change across corporate Amer-ica. Leading businesses and executives vocally supported President Obama on the Paris Agreement. Many are com-mitted to getting onto a sustainable energy path. More than 150 major American firms signed the American Business Act on Climate Pledge. Many are pushing their commitment outside of their corporate walls through their supply chains, but against these Amer-icans corporate efforts on climate stand two major forces that claim to represent American business: the Wall Street Journal editorial page and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The Wall Street Journal editorial page claims to speak for the business community, small business owners, and industry titans alike, but it is way off base from the business community’s commitment to addressing climate change. Its editorial page is constantly wrong about climate change, from mis-stating the science of climate change, to misstating the costs versus benefits of climate action, to misstating the law when carrying the industry’s water to oppose civil investigations into whether the industry climate denial scheme amounts to fraud. It is not new. The Journal has a well- worn playbook for defending polluting industries. Look at its commentaries over time on acid rain, on the ozone layer, and of course now on climate change. It is always wrong, and worse, there is a pattern, a formula: Deny the science, question the motives of those calling for change, exaggerate the costs of taking action, and, above all, pro-tect the polluting industry. I have said all of this before, but now there is a study that quantifies it. Cli-mate Nexus’s recent analysis of the Wall Street Journal’s editorial page shows ‘‘a consistent pattern that over-whelmingly ignores the science, cham-pions doubt and denial of both the science and effectiveness of action, and leaves readers misinformed about the consensus of science and of the risks of the threat.’’ The analysis finds the opinion section has ‘‘done its readers a disservice by consistently ignoring or ridiculing the scientific consensus on the reality and urgency of climate change.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.057 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4707 June 29, 2016 
The editorial page’s bias, which is out of sync with virtually every single major scientific body, ‘‘cannot help but hinder its readers’ ability to make ac-curate assessments of the risk climate change poses to their businesses.’’ Specifically, Climate Nexus’s anal-ysis found that of 201 editorials relat-ing to climate science or policy dating back to 1997, not one explicitly ac-knowledges that fossil fuels cause cli-mate change. Of the 279 op-eds pub-lished since 1995, 40 reflect mainstream climate science, a paltry 14 percent. And of 122 columns published since 1997, just 4 accept as fact that fossil fuels cause climate change or endorse a policy to reduce emissions—out of 122 columns, 4. It is laughable. Between April 2015 and May 2016, when global heat records were falling with regularity, the Journal published 100 climate-related op-eds, columns, and editorials. Only 4 op-eds provided information reflecting mainstream cli-mate science, and 96 pieces in the Jour-nal’s opinion section failed to acknowl-edge the link between human activity and climate change. Even ExxonMobil and Charles Koch admit that link. Last January, for example, the page called recent extreme weather ‘‘business as usual,’’ while clinging to the bogus ‘‘hi-atus’’ argument that global tempera-ture increases had halted. The Climate Nexus report illumi-nates a series of advertisements that have been placed—where? On the Wall Street Journal editorial page, calling attention to this preposterous bias. The first one reads: ‘‘Exxon’s CEO Says Fossil Fuels Are Raising Tem-peratures and Sea Levels. Why won’t the Wall Street Journal?’’ The copy below goes on to say ExxonMobil has called for a carbon price, and they have. 
The CEOs of BP, Shell, Total, Statoil, BG Group and ENI call climate change ‘‘a crit-ical challenge for our world’’ and have also called for a price on carbon. It is time for the editorial board of the WSJ to become part of the solution on cli-mate change. 
The next one says: ‘‘Carbon Dioxide Traps Heat on Earth.’’ It goes on to say: 
This isn’t controversial. The head of Exxon Mobil and most major oil companies agree, along with every scientific academy in the world. 
Again, a fact. The next one: ‘‘The Earth Has Warmed. And We Did It.’’ It goes on to say: 
[W]e’ve known for more than a century that adding more heat-trapping carbon diox-ide to the atmosphere from fossil fuels would warm the planet. 
And we have known that. We have known that since Abraham Lincoln was President. 
So it’s not surprising that the planet keeps getting warmer (although you may not have seen this fact on this page). 
And, of course, ‘‘Despite what you may have heard, there has been no ‘pause.’’’ All of that is solid, clear science. The next ad: ‘‘What Goes Up Doesn’t Come Down. CO2Emissions Stay in the Atmosphere for Centuries.’’ And they do one other thing that this advertise-ment mentions as well: The CO
2emis-sions, when they are in the atmosphere above the oceans, react chemically with the oceans. This is a reaction that you can replicate in a high school chemistry lab. This is not debatable, negotiable science. This is known, es-tablished science. It says oceans are acidifying as a result, and they are. We measure that, and we are measuring the fastest increase in acidification in the ocean in 50 million years. The one that follows: ‘‘Your Assets are at Risk. Beware the Carbon Bub-ble.’’ 
If you thought the housing bubble and crash of 2008 were bad, consider the carbon bubble: A ticking time-bomb for fossil fuel company investors. This is why so many conservative econo-mists want to put a ‘‘price’’ on carbon to speed the clean energy transition while al-lowing the markets to cushion and adjust. 
Of course that is true. Every single conservative or Republican who has fought the climate change problem through to the solution has come to the same solution, which is a revenue- neutral price on carbon. Here we go, the most recent ad: ‘‘The Free Market Solution to Climate Change.’’ 
The CEOs of oil giants Exxon, BP, Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, Total, Eni, and BG Group have all called for carbon pricing. So have the leaders of [many countries around the world]. Wall Street Journal columnist Holman W. Jenkins calls a revenue-neutral carbon tax ‘‘our first-best policy, rewarding innovations by which humans would satisfy their energy needs while releasing less carbon into the at-mosphere.’’ 
Those are the advertisements that have been put on the Wall Street Jour-nal editorial page. Unfortunately, it takes people paying for space on the Wall Street Journal editorial page to get the truth about climate change told on the Wall Street Journal edi-torial page. These are straightforward, broadly accepted statements of the science of climate change. So if the Wall Street Journal edi-torial page isn’t acknowledging the views of credentialed experts, whom is it representing? Back to the Climate Nexus report, and I quote: 
[T]he Wall Street Journal consistently highlights voices of those with vested inter-ests in fossil fuels . . . presenting only the dismissive side of the climate discussion. . . . [T]hat undermines a reader’s ability to effectively evaluate climate risk, objectively assess potential solutions, and balance the two. 
The report calls the short shrift given to climate change ‘‘a failure of journalistic responsibility.’’ Look at its commentary on acid rain, on the ozone layer, and on climate change—al-ways the same, always wrong. You have to wonder what service the Wall Street Journal editorial page is pro-viding to its readership, since its record seems to rule out truth or bal-ance or factuality. Maybe the short an-swer is that the service the Wall Street Journal editorial page is providing isn’t a service to its readership. Let’s turn to the other miscreant. You might wonder as well what service the U.S. Chamber of Commerce pro-vides to its members who have respon-sible climate change policies. The U.S. Chamber is the largest lobbying orga-nization in the country, and its power in Congress is fully dedicated to stop-ping any serious climate legislation. Everybody here sees the Chamber’s hostility to climate legislation every-where. My and Senator WARREN ’s offices re-cently took a look at the lobbying po-sitions of the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce compared with the positions of its own board members. With Senators B
OXER , S ANDERS , B ROWN , M ERKLEY , B
LUMENTHAL , and M ARKEY , we released a report on our findings. Not one of the 108 Chamber board members we con-tacted would endorse the U.S. Cham-ber’s lobbying on climate change—not one. Our investigation found that roughly half of the companies rep-resented on the Chamber’s board actu-ally have strong pro-climate action po-sitions, which contrast sharply with the Chamber’s lobbying activities. We also found the Chamber’s deci-sionmaking about these policies to be awfully murky. The Chamber describes its board as its ‘‘principal governing and policymaking body,’’ but not one Chamber board member asserted that they were fully aware of and able to provide their input and views to the Chamber regarding its actions on cli-mate. There was no sign of a board vote or any formal input. One company indicated it was ‘‘not advised of any campaigns’’ and was ‘‘not aware of any processes’’ to lobby against climate ac-tion by the Chamber of Commerce. An-other company reported that ‘‘the issues raised . . . have not been dis-cussed during the short time [it has] been a member of the organization.’’ The Chamber has aggressively lob-bied for climate policies that are di-rectly at odds with science, public health, public opinion, and—with the results of this recent research, it turns out—with most of its own board mem-bers. Again, the question comes, whom are they serving? The Center for Responsive Politics— a nonprofit, nonpartisan research group that tracks money spent on elec-tions and lobbying—found that in 2015 alone, the Chamber spent roughly $85 million on lobbying efforts. That is more than twice the amount spent by the second highest lobbying spending organization. Think for a moment of the progress we could make here if the Chamber’s lobbying muscle actually aligned with the positions of the businesses the U.S. Chamber of Commerce purports to rep-resent. We don’t see that. Instead, we see the bullying menace of the fossil fuel industry holding sway in these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.059 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4708 June 29, 2016 
Halls. It appears to have captured the Chamber. It appears to control the Wall Street Journal editorial page. On the other side, there is virtually zero corporate lobbying effort for a good bipartisan climate bill. The result here is not surprising. Indeed, it is quite predictable when all the artillery is on one side of a fight—all the artil-lery on the side of the fossil fuel indus-try. The result is that Members of Con-gress who know better are afraid to act. Too many good companies are AWOL on climate change in Congress. Too many have farmed out their lobbying to groups like the Chamber of Com-merce that actually oppose their cor-porate climate policies. Too many will not speak up or answer back when the Wall Street Journal editorial page pur-ports to speak for them but emits only polluter nonsense. Duty calls. Duty matters. It is time for private sector leaders to step up and tell Congress that those twin ap-pendages of the fossil fuel industry do not represent corporate America on cli-mate change. There is a change that could not come too soon. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise tonight to talk about an issue that is facing every single State represented in this Chamber and every community in America. Over the past week, we have talked about the potential Zika epidemic and the need for us to address that, and I agree, but there is another epidemic that is already here, and that is this issue of prescription drugs and heroin and the addiction that follows. Far too many overdoses are occur-ring in our communities. There are people who are losing their lives. There are casualties beyond the overdose deaths. There are people who have seen their families broken apart because of the addiction, and because the drug be-comes everything, they are unable to go to work. We have seen the devastation in our communities in terms of the crime and violence connected with the drug trade, and we have seen, unfortunately, ba-bies increasingly born with addiction. These babies are in every neonatal unit in America. I know these babies are in every one of the hospitals in my home State of Ohio. There has been a 750-per-cent increase in the number of these babies in the State of Ohio in the last dozen years. It has gotten to the point where deaths from overdoses from heroin and prescription drugs, opioids, now exceed the deaths from auto accidents. It is the No. 1 cause of accidental deaths in my home State of Ohio. Based on the latest data I have seen, I believe that is now true for our entire country. Ohio has been particularly hard hit. We are probably in the top five based on all the data I have seen. My State is prob-ably No. 1 in the country in terms of a particular kind of overdose, a synthetic form of heroin called fentanyl. It is devastating. On average, 129 people die every day from these overdoses. That is why this Senate, over the last 3 years, has worked hard to pull to-gether legislation that addresses this issue. It specifically says: Let’s figure out smarter and better ways to have better education, prevention, treat-ment, and recovery to help our law en-forcement be able to deal with this problem. We worked with 130 groups around the country, all of whom have now en-dorsed the legislation we spent 3 years putting together. We had five con-ferences here in Washington. We brought in experts from around the country. We didn’t do it in a bipartisan way; we did it in a nonpartisan way. In other words, we didn’t care who had the idea—Democrat, Republican, Inde-pendent. It didn’t matter. What mattered was whether it was a good idea and whether it would help to ad-dress this growing epidemic we are fac-ing in our States and around the coun-try. That legislation passed the U.S. Sen-ate. It was on the floor for about 21⁄2 weeks. There was a long debate, but at the end of that debate, after people be-came familiar with this issue—some of whom were already very familiar with this issue; some of whom, frankly, were not in this Chamber—many of them would go home and talk about this leg-islation. They learned more about it from their communities, their schools, and their firehouses. When they came back, after 2
1⁄2weeks of debate, the vote for this legislation called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, otherwise known as CARA, was not close; it was 94 to 1. That never happens around this place. It happened because we took our time, did it right, and focused on evidence-based treat-ment, recovery, and prevention—stuff that actually works to improve what we are doing and that was also respon-sible. This legislation also passed be-cause it is such a big issue in every State and every community. It has been 110 days since the Senate passed CARA. By the way, earlier I said that 129 people, on average, are dying every day of overdoses. That means that in those 110 days since the Senate passed the legislation, over 13,000 of our fellow Americans have succumbed and died from an overdose of opioids. Think about that. Think of those numbers. Why isn’t it done yet? It is not done yet because the House needed to move through its own process. I totally un-derstand that. You should know that the House was part of the process for the last 3 years. This was not just bi-partisan; it was bicameral. In other words, both the House and Senate were involved. We had 130 cosponsors of the CARA legislation in the House, but the House wanted to go through their own process, and they did. They came up with 18 separate bills rather than 1 more comprehensive bill. We are now in the process of putting those to-gether. We have 18 bills from the House and 1 from the Senate. The conference committee has been named. Today I am happy to announce that the conference is actually going to meet on Wednesday of next week. They are going to vote on the final product. After having talked to a number of members of the conference committee today and over the past several weeks, I think it is going to be a very positive product. It will be very similar to the Senate bill in terms of being com-prehensive, but it also picks up a num-ber of good items that the House added. There is one that I particularly like. It would raise the cap on how many peo-ple can be treated with Suboxone, which is one of the ways to have medi-cated-assisted treatment, and in par-ticular at the treatment center, which is a good change. We do believe that the provisions we included in CARA over here are nec-essary because it is comprehensive and does include prevention and education. We think some of our prevention pro-grams, which are not in the House, are necessary. We think that particularly on the treatment and recovery side— especially on the recovery side—there are some things that need to be added. I get very good reports as to the progress of that conference, and I be-lieve it will be something that I can not only support but enthusiastically support if they can stick to the blue-print they have worked on. Again, that bill will be next week. That is a posi-tive sign. This is the 11th time I have come to the floor of the Senate to urge them to act. We have been in session for 11 weeks since the bill passed. Every sin-gle week, I have come to the floor to talk about this, and I have the best re-port yet in the sense that we are mov-ing forward. This week I sent a letter, along with my colleagues, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , Senator K
LOBUCHAR , and Senator A
YOTTE . This letter went to the con-ference committee to insist that the legislation be, in fact, comprehensive, and I believe from what I am hearing that it will be—the prevention grants, the Opiate Awareness Campaign, the law enforcement task forces, the edu-cation grants to educate those who are behind bars. There were other great ideas that came from both sides of the aisle that should be included. I must say tonight, though, that I am hearing some other troubling reports, and these have now become public, so I am going to talk about them. The Senate passed this bill 94 to 1. It is an emergency and an epidemic in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.060 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4709 June 29, 2016 
communities. There are 130 anti-drug groups from across the country who have endorsed this legislation. Every-body is together on this, and we worked hard to make it inclusive. Again, 13,000 Americans have died from overdoses since this legislation passed the Senate. Despite all of that, there are press reports that say the White House is encouraging us to delay. I hope that is not true, but here is the first report that I will tell you about. National Public Radio talks about a White House meeting with some Demo-cratic Members of Congress about po-tentially stalling CARA. One White House legislative aide is quoted as say-ing: ‘‘We need to slow down the con-ference enough so that the White House can bring it back to the Amer-ican people. We need help in slowing it down.’’ The piece went on to say that ‘‘Democratic members of Congress were asked to come to this meeting and they were eager to help slow it down.’’ Slow it down? Are you kidding? Slow it down? We should have sped it up, and we certainly can’t stop now. The Sen-ate is only in session for 2 more weeks, and then it goes out of session for the conventions and the August recess. We should have already done it. Let’s not slow it down; let’s speed it up. I will tell you something else that I learned today, which I found amazing, and I hope the way I am looking at it or the way I am reading about it is not accurate. The drug czar for the United States of America is Michael Botti-celli. He has testified in favor of this legislation and came to three of our five conferences and testified in favor of it. We took his ideas and input, which were very helpful. He came to the hearing in the Judiciary Com-mittee and, in response to a question from Senator W
HITEHOUSE , a leading Democrat on that committee and co-author of this legislation, said he thought this was a good bill and that it was important that it be comprehen-sive. He also went to New Hampshire for a hearing and said he supported the legislation in front of Senator S
HAHEEN  and Senator A
YOTTE . He was supposed to come to Ohio but at the last minute decided he could not attend our hear-ing in Ohio. I was told that yesterday he held a press briefing with Ohio reporters. I have been trying to reach him today unsuccessfully, but apparently he thought it was necessary to go to Ohio reporters to talk about this issue. Among those on the call, by the way, was at least one Democratic local offi-cial. Maybe there were a few. I am not sure because I wasn’t told about the call to Ohio. I am from Ohio. I am the coauthor of the bill. In that call, he said things that led the reporters to be-lieve that he thought CARA did not go far enough and that it wasn’t the ap-propriate response to this epidemic. Look, I understand there is an elec-tion every 2 years here in America, and that is fine, but I have known every single drug czar since the first one, Bill Bennett. I have worked with every sin-gle one of them. Many of them have re-mained close friends. General McCaf-frey was the drug czar for Bill Clinton when I authored a few pieces of legisla-tion, such as the drug-free media cam-paign legislation, the Drug-Free Work-place Act, the Drug-Free Communities Support Program, which has generated over $1.3 billion of Federal dollars— matching funds. It helps to bond more than 2,000 community coalitions, in-cluding a community coalition in my hometown that I founded over 20 years ago. I have been at this for a long time in terms of addressing this issue of drug addiction and drug abuse, and I worked with every single one of the drug czars. I have never seen them be partisan, ever. I am very disappointed to hear these press reports about the White House wanting to delay. I am now, of course, very disappointed to hear that the drug czar is out there saying negative things about the CARA legislation when he, in fact, was part of putting it together. He, in fact, testified in favor of it. I don’t understand that. I don’t get it. Let’s put politics aside and actually get something done. Perhaps some of the parents who come to me and tell me about having lost a son or a daugh-ter need to talk to some other Mem-bers of the Congress and of the admin-istration who think this is somehow a political game. This is about saving lives. It is about saving people from ru-ining their lives. It is about helping people to be able to achieve their God- given purpose. Our legislation is incredibly impor-tant. I mentioned some of the specifics of it. It does have grant programs that we know work. It has evidence-based programs. It includes medication treat-ment that works better. We know there are a lot of relapses, and we are trying to get the money into things that actu-ally work. But it is bigger than that. It is about changing our attitude about this issue here in the Senate and in the House of Representatives. I would think that anybody who follows this closely—certainly someone who is the head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy—would get that. This legislation begins to treat addic-tion like a disease that needs to be treated just like other diseases. Even if we didn’t have $100 million of new fund-ing in here, even if we didn’t have all of these new specific grant programs and things we know work, like veterans courts and drug courts and all the re-covery grant money that goes out, in-cluding to high school and colleges for recovery groups that work, it would be significant just because it establishes this new approach, saying that addic-tion is not a moral failure, addiction is a disease. Through this, we hope to wipe away the stigma so people do come forward and get treatment. It will help families who won’t talk about the disease feel comfortable in saying: You have a problem, and we are going to support you. We are going to get you into treatment so you can pull your life, your family, and communities back together. That is what this legis-lation is about. This is an authorization bill. It is not a spending bill. Everybody who follows this process knows that. Apparently the concern that has been raised is, well, there is not enough additional ap-propriated money in here. Well, this is not an appropriations bill. By the way, the Appropriations Com-mittee, at the urging of those of us who coauthored this legislation, have in-creased the funding substantially this year, and they have made a commit-ment in the subcommittee and the full committee to have a 93-percent in-crease in funding for this next year. As I said, this authorizes about $100 million more every year going forward in our legislation as well, but frankly I think the appropriations ought to be greater than that. This is an emer-gency, but we are going down the right track there with these appropriations commitments that have been made. We need to be sure we have that commit-ment all the way to the final spending bills this year because we do need to have adequate funding, particularly to make sure everybody who wants treat-ment can get it. I had a tele-townhall meeting this week, where 25,000 people were on the call at one time. It was a big group of people. As usual, people talked about terrorism, they talked about jobs and the economy, but three different people called in on this drug abuse issue. Two of them were recovering addicts, one was a parent. They talked about the worth of the legislation, the impor-tance of treatment, the importance for us to deal with this issue. They talked about the fact that this knows no ZIP Code, it is not an inner city problem, it is not a suburban problem; it is every-where. I spoke to a woman named Leigh from Zanesville, OH. She told me she is now in recovery. She volunteers at prisons and told me that most of the prisoners there are also drug users. We talked about the CARA recovery provi-sions. They include critical resources to develop recovery and support serv-ices, individuals and families. We talked about the fact that in this legis-lation we have grants that can go to prisons to deal with this substance abuse issue in prison so when people get out, they have had the treatment to be able to get their lives back to-gether and get out of that revolving door of the criminal justice system, where more than half of the people who get out are right back in again within a few years. I talked to a man named John from Grove City. He told me he lost his son on June 1, just a few weeks ago, to an overdose of heroin laced with synthetic drugs. I expressed my condolences to him and his family, but I also thanked him for calling and for his willingness, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.062 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4710 June 29, 2016 
in front of 25,000 people, to talk about this issue. He was very plainspoken. He said: My son was addicted to heroin for 5 years. ‘‘It meant more to him than his family; it meant more to him than anything.’’ Unfortunately, there are fathers and mothers all over the State of Ohio who are experiencing what John had to ex-perience with his son. He wants us to pass this legislation because he thinks it is going to help, and it will. I think those who are addicted, those families who are being affected by this have been very patient. They are look-ing for more help from Washington, and they deserve it. Washington is not going to solve this problem. It is going to be solved in our communities, in our families, and in our hearts. But Wash-ington can help and be a better part-ner, take the existing funds we are spending and spend them more wisely to actually affect the number of people who get addicted in the first place with better prevention and through better education, and then for those who are addicted, better treatment and recov-ery; help them get back on their feet. Washington can help. That is what this legislation does. It is making Washington a better partner with State and local government and the nonprofits that are in the trenches doing the hard work every day. I hope these reports I am hearing about delay and these tactics that are being used, unbelievably, by the admin-istration to somehow make it appear as though this legislation isn’t what they said it was back when they helped put it together and when they testified in favor of it—I hope that is just a dis-traction, and I hope people understand the significance of getting this done and getting it done now. It is already past time. We can’t wait. Again, people have been patient. It is now time for the U.S. Congress to face this issue, to address it through legis-lation that went through here with a 94-to-1 vote, to send it to the President for his signature and, more impor-tantly, to send it to our communities around our country to begin to help turn the tide, save lives, and bring back hope. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
RUSSIA  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I rise to express my concern about troubling new developments in Russia. Russia’s Parliament, the Federal Assembly, has just approved so-called antiterrorism legislation that actually criminalizes free speech and that attacks religious liberty. If President Putin signs this legislation into law in the coming weeks, it will be illegal for Christians to share their faith outside of the church building, as if faith is con-strained by the four walls of a struc-ture and belief by a single day of the week on the calendar. In some ways, sadly, this isn’t a sur-prise. There is a lot that is wrong with Russia. We are witnessing a rising authoritarianism in a declining State— a rising authoritarianism in a declin-ing State. Moscow routinely tramples on the rights of the press, tramples on assem-bly, speech, on dissent, and on national sovereignty. Ask the families of mur-dered journalists. Ask the student groups facing intimidation. Ask the po-litical dissidents who fear imprison-ment. Ask the Ukrainian people who fear being fully overrun. Why is this happening? Because Putin and his cronies think they can make Russia great again by hoarding wealth, by abusing power, and by crushing any and all dissent and oppo-sition. They strike the pose of a strong man, but this is not real strength. True strength is rooted in virtue: selflessness and sacrifice on behalf of the weak and the oppressed. Mr. Putin is driven by cheap imitation and in-timidation, more akin to bullying; vice masquerading as virtue. We know Russia’s offenses are many and egregious. At the same time, Americans well understand it is not our national calling, nor is it within our power, to attempt to right every wrong in a broken world, but we should be clear about what is happening, as well as the fact that there is no easy fix. It is naive to hope Russia can be re-formed with a reset button or with promises of future flexibility. Instead, we need to begin telling the truth about an increasingly aggressive actor on the global stage. Again, let me be explicit. The United States does not have a solemn obliga-tion to try to make the entire world free, but we absolutely do have an obli-gation to speak on behalf of those who are made speechless in the dark cor-ners of this globe. This Russian law would be an affront to free people everywhere, at home and abroad, who believe the rights of con-science—the rights of free speech and the freedom of religion and the free-dom of assembly—are pre-political. These freedoms do not ebb and flow with history. These freedoms do not rise and fall with the political fortunes of a despot. Governments do not give us these rights and governments can-not take these rights away. These rights of free speech, freedom of reli-gion, and freedom of assembly belong to every man, woman, and child be-cause all of us are image-bearers of our Creator. I am speaking tonight because this new Russian legislation is emblematic of a growing destructive nationalism and of a thirst for power that cannot be ignored. Putin has a desire to squeeze down on civil society, on other venues for discussion and debate, and on other institutions outside of politics where human dignity can and should be ex-pressed. He does this and he desires this not because he is strong but be-cause he is weak. We in this body, without regard to political party and representing all 50 States, must be sober and clear-eyed about Russia. We must become more sober and clearer-eyed about its in-timidations and about its hostilities and about its dangerous trajectory. We have a duty to be telling the truth early about where this may be headed. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 473, 596, 601, 602, 603, 651, with no other executive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Daniel B. Maf-fei, of New York, to be a Federal Mari-time Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2017; Rebecca F. Dye, of North Carolina, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2020; Mary Beth Leonard, of Massa-chusetts, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Afri-can Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary; Geeta Pasi, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Chad; Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Burundi; and Michael A. Khouri, of Kentucky, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term ex-piring June 30, 2021. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. SASSE. I know of no further de-bate on the nominations and ask unan-imous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. There being no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Maffei, Dye, Leonard Pasi, Casper, and Khouri nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. Mr. SASSE. I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table en bloc and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.063 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4711 June 29, 2016 
proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar Nos. 594, 606 through 650, and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officer for appoint-ment to a position of importance and respon-sibility in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 50: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Fred M. Midgette 
IN THE ARMY  The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Matthew T. Quinn 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Phillip E. Lee, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Alan J. Reyes The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Mary C. Riggs The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Carol M. Lynch The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Mark E. Bipes The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Brian R. Guldbek The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Louis C. Tripoli The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Robert T. Durand The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (Lower Half) Capt. Shawn E. Duane Capt. Scott D. Jones Capt. William G. Mager Capt. John B. Mustin Capt. Matthew P. O’Keefe Capt. John A. Schommer The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Thomas W. Luscher The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Brian S. Pecha The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Deborah P. Haven The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Mark J. Fung The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Russell E. Allen Rear Adm. (lh) William M. Crane Rear Adm. (lh) Michael J. Dumont 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of the National Guard Bureau and for appointment to the grade indicated in the Reserve of the Air Force under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 10502: To be general Lt. Gen. Joseph L. Lengyel 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Ronald R. Fritzemeier 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Charles G. Chiarotti Brig. Gen. David W. Coffman Brig. Gen. Paul J. Kennedy Brig. Gen. Joaquin F. Malavet Brig. Gen. Loretta E. Reynolds Brig. Gen. Russell A. Sanborn Brig. Gen. George W. Smith, Jr. Brig. Gen. Mark R. Wise Brig. Gen. Daniel D. Yoo 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of Staff, United States Air Force, and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 8033: To be general Gen. David L. Goldfein IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Thomas D. Waldhauser 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of Army Reserve/Commanding General, United States Army Reserve Com-mand, and appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsi-bility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 3038: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Charles D. Luckey The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Robert P. Walters, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Edward C. Cardon The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be major general Brig. Gen. Timothy P. Williams The following Army National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Joseph J. Streff The following Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. Anthony P. Digiacomo, II Col. Daniel J. Hill Col. Kenneth A. Nava 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. David H. Berger 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Jeffrey L. Harrigian The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.077 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4712 June 29, 2016 
grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Tod D. Wolters The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Stayce D. Harris 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Gwendolyn Bingham 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Michael M. Gilday The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Colin J. Kilrain 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment as Assistant Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps in the United States Marine Corps, and appointment to the grade indi-cated while assigned to a position of impor-tance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5044: To be general Lt. Gen. Glenn M. Walters The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Gary L. Thomas The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Lewis A. Craparotta The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Joseph L. Osterman 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officer for appoint-ment to a position of importance and respon-sibility in the United States Coast Guard and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 50: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Marshall B. Lytle, III IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 8034 and 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Stephen W. Wilson The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. VeraLinn Jamieson The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Thomas W. Bergeson The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Thomas W. Geary The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. John L. Dolan The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Richard M. Clark N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1505 AIR FORCE nomination of Joseph H. Imwalle, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1526 AIR FORCE nomination of Lisa A. Seltman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2016. PN1527 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning ANDREW M. FOSTER, and ending An-thony P. Gaddi, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2016. PN1554 AIR FORCE nominations (44) begin-ning DAVID B. BARKER, and ending AN-GELA M. YUHAS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Gongressional Record of June 16, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1102 ARMY nomination of Bethany C. Aragon, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. PN1105 ARMY nomination of Brian T. Wat-kins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 28, 2016. PN1109 ARMY nominations (12) beginning SUSAN M. CEBULA, and ending LISA N. YARBROUGH, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. PN1111 ARMY nominations (89) beginning JOHN S. AITA, and ending DEREK C. WHITAKER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 28, 2016. PN1141 ARMY nomination of Jason B. Blevins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 1, 2016. PN1480 ARMY nomination of Shawn R. Lynch, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1482 ARMY nomination of Rita A. Kostecke, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1483 ARMY nomination of Helen H. Brandabur, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1484 ARMY nomination of Barry K. Wil-liams, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1506 ARMY nomination of Douglas Maurer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1528 ARMY nomination of Ronald D. Hardin, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 6, 2016. PN1558 ARMY nomination of Edward J. Fisher which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1566 ARMY nomination of David W. Mayfield, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1567 ARMY nomination of Michael P. Garlington, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1568 ARMY nominations (2) beginning NOELA B. BACON, and ending WILLIAM D. PLUMMER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1569 ARMY nomination of Elizabeth M. Miller, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  PN951—2 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of Richard Gustave Olson, Jr., which was re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 19, 2015. PN1419 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of Emily M. Scott, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2016. PN1486 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (90) beginning Amanda R. Ahlers, and ending Lee V. Wilbur, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 18, 2016. PN1495 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (187) beginning Jocelyn N. Adams, and end-ing Brian Joseph Zacherl, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of May 19, 2016. 
IN THE NAVY  PN418 NAVY nomination of Justin C. Legg, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2015. PN1351 NAVY nominations (8) beginning TIMOTHY M. DUNN, and ending PEGGYTARA M. STOLYAROVA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1352 NAVY nominations (2) beginning SUZANNE M. LESKO, and ending CHARLES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.061 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4713 June 29, 2016 
E. SUMMERS, II, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1353 NAVY nomination of Andrew F. Ulak, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1354 NAVY nominations (3) beginning KENNETH N. GRAVES, and ending BILLY B. OSBORNE, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1355 NAVY nominations (3) beginning STEVE R. PARADELA, and ending REESE K. ZOMAR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1356 NAVY nominations (18) beginning CHARLES M. BROWN, and ending KARL W. WICK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1357 NAVY nominations (2) beginning ROBERT K. BAER, and ending JOHN L. MORRIS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1358 NAVY nominations (70) beginning BRIAN S. ANDERTON, and ending JAMES T. WORTHINGTON, III, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1359 NAVY nominations (14) beginning CHRISTOPHER J. R. DEMCHAK, and ending STEVEN R. THOMPSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1360 NAVY nominations (3) beginning JANETTE B. JOSE, and ending MICHAEL J. SCHWERIN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1361 NAVY nominations (4) beginning ERIC R. JOHNSON, and ending ANDREW R. WOOD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1362 NAVY nominations (6) beginning JAREMA M. DIDOSZAK, and ending RICH-ARD M. SZCEPANSKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1363 NAVY nomination of Conrado G. Dungca, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1364 NAVY nomination of Alexander L. Peabody, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1365 NAVY nomination of Jason G. Goff, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 14, 2016. PN1440 NAVY nominations (5) beginning OLIVIA L. BETHEA, and ending CHRISTIAN A. STOVER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1441 NAVY nominations (64) beginning ROGER S. AKINS, and ending MICHAEL D. WITTENBERGER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1442 NAVY nominations (14) beginning RICHARD S. ADCOOK, and ending BEN-JAMIN W. YOUNG, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1443 NAVY nominations (31) beginning ANDREW M. ARCHILA, and ending DOUG-LAS E. STEPHENS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1444 NAVY nominations (13) beginning SHANE D. COOPER, and ending RANDALL J. VAVRA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1445 NAVY nominations (30) beginning JOHANNES M. BAILEY, and ending JOHN E. VOLK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1446 NAVY nominations (31) beginning SUSAN L. AYERS, and ending MICHAEL YORK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1447 NAVY nominations (12) beginning MICHAEL D. BROWN, and ending BRIAN J. STAMM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1448 NAVY nominations (14) beginning JOHN R. ANDERSON, and ending BURR M. VOGEL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1450 NAVY nominations (5) beginning RACHAEL A. DEMPSEY, and ending SEAN D. ROBINSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1451 NAVY nominations (10) beginning ANN E. CASEY, and ending DARYK E. ZIRKLE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1452 NAVY nominations (10) beginning CLAUDE W. ARNOLD, JR., and ending ROB W. STEVENSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1453 NAVY nominations (9) beginning ALBERT ANGEL, and ending SCOTT D. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1454 NAVY nominations (9) beginning THOMAS L. GIBBONS, and ending KURT E. STRONACH, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1455—1 NAVY nominations (215) begin-ning DAVID L. AAMODT, and ending NA-THAN S. YORK, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1456 NAVY nominations (5) beginning MICHAEL B. BILZOR, and ending MAT-THEW A. TESTERMAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1457 NAVY nominations (15) beginning PAUL D. CLIFFORD, and ending DIANNA WOLFSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1458 NAVY nominations (8) beginning ERROL A. CAMPBELL, JR., and ending JEFFREY M. VICARIO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1459 NAVY nominations (6) beginning JEFFREY J. CHOWN, and ending BRET A. WASHBURN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1460 NAVY nominations (2) beginning BROOK DEWALT, and ending PHILIP R. ROSI, II, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1461 NAVY nominations (4) beginning AARON C. HOFF, and ending JOHN M. TULLY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of May 11, 2016. PN1507 NAVY nomination of Daniel L. Christensen, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1508 NAVY nomination of Howard D. Watt, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1509 NAVY nomination of Daniel Mo-rales, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1510 NAVY nomination of Stefan M. Groetsch, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1511 NAVY nomination of Jeffrey M. Bierley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1512 NAVY nomination of Michael G. Zakaroff, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of May 26, 2016. PN1534 NAVY nominations (26) beginning RON J. ARELLANO, and ending WILLIAM M. WILSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1535 NAVY nominations (28) beginning KATIE M. ABDALLAH, and ending NATHAN J. WINTERS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1536 NAVY nominations (31) beginning MATTHEW J. ACANFORA, and ending JO-SEPH A. ZERBY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1537 NAVY nominations (44) beginning KENNETH O. ALLISON, JR., and ending TIMOTHY L. YEICH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1538 NAVY nominations (481) beginning BENJAMIN P. ABBOTT, and ending RICH-ARD J. ZAMBERLAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1539 NAVY nominations (16) beginning PETER BISSONNETTE, and ending ZAVEAN V. WARE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1540 NAVY nominations (35) beginning MYLENE R. ARVIZO, and ending ERROL A. WATSON, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1541 NAVY nominations (15) beginning DAVID R. DONOHUE, and ending JASON D. WEAVER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1542 NAVY nominations (12) beginning RANDY J. BERTI, and ending MICHAEL WINDOM, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1543 NAVY nominations (6) beginning 
JODIE K. CORNELL, and ending SEAN B. ROBERTSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1544 NAVY nominations (16) beginning PATRICIA H. AJOY, and ending WADE C. THAMES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1545 NAVY nominations (14) beginning ERIN M. CESCHINI, and ending GIANCARLO WAGHELSTEIN, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of June 9, 2016. PN1559 NAVY nomination of Thomas W. Luton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 16, 2016. PN1570 NAVY nominations (4) beginning JENNIFER L. DONAHUE, and ending ROB-ERT R. STEEN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1571 NAVY nominations (3) beginning STEVEN D. BARTELL, and ending RON P. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.062 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4714 June 29, 2016 
NEITZKE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1572 NAVY nominations (2) beginning NATHAN JOHNSTON, and ending ROGER D. MUSSELMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1573 NAVY nominations (11) beginning PHILIP ARMAS, JR., and ending CHRIS-TOPHER D. THOMPSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1574 NAVY nominations (10) beginning CATHERINE O. DURHAM, and ending RE-BECCA A. ZORNADO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1575 NAVY nominations (13) beginning JAMES H. BURNS, and ending REBECCA S. SNYDER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1576 NAVY nominations (3) beginning JOHN M. HARDHAM, and ending MARTIN W. WADEWITZ, II, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1577 NAVY nominations (8) beginning PHILIP J. ABELDT, and ending MICHAEL B. VENER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 23, 2016. PN1578 NAVY nominations (22) beginning LAUREN P. ARCHER, and ending ALISSA G. SPEZIALE, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 23, 2016. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
2016 SMITHSONIAN FOLKLIFE FES-TIVAL CELEBRATING THE BASQUE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the first day of the 2016 Smithsonian Folklife Festival, which is featuring the Basque. Since 1967, the Smithsonian’s Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage has honored cultural traditions during its annual festival and celebrated the indi-viduals who help keep important tradi-tions alive. The festival has featured participants from all 50 States and more than 100 countries, and this sum-mer, the festival will showcase Basque culture in Washington, DC. The Basque migrated to the United States from an ancient and free culture located in the Pyrenees between France and Spain. In the late 1800s and early 1900s, the gold rush in Nevada and California drew the Basque out West. They became well-known for their strong work ethic and skill for busi-ness. As the western mines attracted workers from across the United States and around the world, innovative Basques capitalized on the opportunity to raise sheep and sell sheep products to miners. During this time, the sheep industry in Nevada grew exponentially. Following World War II, Nevada’s Basque population soared, with a ma-jority of Basques settling in northern Nevada. The Basque brought with them traditional dances in colorful cos-tumes, music, their unique language, and cuisine that remains a hallmark in the State of Nevada. Communities throughout the State have benefited from the innovation of the Basque set-tlers and the traditions they and their descendants have kept alive. Over the years, the Basque have be-come a part of Nevada communities, established businesses, and served our Nation as doctors, lawyers, scientists, and teachers. The sons of Basque par-ents, Paul and Robert Laxalt, are among those who have earned a place in Nevada history, becoming well- known for their strong Basque roots and accomplishments. Paul dedicated his life to public service by serving as the Governor of Nevada and as a U.S. Senator, and Robert was a successful writer who captured the Basque experi-ence in the American West in books such as ‘‘Sweet Promised Land’’ and ‘‘The Basque Hotel.’’ The importance of the Basque’s im-pact on Nevada history is exemplified by the William A. Douglass Center for Basque Studies at the University of Ne-vada, Reno, Nevada’s land grant uni-versity. The center maintains an ex-tensive collection of Basque oral his-tory and provides students the oppor-tunity to gain expertise in Basque cul-ture and tradition. The center, along with so many others in the State of Ne-vada and throughout the Nation, have worked hard to keep the rich history and spirit of Basque culture and tradi-tion thriving in the United States. I am pleased the Smithsonian Folklife Festival will celebrate this in-credible culture for this year’s festival, and I welcome the Nevadans who have traveled to Washington to participate in the 2016 Smithsonian Folklife Fes-tival. 
f 
THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF SHELBY COUNTY V. HOLDER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last Sat-urday was the third anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Shelby County v. Holder decision. In this case, a divided Court voted 5–4 to gut the Voting Rights Act. The Court struck down the provision of the Voting Rights Act that required certain jurisdictions with a documented history of discrimination to ‘‘preclear’’ any changes to their vot-ing laws with the Department of Jus-tice. In the 3 years since Shelby County, Democrats and a small handful of Re-publicans have sought to restore the Voting Rights Act. Unfortunately, the majority of Republicans in Congress have obstructed efforts to reinstate ro-bust Federal voting protections. As a result, 2016 will mark the first Presi-dential election without the full pro-tections of the Voting Rights Act since this historic legislation was signed into law in 1965. The restrictions on voting that many Americans face today can be traced back to the 2010 midterm election. After that election, in which Repub-licans won control of several State leg-islative chambers and governorships, State lawmakers across the country in-troduced burdensome voting laws. These laws ranged from strict voter identification requirements to cuts in early voting. At the time, the Voting Rights Act served as a backstop, pre-venting States covered by the preclearance requirement from imple-menting changes that had a discrimi-natory purpose or effect. That is why the Shelby County deci-sion in 2013 had an immediate impact. Released from preclearance require-ments, States with discriminatory his-tories were free to move forward with new restrictions on voting. For exam-ple, within hours of the Shelby County decision, Texas State officials an-nounced that they would immediately implement a photo ID requirement for in-person voting that Texas first tried to put in place in 2011. This burden-some voter ID law had previously been blocked by both the Department of Justice and a Federal appeals court, due to the law’s harmful impact on poor and minority voters. As a result of this law going into effect, we heard disturbing stories of a 93-year-old vet-eran and nearly 70-year-old doctor who were turned away from the polls in Texas in 2014 because their IDs did not meet the onerous new requirements. During my time as chairman of the Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights, I held a series of hearings that examined re-strictive State voting laws. During these hearings, we heard over and over again that these laws have a dispropor-tionate impact on lower-income, mi-nority, youth, elderly, and other vul-nerable voting populations. I asked the State officials at each of my hearings whether there were any widespread instances of voter fraud to justify these laws, and they were un-able to point to any examples. There have been only a handful of prosecu-tions over the last decade. This clearly is not a problem in need of a solution. This is clearly an effort to restrict the opportunity to vote for certain Ameri-cans. This year, voters in 17 States will face restrictions that they have not previously experienced in a Presi-dential election. Eight of these States were previously covered by the preclearance provision in the Voting Rights Act. Recent primary elections in many of these States gave voters a taste of po-tential problems to come in the gen-eral election. In Maricopa County, AZ, some voters were forced to endure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.063 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4715 June 29, 2016 
waits of more than 5 hours in order to cast their ballots in the March primary election. The cause of the delay was a decision by a local election official to massively cut the number of polling lo-cations. In the 2008 primary, 400 polling places were available. In 2016, that number was slashed to a mere 60 loca-tions. Prior to Shelby County, such a change would have been evaluated and likely challenged by the Justice De-partment in a preclearance review. In Wisconsin, a newly implemented voter photo identification law led to challenges and confusion in the April primary. Press reports recently docu-mented the story of one of the affected voters. Eddie Lee Holloway, Jr., moved from my home State of Illinois to Wis-consin in 2008 and was able to vote without any problems before the voter ID law went into effect. After the law was passed, Mr. Holloway went to a DMV in Milwaukee with an expired Il-linois photo ID, his birth certificate, and his Social Security card to obtain a Wisconsin photo ID for voting. How-ever, his application was rejected due to a clerical error on his birth certifi-cate, which read ‘‘Eddie Junior Hollo-way.’’ Mr. Holloway spent hundreds of dol-lars traveling to Illinois to try to fix this problem. In addition to the Mil-waukee DMV, he visited the Vital Records System in Milwaukee, the Illi-nois Vital Records Division in Spring-field, an Illinois DMV, and his high school in Decatur, IL—all in an at-tempt to obtain sufficient records for a Wisconsin voter ID. Ultimately, he was unsuccessful. Despite all of these ef-forts, Mr. Holloway was unable to vote in the April primary. What is particularly infuriating about Mr. Holloway’s case is that Re-publicans in the Wisconsin State Legis-lature were hoping for exactly this type of outcome. The chief of staff to a leading Republican State senator in Wisconsin resigned last year after wit-nessing Republican legislators who were, ‘‘literally giddy’’ over the impact the new voter ID law would have on minority and student voters. In an interview with the New York Times, the former staffer said, ‘‘I remember when Republicans were the ones who helped Johnson pass the civil rights bill in the ’60s.’’ Indeed, it was 51 years ago this year President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the bipartisan Voting Rights Act into law—guaranteeing that the right to vote would not be re-stricted through clever schemes, like poll taxes and literacy tests, devised to keep African Americans from voting. I wish that, 51 years after we enacted the Voting Rights Act, our society had reached a point where its protections were no longer necessary, but we clear-ly have not, and the Voting Rights Act is still very much needed today. That is why Senator L
EAHY , Senator C
OONS , and I introduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act last year. This legislation would restore the Vot-ing Rights Act. It would ensure that burdensome voting laws will be re-viewed and, if found to be discrimina-tory, blocked before they go into ef-fect. I recently joined Senator LEAHY and our Democratic colleagues on the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee in sending a letter to the chairman of the full com-mittee and the chairman of the Con-stitution Subcommittee, urging them to hold a hearing on voting rights and the Voting Rights Advancement Act. Between 2007 and 2013, Senate Demo-crats held nine hearings to examine the issue of voting rights. In contrast, Re-publicans have not held a single hear-ing on voting rights since taking the majority in 2015. This is disappointing. Voting rights has traditionally been a bipartisan issue. In 2006, Congress reauthorized the Voting Rights Act with an over-whelming bipartisan vote. Three hun-dred and ninety Members of the House and 98 Senators came together on a bi-partisan basis to reauthorize the bill. Twenty-one hearings with more than 90 witnesses and a 15,000-page record illus-trated to us that the Voting Rights Act was still very much needed. Three years ago, the Supreme Court ignored our efforts in Shelby County, but we can, and we must, come together once again to address voting rights. Congressman J
IMSENSENBRENNER , a Republican from Wisconsin, has intro-duced legislation in the House to re-store the Voting Rights Act. Earlier this year, he wrote an op-ed in the New York Times. He noted, ‘‘Ensuring that every eligible voter can cast a ballot without fear, deterrence and prejudice is a basic American right. I would rath-er lose my job than suppress votes to keep it.’’ I urge my colleagues to listen to Con-gressman S
ENSENBRENNER and join us in our fight to restore the Voting Rights Act. It is time to bring the bi-partisan Voting Rights Advancement Act to the floor and ensure that the Federal Government is once again able to fully protect the fundamental right to vote. 
f 
REMEMBERING KASIA BOBER Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I wish to note the passing earlier this month of a treasured member of Chi-cago’s Polish community, Kasia Bober, at the age of 80. Back in August of 2005, I introduced a bill to grant honorary posthumous citi-zenship to Casimir Pulaski. I held a press conference in Chicago at the Pol-ish Museum of America in front of a giant painting of Pulaski at the Battle of Savannah. Afterward, I sat down with leaders from the Polish commu-nity to discuss various issues. Kasia joined us for the meeting and brought those famous pierogi and other treats from her deli. I learned firsthand why some consider her the ‘‘Pierogi Queen’’ of Chicago. Kasia’s story is like many immigrant stories in the great melting pot of Chi-cago. She came to the United States in 1974 in search of a better life. At first, she lived with relatives and was sepa-rated from her three children who re-mained in Poland. But after years of hard work, she was finally able to re-unite with her children and open her own deli. Kasia’s cooking quickly be-came a hit, especially her potato and cheese pierogi. Customers began to call from different States, which led to Kasia’s pierogi being available today in 26 States. Kasia’s pierogi are so well known that at least three U.S. Presidents have eaten them while in Chicago. In an article that appeared in the Chicago Sun-Times, her granddaughter recalled that President George H.W. Bush dined on Kasia’s pierogi while visiting the Copernicus Center, President Bill Clin-ton had some at the Taste of Chicago, and President Barack Obama ate a few during a Sister Cities festival. Polish labor leader Lech Walesa also enjoyed Kasia’s cooking on a trip to Chicago. It is quite the story for an immigrant who worked 7 days a week at multiple jobs while chasing her own American dream. Up until her passing, Kasia could still be found working at her namesake deli in Chicago’s Ukrainian Village neighborhood. Chicago’s ‘‘Pierogi Queen’’ may be gone, but she will not soon be forgotten. I offer my condolences to Kasia’s daughters, Barbara Jakubowicz and Maria Kordas; her son, Christopher; her sisters, Janina and Jozia; her six grandchildren; and her great-grand-child. f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS VANDEN BERK Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to thank Thom-as Vanden Berk for his extraordinary service to the city of Chicago. Tom has spent 40 years devoted to one cause: improving the lives of Chicago’s most vulnerable by working with children and families who have been abused, ne-glected, and traumatized. Earlier this year, Tom announced he would be re-tiring as chief executive officer of the Uhlich Children’s Advantage network, UCAN. In 1987, when Tom joined UCAN, it was a small shelter housing 50 boys and girls, operating under a $1.7 million budget and on the verge of closing. Under Tom’s direction, UCAN grew into a multifaceted and financially sound shelter focusing on child welfare programs, violence prevention, and strategies for combating gun violence. Today UCAN is a leading child welfare organization in Chicago with a new $41 million campus providing a full con-tinuum of over 30 programs, servicing more than 10,000 people every year. Tom’s been the recipient of numerous awards, including the ‘‘Friend of Child’’ award from the Illinois Council on Training; Peace Leader Award from the Illinois Council for the Prevention of Violence; and the Council for Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.074 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4716 June 29, 2016 
and Human Service Ministries Execu-tive of the Year award. Through Tom’s creative leadership and hard work, UCAN has become a vital sanctuary for young people, pro-viding security and healing for those who have suffered trauma. Over the last 29 years, Tom has built UCAN on one simple, but powerful premise: ‘‘Kids raised in violence are trauma-tized and trauma can be healed.’’ Tom knows trauma better than most. As a young boy, his father, a part-time jan-itor at their church, was killed when a boiler he was repairing exploded. And on April 25, 1992, when kids barged into a party and started shooting, Tom lost his 15-year-old son. After the shooting, one thing became clear: ‘‘these were kids with absurdly easy access to guns.’’ So Tom asked himself, ‘‘What am I going to do with this anger?’’ What he has done is become a leading voice and advocate in the campaign to reduce gun violence. Tom understands that it is not just a criminal justice issue; it is a public health crisis. After his son’s death, Tom realized that many of the troubled, neglected, and abused children that he spent his career working with had been trauma-tized by gun violence in their homes and community. His work through UCAN began to reflect that reality. He founded HELP for Survivors, a support group for parents who have lost loved ones to gun violence. Tom also became a founding member of the Bell Cam-paign, known today as the Million Mom March, which formed an alliance with the Brady Campaign in 2001. In 2002, Tom was named the Join To-gether Hero, which recognizes true leaders of the gun violence prevention movement. And in 2007, he received the Citizens Advocacy Award from the Illi-nois Council against Handgun Vio-lence. When asked to reflect on his career, Tom remains focused on the problems facing the community: not enough beds for impoverished kids who endure vio-lence, a ridiculously high number of shootings, effective gun laws blocked by the National Rifle Association, and on and on. He says, ‘‘I can’t sit here and say, ‘Oh, my God, I’ve done won-derful things and its better.’’’ We have a long way to go and progress is hard, but no one can deny the difference Tom has made. Just listen to those that know Tom and UCAN best—young people like Tatiara, who came to UCAN in 2012 through the Family Works program. Here is what she said: ‘‘UCAN takes you under their wing. You are not just another number but you are your own person. They really care about you. It’s like you’re part of a family.’’ Or take Alexis, a 23-year-old mother, whose daughter Aliyah was born premature with multiple complications including Down’s syndrome, a tethered spinal cord, and a heart defect. Here is what she said: ‘‘I would recommend UCAN because if you need something or need to get somewhere they will find the an-swer. I would be lost without them.’’ Alexis and Aliyah are 1 of more than 100 families that UCAN’s High-Risk In-fant Program provides preventive and supportive services to every year. These are just a couple of the countless success stories. I have visited UCAN and met the children it serves. Their stories are in-spiring. And I am thankful that UCAN is making a difference in the lives of so many young people in Illinois. So on behalf of all those UCAN has served during Tom Vanden Berk’s tenure, I want to tell him he has done wonderful things, and because of his passion and dedication, people’s lives have gotten better. Fortunately for Chicago, Tom isn’t going far. Later this summer, he will transition to CEO emeritus and will continue to fundraise and advocate for UCAN and the children and families it serves. I want to congratulate Thomas Vanden Berk on his distinguished ca-reer and thank him for all he has done—and all he will continue to do. Il-linois and the country are grateful for his service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TERI SPOUTZ Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have often remarked that the education of a Senator is a daunting task. Fortu-nately, the U.S. Senate is blessed with many talented staff who are dedicated to that challenge. Among them is Ms. Teri Spoutz, a professional staff member of the De-fense Appropriations Subcommittee for the past 5 years. To read through Teri’s accomplishments is to understand how fortunate the Senate is to be able to attract some of the best talent in Washington, DC. Teri grew up in southern California and began her career as a civilian at Los Angeles Air Force Base. As a finan-cial manager, she served in a variety of positions overseeing major acquisitions of satellites and rockets for the Air Force. Teri and her family then left sunny California for the cold, windswept plains of the missile fields at F.E. War-ren Air Force Base, WY, as her hus-band, Stephen, pursued his promising career as an Air Force officer. The Spoutz family landed in Washington, DC, in 2003, and Teri continued her work in the Pentagon. By 2008, Teri had been promoted to the Senior Executive Service as the Chief of Budget Investment for the De-partment of the Air Force. For nearly 3 years, Teri was the top financial overseer of all Air Force procurement, research and development, and mili-tary construction funding. In March 2011, Teri was persuaded to join the staff of the Defense Appropria-tions Subcommittee under the leader-ship of Chairman Daniel Inouye. Her expert knowledge of how the defense acquisition system works—and, too often, how it does not work—has re-sulted in many billions of dollars for our national defense being cut from underperforming programs and rein-vested in more important ones. As a staffer, she carried out in-depth reviews on the most important pro-grams in the Pentagon’s budget, in-cluding detailed annual examinations of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter, the largest weapons contract in the history of the Pentagon, and dozens of other large developmental and procurement programs. But Teri has always held a special in-terest in space. On the Defense Sub-committee, she led investigations into bringing competition to space launch, which in just the last year has shown can cut the cost of rockets by half. She was also vital in stopping an effort to cut off access to rocket engines that are vital to our national security, which could have resulted in billions of additional costs to the U.S. taxpayer. Teri is soon leaving the U.S. Senate. I thank her for her service on the De-fense Subcommittee, commend her for all that she has accomplished, and wish her and her family all the best. f 
INTERNET GAMBLING Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, in 2011, the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel, OLC, issued a legal opinion reversing 50 years of interpre-tation of the Wire Act. Lawyers there concluded the act does not ban gam-bling over the Internet, as long as the betting is not on the outcome of a sporting event. In effect, this opinion means the Jus-tice Department has stopped enforcing a law it had consistently enforced for five decades. Left on its own, the DOJ opinion could usher in the most funda-mental change in gambling in our life-times by turning every smartphone, tablet, and personal computer in our country into casinos available 24/7. The FBI has warned online casinos are susceptible to use for money laun-dering and other criminal activity, and online casinos are bound to prey on children and society’s most vulnerable. It took Congress a decade to develop the Wire Act. It took Congress 7 addi-tional years to enact the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act, the 2006 law giving law enforcement new tools to shut down online casinos. DOJ’s opinion gutted both laws. Despite the wide-ranging implica-tions of this opinion, there was no so-licitation of public comment, nor any input sought from State and local offi-cials. There is also no indication the Department considered the very sig-nificant law enforcement, social, and economic issues raised by Internet gambling. We note that a number of States have authorized Internet gambling, de-spite the fact the DOJ opinion does not carry the force of law, a fact confirmed by our Attorney General, who, in re-sponse to questions posed during her confirmation proceedings, wrote, ‘‘I am not aware of any statute or regulation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.076 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4717 June 29, 2016 
that gives OLC opinions the force of law.’’ The Attorney General is absolutely correct. Only Congress can change the Wire Act, and only the courts can in-terpret the act’s reach. To make clear that the Wire Act still bans all Internet gambling, the com-mittee report accompanying the CJS appropriations bill includes the fol-lowing statement: 
Internet Gambling.—Since 1961, the Wire Act has prohibited nearly all forms of gam-bling over interstate wires, including the Internet. However, beginning in 2011, certain States began to permit Internet gambling. The Committee notes that the Wire Act did not change in 2011. The Committee also notes that the Supreme Court of the United States has stated that ‘‘criminal laws are for courts, not for the Government, to con-strue.’’ Abramski v. U.S., 134 S.Ct. 2259, 2274, 2014, internal citation omitted. 
I was pleased to join with my col-league from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , in offering this language. I appreciate the chairman and the ranking member having agreed to have it included with this legislation. Any jurisdiction considering author-izing Internet gambling—and any enti-ty seeking to participate in offering online casinos in this country—is well advised to consider that the Justice Department decision of 2011 did not change the Wire Act. The question of whether there should be online casinos in this Nation has been polled widely over the past few years. It seems that no matter where one goes, Internet gambling is opposed by the public by wide margins, even in States where there is significant sup-port for land-based casinos. The public recognizes that there is something fundamentally different be-tween having to go to a destination to place a bet and having a casino come to you, in your own home or office on an electronic device. Regardless of how Senators may feel about this issue, I hope we can all agree that whether Internet gambling should be permitted in this country is a question for Congress to determine, not unelected Federal bureaucrats. 
f 
POSTPARTUM DEPRESSION Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I have come to the floor today to shed some light on the impacts of postpartum depression among our Na-tion’s mothers. Just a bit over a month ago, I sat down with a local Anchorage reporter as part of a series addressing the im-pacts of postpartum depression, PPD. As part of a four-part series, seven brave, strong, passionate women from the Anchorage community came for-ward and shared their stories. I joined those women in sharing my own ac-count of the difficulties I faced as I transitioned into my new role as a mother. I have been inspired by these women and other advocates that fight so hard to help raise awareness of PPD, and I wanted to share the story of one woman who lost her daughter to PPD. I met this woman shortly after I filmed my interview. She works in Anchorage and Wasilla, AK, as a child and adoles-cent psychiatrist and has always been passionate about providing care and support to children and adolescents in an effort to reduce and prevent suicide. She began to advocate for PPD after her daughter, Brittany, suffered and ul-timately lost her life to PPD. She was only 25 years old. Brittany was a bright, passionate, and lively young woman. She was born in Fairfax, VA in 1989. She excelled in school and graduated with an inter-national baccalaureate degree at age 16 from Mount Vernon High School. Brit-tany loved animals and dreamt of be-coming a sports veterinarian 1 day. She continued to excel academically while taking preveterinarian courses through the University of Pittsburg and later online through North Carolina State University. One of Brittany’s main life goals was to race in one of my favorite Alaskan events, the Iditarod. She owned, raced, and showed several Siberian Huskies, but also worked as a dog handler for Karen Ramstead as part of Karen’s preparation for the Iditarod. But above all else, Brittany considered mother-hood to be her greatest achievement. Sadly, she began to struggle with PPD after a complicated delivery re-sulting with her newborn son spending a week in the neonatal intensive care unit. Brittany suffered from violent and powerful emotions and sought treatment from her physicians for PPD. Her cries for help went unan-swered as her physicians were unable or were ill-equipped to help her. Around her son’s first birthday Brit-tany lost her battle with PPD. Shortly thereafter, a successful Iditarod ath-lete, DeeDee Janrowe, raced the Iditarod in Brittany’s honor. As I have said, Brittany was a bright, motivated, loving young woman who was stuck down early in her life because she did not have the access to the treatment she needed. Her story is one of many. PPD impacts women of every race, in-come, and background. All too often, women who have PPD feel helpless, overwhelmed, and con-fused. They may feel like they are not properly bonded with their babies or ill-equipped for parenthood and cannot understand what might have gone wrong. Often, we assume that with par-enthood comes immediate joy, but in fact, one in seven mothers nationwide will suffer from PPD. In Alaska, our numbers are twice the national average at one in three. There are some non-profit organization that seek to raise awareness and help women connect with treatment for PPD, but often, they are located in only the most popu-lous parts of a State, but what about the rural communities? What about the women who are unable to receive a proper screening, diagnosis, or treat-ment early on? That is why I support legislation like the Bringing Postpartum Depression Out of the Shadows Act, and I want to thank Senators ALEXANDER , M URRAY , C
ASSIDY , and M URPHY for including PPD in the Mental Health Reform Act. I have cosponsored both pieces of legis-lation because I believe we must do more to ensure the proper screening and treatment of PPD. I support efforts to improve culturally competent pro-grams that will help educate physi-cians, especially primary care pro-viders, on the proper detection and treatment of PPD. This will not only benefit the women suffering from PPD but improve the health and well-being of their children and their families as a whole. With so many mothers across Alaska and the Nation facing PPD, it is essential we put this issue at the forefront and openly discuss, educate, and improve our understanding of this illness. I stand here today in support of women all across the Nation facing PPD, and I will continue to advocate for the services they deserve. 
f 
LESBIAN, GAY, BISEXUAL, AND TRANSGENDER PRIDE MONTH 2016 Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate Lesbian, Gay, Bisex-ual, and Transgender, LGBT, Pride Month. Reaching back to Stonewall, June carries a special significance for LGBT individuals across the Nation. For more than 40 years LGBT Pride month has been a time for all Ameri-cans to celebrate the immeasurable contributions LGBT individuals have made to our great Nation, the progress the LGBT community has made in the U.S. and abroad, and the challenges faced in the fight for equality. America’s never-ending effort to be-come a ‘‘more perfect union’’ involves the long quest to secure equal rights and justice for the LGBT community by, as I just said, changing hearts, minds, and policy. The last year has seen hard-fought progress for the LGBT Americans. With the Supreme Court’s decision last June in Obergefell v. Hodges, same-sex marriage is now a funda-mental right in every State in the Union. After years of legal battles and families being told that the govern-ment would not recognize their love and mutual commitment in the same way it might view their neighbors, the Supreme Court finally ruled that equality is an inherently American value that should not be denied or taken away from anyone. And just this past Friday, President Obama des-ignated the historic site of the 1969 Stonewall Uprising in New York City as our Nation’s newest national monu-ment. This designation will create the first official National Park Service unit dedicated to telling the story of LGBT Americans. The LGBT community has made strides in righting past wrongs. I com-mend Defense Secretary Ash Carter for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.066 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4718 June 29, 2016 
adding sexual orientation to the U.S. military’s equal opportunity program. Roughly a year after that historic deci-sion, Eric Fanning, an eminently quali-fied public servant, with a long track record of working on behalf of the men, women, and families of our Armed Forces, finally was confirmed by the Senate to become the Secretary of the Army. Secretary Fanning is openly gay, and his confirmation reflects a long overdue but commonsense under-standing that sexual orientation and gender identity are not relevant to one’s ability to serve this nation. Our military was not alone in taking steps to ensure that all who wish to serve their country and community are able to do so without discrimination. The Boy Scouts of America an-nounced that, ‘‘the national executive board ratified a resolution removing the national restriction on openly gay leaders and employees.’’ I think this move by the Boy Scouts is worth noting because it impacts two issues that I find very important to the future of this country: the welfare of our children and encouraging civic in-volvement. The Boy Scouts of America are one of our most venerated civic or-ganizations serving young people. I be-lieve that no individual should be pre-vented from serving their country or enriching their community based on their sexual orientation or gender iden-tity. The Boy Scouts’ decision not to discriminate will lead to more well- rounded scouts. For as much progress as we have seen in the last year, there have been sev-eral recent events that show our need to recommit to building a more perfect union for all Americans. The shooting on June 12 in Orlando and attacks on LGBT individuals across the country and abroad show that in far too many places across the world, being openly LGBT still carries great risk. That an attacker would target this venue, especially during Gay Pride Month, is a horrific tragedy and a senseless loss of human lives. My deepest sympathies are with those killed and injured in this terror attack and hate crime, along with their families and loved ones. My thanks go out to the first responders who saved lives in the midst of such danger. There is no simple solution to preventing this type of tragedy. But one step that would help is for Con-gress to enact commonsense gun safety legislation in the coming days. American values of tolerance, com-passion, freedom, and love for thy neighbor must win out over hate, intol-erance, and homophobia. No one should fear for their lives simply because of who they are. This moral truism extends beyond the LGBT community. And so it is dis-turbing that State legislatures have re-cently taken steps to breathe new life into the defunct and deplorable prac-tice of separate but equal facilities. At-tempts to restrict the use of public fa-cilities by transgender people is unset-tling to say the least. As a ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Spe-cial Representative on Anti-Semitism, Racism, and Intolerance for the Orga-nization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, OSCE, Parliamentary As-sembly, I take special note when for-eign legislatures take steps to codify discrimination. When we see discrimination hap-pening in our own society, we must take action. In our democracy, state-sponsored discrimination sends two strong mes-sages. First, it tells those who are being discriminated against that the government does not fully recognize you as an equal member of the society. Secondly, it sends a not-so-subtle wink and a nod to private citizens and busi-nesses that further discrimination and abuse will be tolerated. Thankfully, Americans of every gen-der sexual orientation, and gender identity have spoken out against these laws. In the U.S. Senate, I have been a proud ally of the LGBT community and will continue to oppose efforts to re-turn to a time when our government- sanctioned discrimination. This struggle for equal rights con-tinues not only in our States, but here in the Congress. The House of Rep-resentatives, for example, recently considered a provision to prevent busi-nesses that contract with the U.S. Gov-ernment from discriminating against LGBT employees. It is shameful that, in 2016, the Congress of the United States of America cannot agree that discriminating against Americans based on a core identifying char-acteristic is wrong, just as it is illegal to discriminate on the basis of race or religion. Congress should take up and pass the Equality Act, which I am proud to co-sponsor, which would provide com-prehensive antidiscrimination protec-tion for LGBT individuals in areas such as housing, education, employment, credit, and public accommodations. Congress should take up and pass my End Racial Profiling Act, which pro-hibits discriminatory profiling by law enforcement officers, including profiling based on gender, gender iden-tity, or sexual orientation. As ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I have worked to put international human rights at the forefront of U.S. foreign policy, whenever possible. The inter-national community has made notable strides in ensuring that LGBT individ-uals are treated with the respect and dignity that all people deserve. Nepal took the commendable step of including LGBT protections in their new constitution. Malta, Ireland, Thai-land, Bolivia, and Vietnam all passed laws protecting transgender individ-uals. Ukraine outlawed LGBT workplace discrimination, Kazakhstan struck down a dangerous anti-LGBT law, and Mozambique decriminalized homosex-uality. These are small but important steps. But as much as we can and should celebrate global progress on these mat-ters, we have also seen troubling set-backs. In too many countries, being LGBT still is criminalized or met with violence, most recently with the brutal murder of Xulhaz Mannan, a USAID employee at the U.S. Embassy in Ban-gladesh and editor of Bangladesh’s first and only LGBT magazine. Tragically, what happened to Mr. Mannan in Ban-gladesh is seen over and over again around the world. LGBT rights are human rights, and as we engage with the international community on human rights, we must prioritize LGBT rights. As I said at the beginning of my re-marks, the American experience is about individuals working together to build a more perfect union by changing hearts, minds, and policy. Since our founding, the U.S. Senate has played a key role in achieving this goal. It is very clear that ensuing LGBT Ameri-cans are afforded all the same rights and protections as their neighbors is central to building that more perfect union. The Senate should stand as a bulwark against intolerance and guard-ian of civil rights for LGBT individuals everywhere. Before I conclude my remarks, I would like to recognize the Baltimore Pride Celebration. Baltimore Pride will be held for the 41st time on July 19–24. Baltimore has a strong LGBT commu-nity with a long history of activism and civic engagement. The Baltimore Pride Celebration is a chance to cele-brate all the amazing contributions LGBT Baltimoreans make to my home-town. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HOWARD HAYES Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Pearl Harbor sur-vivor and World War II veteran, How-ard Hayes. Mr. Hayes was aboard United States Coast Guard Cutter Roger B. Taney, USCGC TANEY, and moored in Honolulu Harbor as the at-tack on Pearl Harbor occurred right next door. It gives me great pleasure to honor Mr. Hayes for his bravery and service during World War II, especially on that specific day, December 7, 1941, when he selflessly placed his life on the line to defend our Nation. Mr. Hayes joined the U.S. Coast Guard on October 21, 1940, and served on USCGC TANEY as a cook second class. His battle station was manning the range finder on the bridge of the ship. On December 7, 1941, when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, Mr. Hayes saw the planes flying overhead and knew it was not a drill. After ar-riving at the range finder, Mr. Hayes and his crewmates were able to shoot down four planes during the attack. I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. Hayes for his service and sacrifice, which are invaluable to our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.069 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4719 June 29, 2016 
Recently, Honor Flight Nevada transported Mr. Hayes to see his ship for the first time in 71 years and made arrangements so that he could go on-board USCGC TANEY. During his visit, Mr. Hayes saluted the flag and honored his fallen comrades. He is the last known surviving member of the ship’s crew from that day. This is truly an in-credible opportunity provided by Honor Flight Nevada. No words or actions can adequately thank Mr. Hayes for his service, but those who went above and beyond to make this trip possible stand as examples of how we should honor our veterans. As a World War II veteran, Mr. Hayes’ commitment to his country, as well as his dedication to his family and community, exemplify why the legacy of all World War II veterans must be preserved for generations to come. These veterans truly are the Greatest Generation, selflessly serving not for recognition, but because it was the right thing to do. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsi-bility not only to honor these brave in-dividuals, but to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Mr. Hayes displayed true courage and loyalty in defending our country, espe-cially on that historic day during the attack on Pearl Harbor. I am both humbled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Ne-vadan. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Hayes for all that he has done for our country. I wish him well in his future endeavors. 
f 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COM-MISSIONING OF USS ‘‘NEVADA,’’ SSBN 733 Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 30th anniversary of the commissioning of USS Nevada, SSBN 733. I am proud to honor one of Nevada’s namesake ships and all Amer-icans that served aboard her. Launched on September 14, 1985, USS Nevada, SSBN 733, is a U.S. Navy Ohio- class ballistic missile submarine and the fourth U.S. Navy ship named in honor of our great State. She was spon-sored by Carol Laxalt, the wife of then- U.S. Senator Paul Laxalt. Upon launch, Captain F.W. Rohm was in command of the Blue Crew, and Cap-tain William Stone led the Gold Crew. The submarine was then commissioned on August 16, 1986. She is now one of eight Ohio-class ballistic submarines homeported at Naval Base Kitsap-Ban-gor, where crews have worked tire-lessly to preserve this national treas-ure. It gives me great pleasure to honor the history and heritage of this ship and her crew members who sacrificed so much defending our freedoms. The brave men and women serving in the U.S. Navy have demonstrated true commitment to our Nation with their selfless actions and exemplify why the legacy of all veterans must be pre-served for generations to come. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals, but to ensure they are cared for after their return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation, including those who served on USS Nevada, SSBN 733. Today I ask that we recognize the 30th anniversary of the commissioning of USS Nevada, SSBN 733, and all that sailed aboard her. I am both humbled and honored to commemorate these brave men and women and to celebrate this important milestone. May we never forget the legacy of this great submarine and her gallant crew. f 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF GUILFORD, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 200th anni-versary of the town of Guilford, ME. Located in the heart of the beautiful Maine Highlands on the banks of the mighty Piscataquis River, Guilford was built with a spirit of determination and resiliency that still guides the commu-nity today. Guilford’s incorporation on February 8, 1816, was but one milestone on a long journey of progress. For thousands of years, Maine’s Western Mountains were the hunting grounds of the Abenaki Tribe. The reverence the Abenaki had for the natural beauty and resources of the region is upheld by the people of Guilford today. Early settlers at the dawn of the 19th century were drawn by fertile soil, vast forests, and fast-moving waters, which they turned into productive farms and busy mills. With the Piscataquis pro-viding power, Guilford became one of the premier manufacturing commu-nities in northern New England, with skilled workers producing everything from textiles and furniture to tooth-picks and violin strings. The wealth produced by the land and, by hard work, innovation, and determination, was invested in schools and churches to create a true community. Guilford is a town of patriots. Throughout the town’s history, the men and women of Guilford have stepped forward to serve our Nation, and the veterans memorial stands in solemn tribute. It is significant that a highlight of this year’s bicentennial celebration was the rededication of the Guilford Memorial Bridge in their honor. Guilford is a town of involved citi-zens. The active historical society, vol-unteer fire department, and library are evidence of a strong community spirit. The planning and volunteerism that have gone into this yearlong bicenten-nial celebration are evidence that Guilford’s spirit grows only stronger. This 200th anniversary is not just about something that is measured in calendar years. It is an occasion to cel-ebrate the people who for more than two centuries have worked together and cared for one another. Thanks to those who came before, Guilford has a wonderful history. Thanks to those who are there today, it has a bright fu-ture. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GARRY RAYNO ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor one of New Hampshire’s finest and most respected journalists, Garry Rayno of the New Hampshire Union Leader. Garry is set to retire after a long and impressive career covering news and people in the Granite State. Today, he and his wife, Carolyn, live in Bow, just a few miles from our State’s capital. Garry currently works in the Union Leader’s State House Bu-reau, where he has had a front-row seat for debates that impact the future of our State. These days, he is perhaps best known for writing the State House Dome column, a must-read round-up of political news for readers following events at the State House in Concord. As a first-rate journalist, Garry has committed himself to putting forth the facts and figures so that New Hamp-shire residents can be apprised of legis-lation, votes, and negotiations that im-pact their daily lives. His writing al-lows readers access to detailed ac-counts of everything from political ca-reers of New Hampshire State rep-resentatives to our State’s efforts to combat the opioid abuse epidemic. It has been a pleasure to work with Garry over the years during my time at the attorney general’s office. We will certainly miss his straightforward analysis and reports of what’s hap-pening in Concord. Since announcing his retirement, numerous letters to the editor by citizens and elected officials alike have been published in the Union Leader, thanking Garry and lauding his excellent and informative coverage of the Legislature. I join with New Hampshire residents, as well as his colleagues, in thanking Garry for his unparalleled service to our State and commitment to journal-istic integrity. I am very proud to cele-brate and recognize Garry, and I wish him and his wife, Carolyn, all the best as they enter this new chapter. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DONNA KELLEY ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Donna Kelley, a longtime reporter and anchor at KARN News Radio in Little Rock, who passed away last weekend. Donna made the move from Orlando to Little Rock to join the KARN news team 14 years ago. Her voice quickly became a mainstay on the airwaves in central Arkansas, where listeners turned to her as a trusted source of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.068 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4720 June 29, 2016 
news. In turn, Donna quickly embraced her newly adopted hometown and spoke of Little Rock with the love of a lifelong resident. Any time there was breaking news, Donna would immediately track down everyone who could add to the story. I was always happy to talk with Donna as her sunny disposition, positive out-look, and understanding of Arkansas and the issues made for an enjoyable conversation. In fact, with her cheerful demeanor and her great radio voice, I often joked with her about how she should have her own Delilah-style radio show. But Donna’s true passion was the news. You could tell that in her metic-ulous reporting on breaking news and how she tenaciously stayed on top of the stories that mattered to her lis-teners in an ever-changing news cycle. You could easily judge how well-re-spected as a journalist Donna was, as well as how much she was liked on a personal level, by the outpouring of kind words that were shared upon the news of her passing. Public officials, fellow journalists, and KARN listeners all shared their stories of how much Donna meant to them on a professional and personal level in news reports and social media messages. This sentiment was shared by her colleagues at KARN. ‘‘Donna was at her happiest when she was working on a news story and never let anything keep her from getting her job done,’’ said Cumulus market man-ager Keith Liesmann. ‘‘She was a friend to everyone she worked with.’’ My thoughts and prayers go out to Donna’s friends, family, and col-leagues. Her voice will truly be missed.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE COOPERATION BETWEEN THE CITIES OF VICKS-BURG, MISSISSIPPI, AND DAY-TON, OHIO ∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my appreciation to the Dayton Development Coalition, the city of Dayton, OH, and the Air Force Research Laboratory for recently hosting city officials and community leaders from Vicksburg, MS. Rep-resentatives from the Mississippi De-velopment Authority, Mississippi State University, and the U.S. Army Engi-neer Research and Development Center also joined this trip to share ideas about how these two communities can continue their progress in support of these two critically important Depart-ment of Defense laboratories. I would like to especially recognize Jeff Hoagland, Michael Gessel, and John Ingham of the Dayton Develop-ment Coalition for the guidance and in-sight they have provided and continue to provide to the Vicksburg commu-nity. I also appreciate Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley and the offices of the Sen-ators from Ohio for their hospitality and insight. We hope that this is the beginning of a long and prosperous re-lationship between the city of Vicks-burg, MS, and the city of Dayton, OH. I look forward to our continued work together and hope that Vicksburg will be able to host a delegation from Day-ton in the near future.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DAWSON COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS AND DEAN MYER ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize the students of Dawson County High School and Indus-trial Arts teacher Dean Myer. Thanks to their initiative and hard work, chil-dren and families in Dawson County will be able to create wonderful memo-ries this summer at Penninger Park. Due to staffing issues and delays at the Public Works Office, brandnew playground equipment had been sitting dormant in a storage unit for over a year and a half. The students and their teacher, Mr. Myer, recognized the prob-lem and proactively decided pull the equipment out and construct it for all to enjoy. Hands-on problem-solving is a won-derful Montana lesson, and I am proud to see our educators teaching the next generation practical skills in an inno-vative and community centered man-ner. With an eagerness to learn and help their community, they started work on the project in April and com-pleted it before the end of the school year. The students in Mr. Myers’ class took on nearly every aspect of this project from reading the blue prints and measuring the site to learning how to operate complicated equipment. I am so impressed with the proactive teaching of Mr. Myer. I truly believe that you remember a lesson a lot longer if it requires you to get a little dirt under your fingernails. Along with technical skills, the stu-dents learned an invaluable lesson on how to work together. Their teacher says, ‘‘One thing the class really em-phasizes is getting along with other workers.’’ Thanks to their cooperation, Jack Rice, Glendive Public Works di-rector, is now hoping to collaborate with Mr. Myers and future classes on upcoming community projects. Their camaraderie and hard work will leave a lasting impact on the com-munity of Glendive. For years to come, this park will be a place where Mon-tanans can come to run, climb, laugh, and enjoy the outdoors. In 20 years, I hope that those responsible for this park will return to take their children to play on the slides and jungle gym they helped build. Thank you to the students and Mr. Meyer. I look forward to hearing about the next innovative work you will do together to benefit Montanans in the future.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, June 29, 2016, he has signed the following en-rolled bill, which was previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
AR-
RIS): 
H.R. 3114. An act to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preser-vation activities, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4902. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 3110. A bill to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5952. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pentaerythritol tetrakis (3-(3,5-di- tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)propionate); Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9947–45) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5953. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-propenoic acid, 2-methyl-, 2- oxiranylmethyl ester, polymer with ethene, ethenyl acetate, ethenyltrimethoxysilane and sodium ethenesulfonate (1:1); Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9947–34) received in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.072 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4721 June 29, 2016 
the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5954. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General David L. Mann, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5955. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Mi-chael S. Tucker, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5956. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Jeffrey W. Talley, United States Army Re-serve, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5957. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inflation Adjust-ment of Civil Monetary Penalties’’ (RIN1990– AA46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5958. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Settlement In-tervals and Shortage Pricing in Markets Op-erated by Regional Transmission Organiza-tions and Independent System Operators’’ ((RIN1902–AF12) (Docket No. RM15–24–000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5959. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Dehumidifiers’’ ((RIN1904– AC81) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT–STD–0027)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5960. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Ad-justment Rate’’ ((RIN2020–AA51) (FRL No. 9948–48–OECA)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5961. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; New Jersey, Carbon Monoxide Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9948–57–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5962. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Revisions to the New Source Review State Implementation Plan; Air Permit Procedure Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9948–47–Region 6) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5963. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Baton Rouge Nonattainment Area; Base Year Emissions Inventory for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9948–60-Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5964. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards ‘‘(FRL No. 9948–58-Region 1) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5965. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Re-port to Congress on the Comprehensive Com-munity Mental Health Services for Children with Serious Emotional Disturbances’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5966. A communication from the Chair, Advisory Council on Alzheimer’s Research, Care, and Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report that includes recommenda-tions for improving federally and privately funded Alzheimer’s programs; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5967. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6539)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5968. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6547)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5969. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2458)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5970. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5592)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5971. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1428)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5972. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2965)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5973. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4814)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5974. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled’’ Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3988)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5975. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–7532)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5976. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0657)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5977. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3970)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5978. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2013–0734)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5979. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Division 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.023 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4722 June 29, 2016 
Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4474)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5980. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4344)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5981. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–1363)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5982. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Kaman Aerospace Corpora-tion’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–0183)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5983. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Specialist, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Glid-ers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 1130)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5984. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–5539)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5985. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0338)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5986. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘IFR Alti-tudes; Miscellaneous Amendments’’ ((RIN2120–AA63) (Docket No. 31075)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5987. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Hollis, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0835)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5988. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Moriarty, NM’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8060)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5989. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Danville, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4836)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5990. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Ketchum, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–1288)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5991. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Horseshoe Bend, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 5802)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5992. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Deer Lodge, MT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3773)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5993. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Coldwater, KS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–5194)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5994. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (89); Amdt. No. 3692’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5995. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (45); Amdt. No. 3691’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5996. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (34); Amdt. No. 3689’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5997. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (97); Amdt. No. 3690’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5998. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Driving of Commercial Motor Vehicles: Use of Seat Belts’’ (RIN2126–AB87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5999. A communication from the Acting Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Director for Financial Management, Office of the Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Sec-retary for Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Adjustments for Inflation’’ (RIN0605–AA44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 28, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3117. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–290). By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1870. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire qualifying busi-nesses, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. Peggy E. Gustafson, of Maryland, to be In-spector General, Department of Commerce. *Michael A. Khouri, of Kentucky, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2021. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.025 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4723 June 29, 2016 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 3107. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a tem-porary exception to the application of the Medicare long-term care hospital site neu-tral provisions for certain spinal cord spe-cialty hospitals; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 3108. A bill to decrease the incidence of food waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 3109. A bill to require Inspectors General to make open recommendations publicly available; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S COTT, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): S. 3110. A bill to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other pur-poses; read the first time. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3111. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the 7.5 percent threshold for the medical expense deduction for individuals age 65 or older; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 3112. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report re-garding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain high-level employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3113. A bill to amend Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for training and support services for families and care-givers of people living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease or a related dementia; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 3114. A bill to express the sense of the Senate regarding the safe and expeditious re-settlement to Albania of all residents of Camp Liberty; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3115. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to a national pedi-atric research network; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. G ARD-
NER): S. 3116. A bill to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRAHAM: S. 3117. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. WARNER ): S. 3118. A bill to amend the Commodity Ex-change Act to clarify which fees the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission may assess and collect, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. L
EE): S. 3119. A bill to require reductions in the direct cost of Federal regulation that are proportional to the amount of increases in the debt ceiling; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. VITTER: S. 3120. A bill to apply the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to Congressional members and members of the executive branch; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: S. 3121. A bill to require the Secretary of the Army to carry out a comprehensive as-sessment and management plan to restore aquatic ecosystems in the North Atlantic coast region; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B OOK-
ER, and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. 3122. A bill to reinstate Federal Pell Grant eligibility for individuals incarcerated in Federal and State penal institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
OT-
TON): S. 3123. A bill to provide for the continu-ation with respect to the United Kingdom of existing commercial agreements between the United States and the European Union, to encourage the President to expeditiously ne-gotiate a new comprehensive bilateral trade agreement with the United Kingdom, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 3124. A bill to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to take into cus-tody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of an-other person, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. 3125. A bill to establish a designation for jurisdictions permissive to terrorism financ-ing, to build the capacity of partner nations to investigate, prosecute, and hold account-able terrorist financiers, to impose restric-tions on foreign financial institutions that provide financial services for terrorist orga-nizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. R
ISCH): S.J. Res. 36. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to parental rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. Res. 515. A resolution welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States and reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encom-passing broad and robust economic, military- to-military, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism cooperation; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ): S. Res. 516. A resolution relative to the death of Pat Summitt, head coach emeritus of the University of Tennessee women’s bas-ketball team; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. D AINES , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. B OOKER , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. Res. 517. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R EID, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. Res. 518. A resolution designating July 23, 2016, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. Res. 519. A resolution recognizing the 300th anniversary and historical significance of the city of Natchez, Mississippi; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 6 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 6, a bill to reform our govern-ment, reduce the grip of special inter-est, and return our democracy to the American people through increased transparency and oversight of our elec-tions and government. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide pro-tections for certain sports medicine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.015 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4724 June 29, 2016 
professionals who provide certain med-ical services in a secondary State. 
S. 785 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 785, a bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal a certain exemption for hydraulic fracturing, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex rehabilita-tion technology items under the Medi-care program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1089 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1089, a bill to encourage and support partnerships between the pub-lic and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1500 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1500, a bill to clarify Con-gressional intent regarding the regula-tion of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated serv-ice of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1663 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1663, a bill to better protect, serve, and advance the rights of vic-tims of elder abuse and financial ex-ploitation by encouraging States and other qualified entities to hold offend-ers accountable, enhance the capacity of the justice system to investigate, pursue, and prosecute elder abuse cases, identify existing resources to le-verage to the extent possible, and as-sure data collection, research, and evaluation to promote the efficacy and efficiency of the activities described in this Act. S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and development of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tia, to encourage efforts to enhance de-tection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the quality and effi-ciency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2193 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2193, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved and for other purposes. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competi-tive acquisition rates to complex reha-bilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2386 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2386, a bill to authorize the establishment of the Stonewall Na-tional Historic Site in the State of New York as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
UR-
PHY) were added as cosponsors of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or in-vestment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. S. 2590 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2590, a bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to improve ac-cess to, and the delivery of, children’s health services through school-based health centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
EL-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2712 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2712, a bill to restore amounts im-properly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individ-uals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for com-bat-related injuries, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2795 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2795, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 2822 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2822, a bill to continue the use of a 3-month quarter EHR reporting pe-riod for health care providers to dem-onstrate meaningful use for 2016 under the Medicare and Medicaid EHR incen-tive payment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Se-curity Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2960 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2960, a bill to establish certain du-ties for pharmacies to ensure provision of Food and Drug Administration-ap-proved contraception, and for other purposes. 
S. 2962 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2962, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.027 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4725 June 29, 2016 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mari-ners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 3026 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3026, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identification information and to re-quire providers of telephone service to offer technology to subscribers to re-duce the incidence of unwanted tele-phone calls, and for other purposes. 
S. 3031 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3031, a bill to require cer-tain standards and enforcement provi-sions to prevent child abuse and ne-glect in residential programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3060 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3060, a bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reimbursement ar-rangements. 
S. 3083 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3083, a bill to provide housing op-portunities in the United States through modernization of various hous-ing programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3095 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3095, a bill to prohibit sale of shark fins and for other purposes. 
S. 3106 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3106, a bill to provide a coordinated regional re-sponse to effectively manage the en-demic violence and humanitarian crisis in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Hon-duras. 
S.J. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 35, a joint resolution providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relat-ing to ‘‘Interpretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Management Reporting and Dis-closure Act’’. S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 504 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 504, a resolution recognizing the 70th anni-versary of the Fulbright Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4875 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4875 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4900 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4900 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4904 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4904 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4909 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4909 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4911 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4911 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4918 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4918 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses. AMENDMENT NO . 4919 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4919 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4920 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4920 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4921 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4921 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4923 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4923 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2328, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. VITTER: S. 3120. A bill to apply the provisions of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act to Congressional mem-bers and members of the executive branch; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss a really outrageous abuse of power on the part of Members of this body, Members of the House, Washington officials in general. While imposing ObamaCare on everyone else, officials in Washington have largely exempted themselves from ObamaCare’s most inconvenient as-pects through yet another illegal Obama Executive action that created the Washington exemption from ObamaCare. Unfortunately, this is not a new practice on the part of the Washington elite. Washington lawmakers often cre-ate or support exemptions for them-selves from the laws they pass on ev-eryone else. This undemocratic prac-tice dates back to the 19th century at least—the Civil Service Act of 1883; the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, com-ing into the 20th century; the Freedom of Information Act of 1966. The list goes on and on. As the late Representative Henry Hyde is famously quoted as saying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.028 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4726 June 29, 2016 
many years ago, ‘‘Congress would ex-empt itself from the law of gravity if it could.’’ That is sadly true, and this practice must end. I have always believed the first rule of an American democracy should be that whatever Washington passes on America, it should have to live under itself—no special exemptions, no spe-cial subsidies, no special deals, no spe-cial treatment. This rule is important for two reasons. The first reason is basic fairness. It is simply not fair for a select group of elites to live by a dif-ferent and more beneficial set of rules than everyone else. The second reason, perhaps even more importantly, is a key practical reason; that is, when you make the chef eat his own cooking, it almost always gets better and often in a hurry. Congress can be an effective, responsive, truly representative legis-lative body only when it lives under the same laws it imposes on the rest of the country. Passing ObamaCare, the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, was a huge, complicated undertaking on the part of its advocates. Related to that, it was certainly telling when then- Speaker of the House N
ANCY PELOSI no-toriously declared: ‘‘We have to pass the bill so we can find out what is in it.’’ After passing the bill, when Mem-bers of Congress realized what was in it for them, they scurried to figure out a scheme that would protect their own elite health care, including taxpayer- funded subsidies that don’t exist in the ObamaCare statute at all, much less for anyone else. Of course, there were even more seri-ous problems in the ObamaCare statute for all Americans. When President Obama signed ObamaCare into law in March of 2010, it consisted of poorly written language that imposed drastic and unwanted health insurance changes on countless Americans. De-spite the President’s promise that Americans could keep their existing in-surance, the law said otherwise. The cost of complying or failing to comply with ObamaCare belied the President’s false assurances. In the following months, insurers and employers and Americans realized this through the cancellation or non-renewals of insurance plans for mil-lions of Americans. Ultimately, mil-lions of American workers faced bur-dens, including losing their individual and employer-provided coverage, being forced into alternatives that involved paying higher premiums with un-wanted or useless new coverage, and having to change doctors and health care providers against their will. As I said earlier, simultaneous with all of this, Members of Congress start-ed to realize what was in ObamaCare for them. When they passed ObamaCare, they had revoked Congress’s own generous health care coverage and the monthly employer government premium contributions that went with it. Prior to ObamaCare, Members of Congress and their staff received health insurance coverage through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, or the FEHBP, run by the Of-fice of Personnel Management. It had served as the health care network for Federal workers since 1959. In 2013 alone, FEHBP represented the country’s largest employer-sponsored health insurance program, with costs approaching $32.4 billion in premiums for about 8 million enrollees. One of the benefits of FEHBP was the wide va-riety of health insurance policies that provided coverage for individuals and their family members. Even more im-portant was that FEHBP provided a taxpayer-funded government contribu-tion to each enrollee’s monthly pre-mium. In 2013 alone, the maximum FEHBP averaged $413 a month or almost $5,000 per year for individual coverage, and $920 a month or over $10,000 a year for family coverage. An added bonus was that these tax-payer-funded contributions counted as tax-free income to employees. This is certainly a great benefit for Federal employees, and I absolutely believe they should be treated fairly in return for the public service they provide. I also believe Congress has to follow the law as written, and that is when we get to ObamaCare. ObamaCare very clearly and specifi-cally changed all of this. It mandated that Members of Congress and congres-sional staff give up that FEHBP cov-erage beginning January 1, 2014, and join an ObamaCare health insurance exchange. The relevant section of the act is crystal clear. It says: ‘‘Notwith-standing any other provisions of law, after the effective date of this subtitle, the only health plans that the Federal Government may make available to Members of Congress and congressional staff with respect to their services as a Member of Congress or congressional staff shall be health plans that are—(I) created under this Act (or an amend-ment made by this Act); or (II) offered through an Exchange established under this Act (or an amendment made by this Act).’’ It changed our entire coverage, clear-ly, unequivocally. The word ‘‘notwith-standing’’ means ‘‘in spite of,’’ sweep-ing aside any other provision of law. It definitively dictates that section 1312(d)(3)(D) takes precedence over any other conflicting provision in the bill or anywhere in the code. Some folks may not like that, but that is the law. That became the law, clearly and un-equivocally, when ObamaCare was passed into law. It didn’t have to be exactly that way. For instance, Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY  introduced an amendment during de-bate on the ObamaCare bill that would have changed this final language re-garding how ObamaCare impacts Con-gress. The Grassley amendment clearly described which Federal employees were subject to the law and must enroll on the new exchanges. That wasn’t dif-ferent. It included the President, the Vice President, each Member of Con-gress, each political appointee, and each congressional employee, but it also permitted Federal employees to continue receiving the employer-gov-ernment contributions like those re-ceived under FEHBP. However, the Senate never voted on that language, on that Grassley amendment, before ObamaCare became law. Even more telling, even more significant, after ObamaCare became law, Senator GRASSLEY again offered that language. He got a vote then, and that language was defeated in the Senate 56 to 43. The final Obama language very clear-ly states Members of Congress must purchase their health insurance on a State-based or Federal exchange, and it has absolutely no provision for a rich, taxpayer-funded subsidy. That is why I followed that law. I personally signed up for health insurance on Louisiana’s individual health care exchange. It definitely costs me more money, and it definitely costs my family more money, but that is what the law says we have to do. As millions of Americans face the possibility of losing the health insur-ance they had that they liked and wanted to keep, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, Members of Congress faced increased expenses on their own personal new health insurance plans. Which of these two problems do you think Congress scrambled to solve? You guessed it—their own; not all of America’s problems, the Washington elite’s problems. They made a deter-mined effort to find a way to protect themselves, and sadly this was a fully bipartisan, bicameral effort that ulti-mately led to Washington’s exemption from ObamaCare. With the January 1, 2014, deadline quickly approaching for Congress to give up its FEHBP benefits, congres-sional leadership scrambled for a solu-tion. Press reports at the time indi-cated that top lawmakers initiated confidential talks with Obama admin-istration officials to carve out a suit-able exemption from ObamaCare. After extended closed-door delibera-tions, a proposal emerged that involved using OPM, the Office of Personnel Management, to promulgate a special agency rule that only applied to Con-gress. During the rulemaking process, OPM admitted that ‘‘many com-menters expressed their view that a Government contribution is antithet-ical to the intent of Section 1312 of the Affordable Care Act, which they inter-pret to require Members of Congress and congressional staff to purchase the same health insurance available to pri-vate citizens on the Exchanges. Com-menters asserted that Members of Con-gress and congressional staff should be subject to the same requirements as citizens purchasing insurance on the Exchanges, including individual re-sponsibility for premiums and income restrictions for premium assistance.’’ That was in Politico, and I certainly agree with the sentiment. That is what ObamaCare and the statute said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.038 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4727 June 29, 2016 
Members of Congress should abso-lutely live under the laws they pass. Unfortunately, though, under this clev-erly hatched scheme, OPM disregarded these comments and moved forward with its insider rule. Through illegal executive action—an executive action contrary to the ObamaCare statute— the final OPM rule in effect declared Congress to be a small business so that Members of Congress and staff could purchase plans on DC’s small business exchange explicitly reserved under the ObamaCare statute for small busi-nesses of 50 employees or fewer. This rule also permitted the Washington in-siders to receive a generous employer contribution toward their premiums that is not noted anywhere in the ObamaCare statute. OPM’s final rule did two things: First, it allowed all Members of Con-gress and staff to purchase insurance on this DC small business exchange created for small businesses. It was clearly created for businesses with 50 employees or fewer. Second, it made sure that the small employer contribu-tion would be equal to Congress’s pre-viously acquired FEHBP contributions. With OPM’s final rule, Members of Congress and congressional staff would not have to pay any extra out-of-pock-et expenses like so many millions on the ObamaCare exchanges had to pay. I guess this is great news for Con-gress, but there are major problems with this final rule that make it just flatout wrong and flatout illegal and contrary to the ObamaCare statute. The first thing that makes it flatout wrong is that it was specific to Mem-bers of Congress and congressional staff—a solution for the Washington in-siders when millions of Americans con-tinued to suffer the serious negative consequences of ObamaCare. Second, it suggested it pushed Con-gress into this DC small business ex-change when Congress is obviously not a small business and this exchange was created for the benefit of small busi-nesses. Third, the relevant statute in ObamaCare says nothing about any employer subsidy for members of staff, no taxpayer-funded subsidy, and yet OPM’s rule created this out of thin air. A fourth problem is one of the most egregious examples of how big a scam this rule is. Members of Congress actu-ally have the option to designate any or all of their staff as ‘‘not official,’’ thus allowing the staff to stay on their old FEHBP plans to avoid the ex-changes altogether, which was the in-tent of that ObamaCare provision. This completely frustrates the crystal-clear language of ObamaCare for those staff members in a blatant way. Again, that problem is egregious and just under-scores how big a scam this rule is. Those staff members use official tax-payer-funded resources. They get pay-checks funded by the taxpayer. It is of-ficial. They use official letterhead, offi-cial everything, official resources, but somehow they are not official for pur-poses of this ObamaCare provision. That is outrageous. In 2014, when all of this went into ef-fect, I served as the ranking member on the Senate EPW Committee. I cer-tainly considered all of my staff, in-cluding committee staff, to be official government employees. It is obvious they were. I made sure they were all designated as official and had to go to the exchanges. When I took over as chairman of the Small Business Com-mittee last year, I again absolutely did the right thing and designated my committee staff, as well as my per-sonal staff, as official. They clearly are official. Let’s go back to the OPM rule. In order for U.S. House and Senate Mem-bers and staff to enroll in this DC small business exchange, the Senate and the House of Representatives had to sub-mit online applications. In September 2014, Judicial Watch, a government watchdog organization, asked for and eventually received several documents from the DC Health Benefits Exchange Authority in response to their Freedom of Information Act request related to Congress receiving benefits under this DC small business exchange. The docu-ments included nine pages of applica-tions completed and submitted online for U.S. House and Senate Members and for House staff to enroll on that DC small business exchange. If the House and Senate completed the online applications with truthful information, they would have been automatically rejected on the com-puter by the DC exchange software sys-tem based on employee size and other prohibitive factors. What happened? Well, as you can see, what was sub-mitted were blatantly false applica-tions—applications with completely and blatantly false information. We have an example from the U.S. Senate. First, all of the applications state that each legislative body—the House on the one hand and the Senate on the other—employed 45 full-time equiva-lent employees during the previous cal-endar year. In order to get on this small business exchange, they were asked how many employees—the U.S. House of Representatives, 45; the U.S. Senate, 45. Here is the number right here on the application. It is blatantly, obviously, and laughably false. Second, all three applications include blatantly false employee names and birth dates that were asked to be list-ed. Third, they falsified the category of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. Both Federal legisla-tive bodies were entitled as State or local government entities to squeeze onto this small business exchange. It should be noted that the applica-tions submitted on behalf of the House on the one hand and the Senate on the other contain these three identical misrepresentations. These identical false statements are evidence of a care-fully coordinated scheme. The two forms allege exactly the same erro-neous number of full-time equivalent employees—45—just under the max-imum allowed of 50. They contain the exact same false employee name and birth date information. They use ex-actly the same false employer classi-fication, State and local government. The coordinated effort shown on both applications likely originated from the same source who either personally completed them or gave instructions to others on how to complete them. Knowingly filing false information on a government document is illegal. No le-gitimate private business would be able to get away with this—what Congress did to gain access to this DC small business exchange—without facing se-rious penalties and serious adverse con-sequences. Maybe even more concerning than the information we see on these appli-cations is the information we don’t see because much of the documents Judi-cial Watch obtained—much of the in-formation was redacted and blacked out. Redactions are a tool generally used to protect an individual’s personal or confidential information. In this case, the redactions intentionally es-tablished additional obstacles for those seeking transparency and account-ability regarding Congress’s action. In other words, they just hide exactly who was responsible for submitting these blatantly false applications. The re-dacted applications are really a star-tling illustration of the extent to which Congress is willing to go in order to protect itself and its special perks and privileges. As chairman of the Small Business Committee, I am authorized to inves-tigate ‘‘all problems of American small business enterprises.’’ For a large enti-ty like Congress to improperly take ad-vantage of systems in place that are meant for small businesses is really doubly insulting and within our juris-diction. On February 3, 2015, I sent a letter to officials at the House of Representa-tives, the Senate, and the DC exchange authority requesting information that included copies of the nine pages of the applications we talked about unredacted. We wanted all the informa-tion with nothing blacked out. The Chief Administrative Officer for the House of Representatives declined to respond based on the claim that the Senate Small Business Committee lacked jurisdiction to investigate ‘‘in-ternal operations of the House of Rep-resentatives.’’ The clerk of the Senate Dispersing Office recited a background of the OPM rule and nothing more. In other words, they just stonewalled. Finally, the DC Health Benefits Ex-change Authority refused to comply on the grounds that a pending lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch prevented it from doing so. In March of 2015, offi-cials from that authority agreed to meet with my committee staff to dis-cuss producing the nine pages of appli-cations in their original, unredacted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.039 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4728 June 29, 2016 
form, but at the meeting, these offi-cials flatly refused to produce this, cit-ing new privacy concerns. Followup correspondence with all three entities again yielded non-responses—basically more stonewalling. During this time, I also sent three letters to then-OPM Director Kath-erine Archuleta requesting all commu-nications between OPM and Members of Congress or officials at the White House regarding the final OPM rule. OPM failed to provide any of that in-formation. The only viable option I could see to move forward with my investigation was compulsory means through the issuance of a subpoena to the DC Health Benefits Exchange Authority to get the nine pages of applications in their original form, unredacted, with-out protecting those responsible. In order to issue a subpoena, committee rules dictated that as chairman I would need either the consent of the commit-tee’s ranking Democratic member or the approval of a majority of the com-mittee members, which would be 10 members. On April 23, 2015, I convened a com-mittee business meeting that included deliberation and a vote on issuing that subpoena. As it turns out, Members, regardless of party, are willing to go to great lengths to protect their perks and tax-payer-funded subsidies, because the motion to issue the subpoena failed by a vote of 5 to 14, with five Republican Members—just the necessary number to stop the subpoena—joining all of the committee’s Democrats to block the subpoena. Now, it is no surprise to anybody who knows me that we didn’t stop there, that the committee investigation and the work didn’t stop there. In February of this year, when the Senate Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs con-ducted a hearing on the President’s nomination of Beth Cobert to become the permanent OPM Director, I again became engaged over this issue. In my numerous attempts to engage OPM in an honest conversation about how their final rule came to be, I never re-ceived any meaningful response. So I followed up with a letter to Ms. Cobert, who is serving as OPM’s Acting Direc-tor. While her office did provide some useful information, her response large-ly failed to answer my questions. It is interesting that while all of this was going on, at the same time, every-one employed by Congress received a form from the IRS. It is called form 1095–C. Excuse me. It is an IRS form. It comes, in the case of the Senate em-ployees, from the Senate Disbursing Office, and it confirms the obvious: that people who work in the Senate— Members, staff—and people who work in the House—Members, staff—are em-ployed by a large employer. As the Presiding Officer may know, the Internal Revenue Code requires ‘‘applicable large employers,’’ the defi-nition of which is 50 or more full-time employees, to report information of of-fers of health coverage and enrollment in health coverage for their employees. So it demands this form, and every-body in the Senate and everybody in the House got this form. Now, this IRS form, sent to all Mem-bers and all staff, shows that every-thing we are talking about—the lie that enabled the Senate and the House to get on the DC small business ex-change—was just that. It was a lie. It contradicts everything that was rep-resented in that category. The Senate Disbursing Office submitted an applica-tion that said the Senate has 45 total employees to the DC small business ex-change, but the same Senate Dis-bursing Office distributed an IRS form that labels the Senate a large employer with over 50 employees. So what is it? Well, it seems pretty clear. The IRS form is accurate. Obvi-ously, the Senate and the House are large employers. The OPM rule allows the Senate to fraudulently claim to be a small business as part of this scam— Washington exemption from ObamaCare. OPM promulgated a rule that allows the Senate to purchase health insurance on a small business exchange. The law States that only small employers may purchase that on the exchange. The OPM rule just makes a mockery of the law and does this to establish that Washington ex-emption from ObamaCare. This is a lot to take in and certainly very confusing. That is why I asked the head of the IRS and the acting head of OPM to clarify this. I wrote to IRS Commissioner Koskinen in February: ‘‘Can you confirm that the United States Congress’’—the House and the Senate—‘‘is a large employer?’’ Apparently, my pretty simple ques-tion didn’t have a simple answer. The IRS responded that they had forwarded my question up the chain of command to the Department of the Treasury, and I still await Treasury’s answer from February. I also asked OPM Acting Director Cobert: ‘‘Can you confirm the position of the OPM as to whether Congress is a small business . . . or is it a ‘Large Employer’ as indicated by the 1095C forms sent to Congressional employ-ees?’’ OPM’s response was this: ‘‘OPM does not take the position that Congress is a small employer, nor has OPM taken such a position in the past. Nothing in the proposed or final rule indicates that Congress shall be considered a small employer. . . . ’’ Well, why the heck is Congress in a small business exchange limited under statute to 50 or fewer employees? It is then when I decided to place a hold on Ms. Cobert’s nomination to be-come permanent OPM Director, and I continue to block that nomination be-cause of OPM and her clear role in this flagrant abuse of power regarding Washington’s exemption from ObamaCare. Her failure to revoke the illegal rule as well as her failure to disclose rel-evant information about the rule-making process allows OPM’s illegal rule to remain in place. This, in turn, allows Congress to continue to pur-chase health insurance on DC’s small business exchange and to continue to receive a generous and illegal em-ployer-contribution, taxpayer-funded subsidy. My objective today remains what it has been for the last several years, and that is to flat out end Washington’s ex-emption from ObamaCare. So I won’t lift my hold on this nomination until we do that, until my colleagues have joined me in following the law, until OPM overturns its illegal rule—some-thing of that sort. Yes, it is more ex-pensive to purchase my health insur-ance on the exchange in Louisiana, but that is what the law dictates. I don’t believe this body will find the overall fix to ObamaCare until it truly has to live under ObamaCare, and that starts with no special Washington ex-emption from ObamaCare—no special deal, special rule, or special subsidy for Congress. I don’t particularly care if we fix this administratively or legislatively. I have certainly offered several legisla-tive solutions in the past, but my col-leagues seem to be intent on protecting their special perk and status. Now, if it is not for themselves, many say at least it is for their valued staff. On that point, I am willing to com-promise. Every time a Member of Con-gress objects to my past proposals, they always talk about staff. We all value staff. I get that. Certainly, I agree with that sentiment. So I am willing to take staff out of it. That is a distraction to this debate. I am going to offer Members to take ownership and eat their own cooking— live by the ObamaCare statute, be treated as millions of other Americans are, and go to the ObamaCare ex-changes with no special exemption, no special subsidy, no special deal, no spe-cial rule. We could start today and, by holding Congress accountable, accept that im-portant victory and, certainly, release my hold on Ms. Cobert’s nomination. With that end in mind, I have here a new bill focused on Members of Con-gress, the President, and the Vice President to end their special exemp-tion from ObamaCare, and I will be for-mally introducing this legislation to-night. It is simply wrong for Wash-ington insiders to carve out loopholes for themselves in order to avoid living under the laws Congress passes for the rest of America. This new bill, again, will cover Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President—not staff. We should do that as a minimum first step to live under the laws Con-gress passes on the rest of the country and live under the ObamaCare statute as it exists today. Now is the time for action. So I urge my colleagues to join me in taking this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.039 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4729 June 29, 2016 
first step toward restoring the public’s confidence in this body and the impar-tial rule of law. It is time to end the scam that is Washington’s exemption from ObamaCare. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 3122. A bill to reinstate Federal Pell Grant eligibility for individuals incarcerated in Federal and State penal institutions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to support the introduction of the Restoring Education and Learning Act of 2016, REAL Act, legislation to improve our justice system by rein-stating Pell Grant eligibility for people in State and Federal prisons. I thank Senator S
CHATZ for his leadership on this issue, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this critical bill. In 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed into law the Higher Education Act of 1965, legislation that created the Federal Pell Grant program. Pell Grants are the single largest source of Federal aid that supports under-graduate students. Because Pell Grants are need-based, they primarily go to students from low-income families. When Congress created the Pell Grant program its intent was clear—to expand access to higher education for students with limited resources. By creating Pell Grants, Congress sent an unmistakable message that our coun-try’s most valuable resource is the ge-nius and talent of our people. In an in-creasingly competitive global econ-omy, investing in the education of all Americans—young and old—helps bol-ster our country’s leadership. Unfortunately, far too many Ameri-cans are not eligible to receive Pell Grants simply because they are behind bars. In 1994, the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act completely eliminated Pell Grant eligibility for people who are incarcerated in State and Federal correctional institutions. This is flawed policy. Rather than en-hance public safety, this policy change has made our communities less safe and has destroyed the potential of so many Americans who deserve a second chance. It is time we end this failed policy of the past. It is time we work to rebuild these broken individuals and allow them to acquire the skills they need to become contributing members of our society. Today, I am proud to join with Sen-ator S
CHATZ in introducing the REAL Act. This criminal justice reform bill would restore Pell Grant eligibility for Americans who are in state or Federal Prison. This is important because if we truly want to reform our broken crimi-nal justice system, we need to allow in-carcerated people to engage in activi-ties that will make them more pre-pared for life after prison, which will in turn make them less likely to recidivate. This bill would give return-ing citizens the tools they need to suc-cessfully reintegrate into their com-munities. Last week, President Barack Obama announced a $30 million Second Chance Pell Grant pilot program. This pro-gram will expand access to Pell Grants for over 12,000 incarcerated students at 141 State and Federal institutions. However, the president’s Second Chance Pell Grant pilot program does not extend to all incarcerated people nor does it codify this policy into law. By building on the president’s work, the REAL Act would codify into law that prisoners are eligible for Pell Grants. Our criminal justice system is bro-ken. We lead the globe in the number of people we incarcerate and we waste billions and billions of dollars locking up human potential. Passing the REAL Act would reduce staggeringly high re-cidivism rates because we know indi-viduals with college degrees are less likely to commit crimes. Additionally, today, more than ever, it is clear that obtaining a college degree has become essential to obtaining employment—a key element in reducing recidivism rates. By precluding so many people from taking college classes, we are not only hurting those who are behind bars, but we are hurting ourselves. There is an old African saying that if you want to go fast go alone, but if you want to go far go together. This bill will help so many Americans get on the right path and turn their lives around. This bill would make us all stronger. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of the REAL Act. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I urge its speedy passage in the Senate. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 515—WEL-COMING PRIME MINISTER LEE HSIEN-LOONG TO THE UNITED STATES AND REAFFIRMING SINGAPORE’S STRATEGIC PART-NERSHIP WITH THE UNITED STATES, ENCOMPASSING BROAD AND ROBUST ECONOMIC, MILI-TARY-TO-MILITARY, LAW EN-FORCEMENT, AND COUNTERTER-RORISM COOPERATION Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 515 Whereas in August 2016, as we commemo-rate 50 years of diplomatic relations between the United States and the Republic of Singa-pore, Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong of Singapore will make an official visit to the United States, including a State dinner on August 2nd; Whereas the Republic of Singapore became independent on August 9, 1965, and the United States recognized Singapore’s state-hood in the same year; Whereas Singapore and the United States established formal diplomatic relations in 1966; Whereas under the leadership of its first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore be-came an early and continued supporter of the United States’ engagement in Asia to safeguard the peace, stability, and prosperity of the region; Whereas in 2004 the United States and Singapore implemented the U.S.-Singapore Free Trade Agreement, the first bilateral trade agreement between the United States and an Asian country; Whereas Singapore and the United States are major trading partners, with $64,000,000,000 in bilateral goods and services trade in 2014, and a United States trade sur-plus in both goods and services; Whereas Singapore provided the United States access to its military facilities through a 1990 Memorandum of Under-standing, supporting the continued security presence of the United States in Southeast Asia; Whereas the United States and Singapore concluded a Strategic Framework Agree-ment in 2005, which recognizes Singapore as a ‘‘Major Security Cooperation Partner of the United States’’; Whereas the United States and Singapore signed an enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement in 2015, expanding dialogue and cooperation in areas such as humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, cyber defense, bio-security, and public communications; Whereas Singapore facilitates the rota-tional deployment of United States Navy Littoral Combat Ships at its Changi Naval Base; Whereas the United States currently hosts 4 Republic of Singapore Air Force training detachments, comprising the Republic of Singapore Air Force’s F–15SG and F–16 fight-er jets, and Apache and Chinook helicopters, at bases in Arizona, Idaho, and Texas; Whereas the U.S.-Singapore Third Country Training Program, established in 2012 and re-newed in 2015, provides regional technical and capacity-building assistance in a wide variety of areas to assist recipient countries in reaching their development goals; Whereas Singapore was a founding member of the Association of South East Asian Na-tions (ASEAN) in 1967 and remains a key partner of the United States in ASEAN-led mechanisms such as the East Asia Summit, ASEAN Regional Forum and the ASEAN De-fense Ministers’ Meeting Plus; Whereas Singapore will be home to a U.S.- ASEAN Connect Center, an initiative an-nounced at the U.S.-ASEAN summit in Feb-ruary 2016 to facilitate U.S.-ASEAN engage-ment and cooperation on energy, innovation, and entrepreneurship; Whereas Singapore has played a critical role in enhancing shared maritime domain awareness in Southeast Asia through the es-tablishment of the Republic of Singapore Navy’s Information Fusion Center, to facili-tate information-sharing and collaboration with partners, including the United States, against maritime security threats, and through the deployment of United States aircraft at Paya Lebar Air Base; Whereas Singapore has been a cybersecu-rity leader in Southeast Asia, through the unified Cyber Security Agency, as the con-vener of the annual ASEAN CERT Incident Drill, and as host of the INTERPOL Global Complex for Innovation; Whereas Singapore was the first Southeast Asian country to join the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL in November 2014, and has con-tributed an air refueling tanker, imagery analysis teams, and planning and liaison of-ficers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.040 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4730 June 29, 2016 
Whereas Singapore has supported counter-terrorism efforts, through the sharing of do-mestic practices, participating in the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extre-mism in February 2015, and hosting the East Asia Summit Symposium on Religious Reha-bilitation and Social Reintegration in April 2015: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) welcomes Prime Minister Lee Hsien- Loong of Singapore for his official visit to the United States and State Dinner on Au-gust 2nd, as the United States and Singapore commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Singapore-United States bilateral diplomatic relationship that has served as an anchor for the United States in Asia; (2) affirms the importance of the United States-Singapore strategic partnership in se-curing regional peace and stability, includ-ing through rotational basing and logistical support arrangements that enhance the United States’ presence in Southeast Asia; (3) applauds the Republic of Singapore’s leadership in counterterrorism, including the deployment of military assets as part of the anti-ISIL coalition and innovative counterterrorism efforts within the Asia-Pa-cific region; (4) anticipates the deepening of the secu-rity relationship following the signing of an enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement in Washington on December 7, 2015, and wel-comes further cooperation in areas such as cybersecurity, humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, and defense technology; (5) recognizes the vitality of the bilateral trade and investment relationship between the United States and Singapore; (6) supports continued close cooperation between the United States and Singapore, through bilateral initiatives such as the U.S.-Singapore Third Country Training Pro-gram, and multilateral initiatives such as U.S.-ASEAN Connect announced at the re-cent U.S.-ASEAN Summit in Sunnylands, to build capacity for commercial engagement, energy development, innovation, trade facili-tation, and to achieve development goals in the Asia-Pacific region; and (7) urges the President to continue United States’ support of multilateral institutions and fora such as the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, East Asia Summit, ASEAN Re-gional Forum, and the ASEAN Defense Min-isters’ Meeting Plus, working in close co-operation with partners, such as the Repub-lic of Singapore, who share a commitment to an inclusive, rules-based regional architec-ture. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 516—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF PAT SUMMITT, HEAD COACH EMER-ITUS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF TENNESSEE WOMEN’S BASKET-BALL TEAM Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 516 Whereas coaching was the great passion of Pat Summitt’s life and was an opportunity for her to work with student-athletes, help student-athletes discover their true poten-tials, and change the lives of the young women she coached; Whereas Pat Summitt won 8 National Col-legiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) champion-ships, received National Coach of the Year honors 7 times over her career, and was rec-ognized as the Naismith Women’s Collegiate Coach of the Century in 2000; Whereas Pat Summitt won the Gold Medal in the 1984 Summer Olympics as the head coach of the United States women’s national basketball team; Whereas the last team at the University of Tennessee that Pat Summitt coached fin-ished the season with an overall record of 27– 9, winning a Southeastern Conference Tour-nament Championship and earning a spot in the Elite Eight in the NCAA Women’s Divi-sion I Basketball Championship in Iowa; Whereas Pat Summitt, who had more wins than any other basketball coach, male or fe-male, in NCAA history, concluded her coach-ing career after 38 seasons at the University of Tennessee on April 18, 2012; Whereas Pat Summitt also worked off the court, holding a graduation record of 100 per-cent for all members of the University of Tennessee women’s basketball team who completed their eligibility at the University of Tennessee during Coach Summitt’s ten-ure; Whereas Pat Summitt announced on Au-gust 23, 2011, that she had been diagnosed with early onset dementia, Alzheimer’s type; Whereas later in November 2011, Coach Summitt announced the Pat Summitt Foun-dation, which helps provide funding and re-search for Alzheimer’s disease and dementia; and Whereas, on May 29, 2012, President Barack Obama awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor of the United States, to Pat Summitt for her re-markable career as an unparalleled figure in women’s team sports and for her courage in speaking out openly and courageously about her battle with early onset dementia, Alz-heimer’s type: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate has heard with profound sor-row and deep regret the announcement of the death of Pat Summitt, head coach emeritus of the University of Tennessee women’s bas-ketball team; and (2) the Senate instructs the Secretary of the Senate communicate these resolutions to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased. f SENATE RESOLUTION 517—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. D AINES , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. G RA-
HAM) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 517 Whereas over 2,900,000 families in the United States live with prostate cancer; Whereas 1 in 7 men in the United States will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetimes; Whereas prostate cancer is the most com-monly diagnosed nonskin cancer and the sec-ond-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among men in the United States; Whereas the National Cancer Institute es-timates that in 2016, 180,890 men will be diag-nosed with, and more than 26,120 men will die of, prostate cancer; Whereas 40 percent of newly diagnosed prostate cancer cases occur in men under the age of 65; Whereas the odds of developing prostate cancer rise rapidly after age 50; Whereas African-American men suffer from a prostate cancer incidence rate that is significantly higher than that of White men and have double the prostate cancer mor-tality rate than that of White men; Whereas having a father or brother with prostate cancer more than doubles the risk of a man developing prostate cancer, with a higher risk for men who have a brother with the disease and the highest risk for men with several affected relatives, particularly if the relatives were young at the time that the cancer was found; Whereas screening by a digital rectal ex-amination and a prostate-specific antigen blood test can detect the disease at the ear-lier, more treatable stages, which could in-crease the chances of survival for more than 5 years to nearly 100 percent; Whereas only 28 percent of men survive more than 5 years if diagnosed with prostate cancer after the cancer has metastasized; Whereas there are no noticeable symptoms of prostate cancer in the early stages, mak-ing appropriate screening critical; Whereas, in fiscal year 2015, the Director of the National Institutes of Health supported approximately $288,000,000 in research projects that focus specifically on prostate cancer; Whereas ongoing research promises further improvements in prostate cancer prevention, early detection, and treatment; and Whereas educating people in the United States, including health care providers, about prostate cancer and early detection strategies is crucial to saving the lives of men and preserving and protecting families: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2016 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; (2) declares that steps should be taken— (A) to raise awareness about the impor-tance of screening methods for, and treat-ment of, prostate cancer; (B) to encourage research— (i) to improve screening and treatment for prostate cancer; (ii) to discover the causes of prostate can-cer; and (iii) to develop a cure for prostate cancer; and (C) to continue to consider ways to im-prove access to, and the quality of, health care services for detecting and treating pros-tate cancer; and (3) calls on the people of the United States, interest groups, and affected persons— (A) to promote awareness of prostate can-cer; (B) to take an active role in the fight to end the devastating effects of prostate can-cer on individuals, families, and the econ-omy; and (C) to observe National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month with appropriate cere-monies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 518—DESIG-NATING JULY 23, 2016, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL DAY OF THE AMERICAN COWBOY’’ Mr. ENZI (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. R EID, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. U DALL , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 518 Whereas pioneering men and women, rec-ognized as ‘‘cowboys’’, helped to establish the American West; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.030 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4731 June 29, 2016 
Whereas the cowboy embodies honesty, in-tegrity, courage, compassion, respect, a strong work ethic, and patriotism; Whereas the cowboy spirit exemplifies strength of character, sound family values, and good common sense; Whereas the cowboy archetype transcends ethnicity, gender, geographic boundaries, and political affiliations; Whereas the cowboy, who lives off the land and works to protect and enhance the envi-ronment, is an excellent steward of the land and its creatures; Whereas cowboy traditions have been a part of American culture for generations; Whereas the cowboy continues to be an im-portant part of the economy through the work of many thousands of ranchers across the United States who contribute to the eco-nomic well-being of every State; Whereas millions of fans watch profes-sional and working ranch rodeo events annu-ally, making rodeo one of the most-watched sports in the United States; Whereas membership and participation in rodeo and other organizations that promote and encompass the livelihood of cowboys span every generation and transcend race and gender; Whereas the cowboy is a central figure in literature, film, and music and occupies a central place in the public imagination; Whereas the cowboy is an American icon; and Whereas the ongoing contributions made by cowboys and cowgirls to their commu-nities should be recognized and encouraged: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 23, 2016, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 519—RECOG-NIZING THE 300TH ANNIVERSARY AND HISTORICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF THE CITY OF NATCHEZ, MIS-SISSIPPI Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
OCHRAN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 519 Whereas American Indians made use of the land that is now Natchez, Mississippi (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘Natchez’’) before the first European explorers reached the area; Whereas the bluff in Natchez overlooking the Mississippi River has served as a natural geological setting that encouraged trade and cultural development; Whereas Natchez was founded as Fort Ro-salie by French settlers under Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne De Bienville in 1716; Whereas construction of Fort Rosalie was completed on August 3, 1716; Whereas Fort Rosalie was destroyed by Natchez Indians in 1729 and rebuilt by the French in 1731; Whereas Natchez came under British con-trol in 1763 and under Spanish control in 1779; Whereas the Treaty of San Lorenzo estab-lished Natchez as a United States territory in 1798; Whereas Natchez served as the original capital of the Mississippi Territory from 1798 to 1802 and as the original capital of the State of Mississippi from 1817 to 1821; Whereas Natchez is the terminus of the historically significant Old Natchez Trace, which is now preserved by the United States National Park Service and known as the Natchez Trace Parkway; Whereas Natchez was the original home to Jackson State University, which was first known as Natchez Seminary; Whereas Natchez has been home to several notable individuals, including United States Senator Hiram Rhodes Revels, United States Representative John R. Lynch, and author Richard Wright; Whereas Natchez city events contribute to the cultural life and historical under-standing of Mississippi, including— (1) the Natchez Literary and Cinema Cele-bration; (2) the Natchez Festival of Music; (3) the Great Mississippi River Balloon Race; and (4) the Natchez Pilgrimage; Whereas the city of Natchez is currently holding a year-long tricentennial celebra-tion, in honor of the history of Natchez, that will end with a 300th birthday party on Au-gust 3, 2016; Whereas the heritage and educational events during the tricentennial celebration will be observed by delegations from France and Canada; Whereas Natchez is signified nationally as the oldest European-built city on the lower Mississippi River; and Whereas it is important for the people of Mississippi and the United States to remem-ber history in an inclusive way that honors contributions from all backgrounds: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the year 2016 as the ‘‘Natchez Tricentennial’’; and (2) honors the history and founding of Mis-sissippi through the Natchez Tricentennial. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4929. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4881 submitted by Ms. W
AR-
RENand intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the Na-tional Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4930. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4931. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4932. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4933. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4934. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4935. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. SA 4936. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4935 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OBERTS ) to the bill S. 764, supra. SA 4937. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 764, supra. SA 4938. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4937 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 764, supra. SA 4939. Mr. MCCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4938 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 4937 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 764, supra. SA 4940. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. S
CHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2829, to amend and enhance certain mari-time programs of the Department of Trans-portation, and for other purposes. SA 4941. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4942. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4943. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4944. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4945. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4946. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4929. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4881 submitted by Ms. W
ARREN and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: (d) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this Act— (1) section 301 of this Act is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘how-ever,’’ and inserting ‘‘however the reference to section 943(b) of title 11, United States Code, in section 930(a)(5) of title 11, United States Code, shall mean section 314 of this title, and’’; (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘such’’ after ‘‘vote’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and/or’’ and inserting ‘‘or’’; (C) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘1122’’ and inserting ‘‘314(c)(1)’’; and (D) in section 302, by inserting ‘‘only’’ after ‘‘title’’; (2) section 303 of this Act is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or mora-torium’’ after ‘‘composition’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘unlaw-ful’’; (3) section 304 of this Act is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘vol-untary’’; (B) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘the cases of’’; (C) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘, on be-half of a debtor and one or more affiliates, has filed separate cases and the Oversight Board, on behalf of the debtor or one of the affiliates,’’ and inserting ‘‘has filed separates cases on behalf of debtors that are affiliates and the Oversight Board on behalf of one or more of the debtors’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.034 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4732 June 29, 2016 
(D) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘, only to the extent that such obligations are being enforced or will be enforced by governmental units’’ after ‘‘provisions’’; and (E) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘including sections of title 11, United States Code, in-corporated by reference, nothing in this sec-tion’’ and insert ‘‘nothing in this title’’; (4) section 306 of this Act is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘, to the extent permitted by the Constitution of the United States’’ after ‘‘entity’’; (B) in subsection (d)(2), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (e) of this section,’’ before ‘‘or by’’; (C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in which a case under this title has venue pursuant to section 307 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘em-bracing the district in which the case is’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘di-rect’’; and (D) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘or ap-propriate’’ after ‘‘necessary’’; (5) section 307 of this Act is amended by striking subsection (b); (6) section 308(b) of this Act is amended by inserting ‘‘of that circuit’’ before ‘‘to con-duct the case.’’; (7) section 309 of this Act is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Nothing in this title’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .—Any decision to abstain or not to abstain is not reviewable by appeal or otherwise by the court of appeals under sec-tion 1291 or 1292 of title 28, United States Code, or section 306(e) of this title, or by the Supreme Court of the United States under section 1254 of title 28, United States Code. This subsection shall not be construed to limit the applicability of the stay provided for by section 362 of title 11, United States Code, (as made applicable to cases under this title under section 301(a)) as such section ap-plies to an action affecting the property of the estate in bankruptcy.’’; (8) section 310 of this Act is amended by in-serting ‘‘, as if it were a case under chapter 9 of title 11, United States Code, or a civil proceeding arising under such chapter or arising in or related to a case under such chapter’’ before the period at the end; (9) section 312(b) of this Act is amended by inserting ‘‘or before’’ after ‘‘plan of adjust-ment at’’; (10) section 314 of this Act is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(6)— (i) by striking ‘‘the non-bankruptcy laws and’’ and inserting ‘‘otherwise applicable laws and the’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘the recovery that’’ after ‘‘greater recovery for the creditors than’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘with respect to’’ and inserting ‘‘in’’; (11) section 316(c)(3) of this Act is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; (12) section 405 of this Act is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘any other source of law’’ and inserting ‘‘any other source’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘that arose before the enactment of this Act’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (5); (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (iv) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘that arose before the enactment of this Act’’; (C) in subsection (j)(3)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) the financial condition of, or the com-mencement of a restructuring, insolvency, bankruptcy, or other proceeding (or a simi-lar or analogous process) by, the Govern-ment of Puerto Rico, including a default or an event of default thereunder;’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘para-graph (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (D) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘when such payments become due during the length of the stay’’ and inserting ‘‘as and when such payments become due during the duration of the stay’’; and (13) section 601 of this Act is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(11)(B), by striking ‘‘current accreted value’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘accreted value of such Capital Appreciation Bond or a Convertible Capital Appreciation Bond, as of the date of the de-termination and as applicable.’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘above’’; (C) in subsection (d)(3)(B), by inserting ‘‘applicable to such Bonds’’ before the period at the end; (D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘the pro-cedures under’’; (E) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘Issuer’s existing debts,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘by the Oversight Board’’ after ‘‘has been certified’’; (F) in subsection (i), by inserting ‘‘with re-spect to not less than 1 of’’ before ‘‘the Issuer’s Outstanding Bonds.’’; (G) in subsection (j), by inserting ‘‘such’’ before ‘‘Insured Bonds for purposes of direct-ing remedies’’; (H) in subsection (l)— (i) by striking ‘‘consent of holder’’ and in-serting ‘‘consent of holders’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘a written action’’ and in-serting ‘‘an action’’; (I) in subsection (m)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) any conditions on the effectiveness of the Qualifying Modification have been satis-fied or, except for such conditions that have been identified in the Qualifying Modifica-tion as being non-waivable, in the Adminis-trative Supervisor’s sole discretion, satisfac-tion of such conditions has been waived;’’; and (II) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘the lesser of’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘the lesser of the Outstanding Prin-cipal amount of the Bond Claim on the effec-tive date of the Qualifying Modification or of the value of the collateral securing such Bond Claim; and’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘should not be subject’’ and inserting ‘‘may not be subject’’; and (J) in subsection (n)(1), by inserting ‘‘or re-lated to’’ before ‘‘this section.’’. 
SA 4930. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, to reauthor-ize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert the following: (g) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(g)) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) through (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) In lieu of the rate prescribed by sub-section (a)(1), the Governor of Puerto Rico, subject to the approval of the Financial Oversight and Management Board estab-lished pursuant to section 101 of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act, may designate a time period not to exceed four years during which em-ployers in Puerto Rico may pay employees who are initially employed after the date of enactment of such Act a wage which is not less than the wage described in paragraph (1). Notwithstanding the time period des-ignated, such wage shall not continue in ef-fect after such Board terminates in accord-ance with section 209 of such Act. ‘‘(3) No employer may take any action to displace employees (including partial dis-placements such as reduction in hours, wages, or employment benefits) for purposes of hiring individuals at the wage authorized in paragraph (1) or (2). ‘‘(4) Any employer who violates this sub-section shall be considered to have violated section 15(a)(3) (29 U.S.C. 215(a)(3)). ‘‘(5) This subsection shall only apply to an employee who has not attained the age of 20 years, except in the case of the wage applica-ble in Puerto Rico, 25 years, until such time as the Board described in paragraph (2) ter-minates in accordance with section 209 of the Act described in such paragraph.’’. SA 4931. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, to reauthor-ize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert the following: (a) S
PECIAL RULE.—The regulations pro-posed by the Secretary of Labor relating to exemptions regarding the rates of pay for ex-ecutive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees, and pub-lished in a notice in the Federal Register on July 6, 2015, and any final regulations issued related to such notice, shall have no force or effect in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico until— (1) the Comptroller General of the United States completes the assessment and trans-mits the report required under subsection (b); and (2) the Secretary of Labor taking into ac-count the assessment and report of the Comptroller General, provides a written de-termination to Congress that applying such rule to Puerto Rico would not have a nega-tive impact on the economy of Puerto Rico. (b) A
SSESSMENT and R EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall examine the economic conditions in Puerto Rico and shall transmit a report to Congress assessing the impact of applying the regula-tions described in subsection (a) to Puerto Rico, taking into consideration regional, metropolitan, and non-metropolitan salary and cost-of-living differences. 
SA 4932. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 405 and insert the following: 
SEC. 405. AUTOMATIC STAY UPON ENACTMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) L
IABILITY .—The term ‘‘Liability’’ means a bond, loan, letter of credit, other borrowing title, obligation of insurance, or other financial indebtedness for borrowed money, including rights, entitlements, or ob-ligations whether such rights, entitlements, or obligations arise from contract, statute, or any other source of law related to such a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.036 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4733 June 29, 2016 
bond, loan, letter of credit, other borrowing title, obligation of insurance, or other finan-cial indebtedness in physical or dematerial-ized form, of which— (A) the issuer, obligor, or guarantor is the Government of Puerto Rico; and (B) the date of issuance or incurrence pre-cedes the date of enactment of this Act. (2) L
IABILITY CLAIM .—The term ‘‘Liability Claim’’ means, as it relates to a Liability— (A) right to payment, whether or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, un-liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equi-table, secured, or unsecured; or (B) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judg-ment, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured, or unsecured. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c) of this section, the establish-ment of an Oversight Board for Puerto Rico (i.e., the enactment of this Act) in accord-ance with section 101 operates with respect to a Liability as a stay, applicable to all en-tities (as such term is defined in section 101 of title 11, United States Code), of— (1) the commencement or continuation, in-cluding the issuance or employment of proc-ess, of a judicial, administrative, or other ac-tion or proceeding against the Government of Puerto Rico that was or could have been commenced before the enactment of this Act, or to recover a Liability Claim against the Government of Puerto Rico that arose before the enactment of this Act; (2) the enforcement, against the Govern-ment of Puerto Rico or against property of the Government of Puerto Rico, of a judg-ment obtained before the enactment of this Act; (3) any act to obtain possession of property of the Government of Puerto Rico or of prop-erty from the Government of Puerto Rico or to exercise control over property of the Gov-ernment of Puerto Rico; (4) any act to create, perfect, or enforce any lien against property of the Government of Puerto Rico; (5) any act to create, perfect, or enforce against property of the Government of Puer-to Rico any lien to the extent that such lien secures a Liability Claim that arose before the enactment of this Act; (6) any act to collect, assess, or recover a Liability Claim against the Government of Puerto Rico that arose before the enactment of this Act; and (7) the setoff of any debt owing to the Gov-ernment of Puerto Rico that arose before the enactment of this Act against any Liability Claim against the Government of Puerto Rico. (c) S
TAY NOTOPERABLE .—The establish-ment of an Oversight Board for Puerto Rico in accordance with section 101 does not oper-ate as a stay— (1) solely under subsection (b)(1) of this section, of the continuation of, including the issuance or employment of process, of a judi-cial, administrative, or other action or pro-ceeding against the Government of Puerto Rico that was commenced on or before De-cember 18, 2015; or (2) of the commencement or continuation of an action or proceeding by a governmental unit to enforce such governmental unit’s or organization’s police and regulatory power, including the enforcement of a judgment other than a money judgment, obtained in an action or proceeding by the governmental unit to enforce such governmental unit’s or organization’s police or regulatory power.; or (3) to enforce a claim for interest on a Bond. (d) CONTINUATION OF STAY.—Except as pro-vided in subsections (e), (f), and (g) the stay under subsection (b) continues until the ear-lier of— (1) the later of— (A) the later of— (i) February 15, 2017; or (ii) six months after the establishment of an Oversight Board for Puerto Rico as established by sec-tion 101(b); (B) the date that is 75 days after the date in subparagraph (A) if the Oversight Board delivers a certification to the Governor that, in the Oversight Board’s sole discretion, an additional 75 days are needed to seek to com-plete a voluntary process under title VI of this Act with respect to the government of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or any of its territorial instrumentalities; or (C) the date that is 60 days after the date in subparagraph (A) if the district court to which an application has been submitted under subparagraph 601(m)(1)(D) of this Act determines, in the exercise of the court’s eq-uitable powers, that an additional 60 days are needed to complete a voluntary process under title VI of this Act with respect to the government of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or any of its territorial instrumental-ities; or (2) with respect to the government of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or any of its territorial instrumentalities, the date on which a case is filed by or on behalf of the government of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or any of its territorial instrumental-ities, as applicable, under title III. (e) J
URISDICTION , RELIEF FROMSTAY.— (1) The United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico shall have origi-nal and exclusive jurisdiction of any civil ac-tions arising under or related to this section. (2) On motion of or action filed by a party in interest and after notice and a hearing, the United States District Court for the Dis-trict of Puerto Rico, for cause shown, shall grant relief from the stay provided under subsection (b) of this section. (f) T
ERMINATION OF STAY; HEARING .—Forty- five days after a request under subsection (e)(2) for relief from the stay of any act against property of the Government of Puer-to Rico under subsection (b), such stay is terminated with respect to the party in in-terest making such request, unless the court, after notice and a hearing, orders such stay continued in effect pending the conclusion of, or as a result of, a final hearing and de-termination under subsection (e)(2). A hear-ing under this subsection may be a prelimi-nary hearing, or may be consolidated with the final hearing under subsection (e)(2). The court shall order such stay continued in ef-fect pending the conclusion of the final hear-ing under subsection (e)(2) if there is a rea-sonable likelihood that the party opposing relief from such stay will prevail at the con-clusion of such final hearing. If the hearing under this subsection is a preliminary hear-ing, then such final hearing shall be con-cluded not later than thirty days after the conclusion of such preliminary hearing, un-less the thirty-day period is extended with the consent of the parties in interest or for a specific time which the court finds is re-quired by compelling circumstances. (g) R
ELIEF TO PREVENT IRREPARABLE DAM-
AGE.—Upon request of a party in interest, the court, with or without a hearing, shall grant such relief from the stay provided under subsection (b) as is necessary to pre-vent irreparable damage to the interest of an entity in property, if such interest will suffer such damage before there is an opportunity for notice and a hearing under subsection (e) or (f). (h) A
CT IN VIOLATION OF STAY ISVOID.— Any order, judgment, or decree entered in violation of this section and any act taken in violation of this section is void, and shall have no force or effect, and any person found to violate this section may be liable for dam-ages, costs, and attorneys’ fees incurred in defending any action taken in violation of this section, and the Oversight Board or the Government of Puerto Rico may seek an order from the court enforcing the provisions of this section. (i) GOVERNMENT OF PUERTO RICO.—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘Government of Puerto Rico’’, in addition to the definition set forth in section 5(11) of this Act, shall in-clude— (1) the individuals, including elected and appointed officials, directors, officers of and employees acting in their official capacity on behalf of the Government of Puerto Rico; and (2) the Oversight Board, including the di-rectors and officers of and employees acting in their official capacity on behalf of the Oversight Board. (j) N
ODEFAULT UNDER EXISTING CON-
TRACTS .— (1) Notwithstanding any contractual provi-sion or applicable law to the contrary and so long as a stay under this section is in effect, the holder of a Liability Claim or any other claim (as such term is defined in section 101 of title 11, United States Code) may not exer-cise or continue to exercise any remedy under a contract or applicable law in respect to the Government of Puerto Rico or any of its property— (A) that is conditioned upon the financial condition of, or the commencement of a re-structuring, insolvency, bankruptcy, or other proceeding (or a similar or analogous process) by, the Government of Puerto Rico, including a default or an event of default thereunder; or (B) with respect to Liability Claims— (i) for the non-payment of principal or in-terest (other than to enforce a claim for in-terest on a Bond); or (ii) for the breach of any condition or cov-enant. (2) The term ‘‘remedy’’ as used in para-graph (1) shall be interpreted broadly, and shall include any right existing in law or contract, including any right to— (A) setoff; (B) apply or appropriate funds; (C) seek the appointment of a custodian (as such term is defined in section 101(11) of title 11, United States Code); (D) seek to raise rates; or (E) exercise control over property of the Government of Puerto Rico. (3) Notwithstanding any contractual provi-sion or applicable law to the contrary and so long as a stay under this section is in effect, a contract to which the Government of Puer-to Rico is a party may not be terminated or modified, and any right or obligation under such contract may not be terminated or modified, solely because of a provision in such contract is conditioned on— (A) the insolvency or financial condition of the Government of Puerto Rico at any time prior to the enactment of this Act; (B) the adoption of a resolution or estab-lishment of an Oversight Board pursuant to section 101 of this Act; or (C) a default under a separate contract that is due to, triggered by, or a result of the occurrence of the events or matters in para-graph (1)(B). (4) Notwithstanding any contractual provi-sion to the contrary and so long as a stay under this section is in effect, a counterparty to a contract with the Govern-ment of Puerto Rico for the provision of goods and services shall, unless the Govern-ment of Puerto Rico agrees to the contrary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.039 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4734 June 29, 2016 
in writing, continue to perform all obliga-tions under, and comply with the terms of, such contract, provided that the Government of Puerto Rico is not in default under such contract other than as a result of a condition specified in paragraph (3). (k) E
FFECT .—This section does not dis-charge an obligation of the Government of Puerto Rico or release, invalidate, or impair any security interest or lien securing such obligation. This section does not impair or affect the implementation of any restruc-turing support agreement executed by the Government of Puerto Rico to be imple-mented pursuant to Puerto Rico law specifi-cally enacted for that purpose prior to the enactment of this Act or the obligation of the Government of Puerto Rico to proceed in good faith as set forth in any such agree-ment. (l) P
AYMENTS ON LIABILITIES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit the Government of Puerto Rico from making any payment on any Liability when such payment becomes due during the term of the stay, and to the extent the Oversight Board, in its sole discretion, determines it is fea-sible, the Government of Puerto Rico shall make interest payments on outstanding in-debtedness when such payments become due during the length of the stay. (m) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) A combination of severe economic de-cline, and, at times, accumulated operating deficits, lack of financial transparency, man-agement inefficiencies, and excessive bor-rowing has created a fiscal emergency in Puerto Rico. (2) As a result of its fiscal emergency, the Government of Puerto Rico has been unable to provide its citizens with effective services. (3) The current fiscal emergency has also affected the long-term economic stability of Puerto Rico by contributing to the acceler-ated outmigration of residents and busi-nesses. (4) A comprehensive approach to fiscal, management, and structural problems and adjustments that exempts no part of the Government of Puerto Rico is necessary, in-volving independent oversight and a Federal statutory authority for the Government of Puerto Rico to restructure debts in a fair and orderly process. (5) A
DDITIONALLY , AN IMMEDIATE .—but tem- porary—stay is essential to stabilize the re-gion for the purposes of resolving this terri-torial crisis. (A) The stay advances the best interests common to all stakeholders, including but not limited to a functioning independent Oversight Board created pursuant to this Act to determine whether to appear or intervene on behalf of the Government of Puerto Rico in any litigation that may have been com-menced prior to the effectiveness or upon ex-piration of the stay. (B) The stay is limited in nature and nar-rowly tailored to achieve the purposes of this Act, including to ensure all creditors have a fair opportunity to consensually renegotiate terms of repayment based on accurate finan-cial information that is reviewed by an inde-pendent authority or, at a minimum, receive a recovery from the Government of Puerto Rico equal to their best possible outcome ab-sent the provisions of this Act. (6) Finally, the ability of the Government of Puerto Rico to obtain funds from capital markets in the future will be severely dimin-ished without congressional action to restore its financial accountability and stability. (n) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-tion are to— (1) provide the Government of Puerto Rico with the resources and the tools it needs to address an immediate existing and imminent crisis; (2) allow the Government of Puerto Rico a limited period of time during which it can focus its resources on negotiating a vol-untary resolution with its creditors instead of defending numerous, costly creditor law-suits; (3) provide an oversight mechanism to as-sist the Government of Puerto Rico in re-forming its fiscal governance and support the implementation of potential debt re-structuring; (4) make available a Federal restructuring authority, if necessary, to allow for an or-derly adjustment of all of the Government of Puerto Rico’s liabilities; and (5) benefit the lives of 3.5 million American citizens living in Puerto Rico by encouraging the Government of Puerto Rico to resolve its longstanding fiscal governance issues and re-turn to economic growth. (o) VOTING ON VOLUNTARY AGREEMENTS NOT S
TAYED .—Notwithstanding any provision in this section to the contrary, nothing in this section shall prevent the holder of a Liabil-ity Claim from voting on or consenting to a proposed modification of such Liability Claim under title VI of this Act. 
SA 4933. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 405 and insert the following: 
SEC. 405. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) A combination of severe economic de-cline, and, at times, accumulated operating deficits, lack of financial transparency, man-agement inefficiencies, and excessive bor-rowing has created a fiscal emergency in Puerto Rico. (2) As a result of its fiscal emergency, the Government of Puerto Rico has been unable to provide its citizens with effective services. (3) The current fiscal emergency has also affected the long-term economic stability of Puerto Rico by contributing to the acceler-ated outmigration of residents and busi-nesses. (4) A comprehensive approach to fiscal, management, and structural problems and adjustments that exempts no part of the Government of Puerto Rico is necessary, in-volving independent oversight and a Federal statutory authority for the Government of Puerto Rico to restructure debts in a fair and orderly process. (5) Finally, the ability of the Government of Puerto Rico to obtain funds from capital markets in the future will be severely dimin-ished without congressional action to restore its financial accountability and stability. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are to— (1) provide the Government of Puerto Rico with the resources and the tools it needs to address an immediate existing and imminent crisis; (2) incentivize the Government of Puerto Rico to focus its resources on negotiating a voluntary resolution with its creditors; (3) provide an oversight mechanism to as-sist the Government of Puerto Rico in re-forming its fiscal governance and support the implementation of potential debt re-structuring; (4) make available a Federal restructuring authority, if necessary, to allow for an or-derly adjustment of all of the Government of Puerto Rico’s liabilities; and (5) benefit the lives of 3.5 million American citizens living in Puerto Rico by encouraging the Government of Puerto Rico to resolve its longstanding fiscal governance issues and re-turn to economic growth. SA 4934. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 104(e), add at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Nothing in this Act provides immu-nity to the Oversight Board, members of the Oversight Board, or employees of the Over-sight Board from any anti-corruption laws.’’. 
SA 4935. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R
OBERTS ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle E—National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Standard 
‘‘SEC. 291. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) B
IOENGINEERING .—The term ‘bio-engineering’, and any similar term, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a food, refers to a food— ‘‘(A) that contains genetic material that has been modified through in vitro recom-binant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) tech-niques; and ‘‘(B) for which the modification could not otherwise be obtained through conventional breeding or found in nature. ‘‘(2) F
OOD.—The term ‘food’ means a food (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) that is intended for human consumption. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. 
‘‘SEC. 292. APPLICABILITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—This subtitle shall apply to any claim in a disclosure that a food bears that indicates that the food is a bioengi-neered food. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF DEFINITION .—The defi- nition of the term ‘bioengineering’ under section 291 shall not affect any other defini-tion, program, rule, or regulation of the Fed-eral Government. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO FOODS .—This subtitle shall apply only to a food subject to— ‘‘(1) the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) the labeling requirements under the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 451 et seq.), or the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq.) only if— ‘‘(A) the most predominant ingredient of the food would independently be subject to the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(B)(i) the most predominant ingredient of the food is broth, stock, water, or a similar solution; and ‘‘(ii) the second-most predominant ingre-dient of the food would independently be sub-ject to the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.039 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4735 June 29, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 293. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BIO-ENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MANDATORY STAND -
ARD.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish a national mandatory bio-engineered food disclosure standard with re-spect to any bioengineered food and any food that may be bioengineered; and ‘‘(2) establish such requirements and proce-dures as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the standard. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A food may bear a disclo-sure that the food is bioengineered only in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Secretary in accordance with this sub-title. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A regulation promul-gated by the Secretary in carrying out this subtitle shall— ‘‘(A) prohibit a food derived from an ani-mal to be considered a bioengineered food solely because the animal consumed feed produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered substance; ‘‘(B) determine the amounts of a bioengi-neered substance that may be present in food, as appropriate, in order for the food to be a bioengineered food; ‘‘(C) establish a process for requesting and granting a determination by the Secretary regarding other factors and conditions under which a food is considered a bioengineered food; ‘‘(D) in accordance with subsection (d), re-quire that the form of a food disclosure under this section be a text, symbol, or elec-tronic or digital link, but excluding Internet website Uniform Resource Locators not em-bedded in the link, with the disclosure op-tion to be selected by the food manufacturer; ‘‘(E) provide alternative reasonable disclo-sure options for food contained in small or very small packages; ‘‘(F) in the case of small food manufactur-ers, provide— ‘‘(i) an implementation date that is not earlier than 1 year after the implementation date for regulations promulgated in accord-ance with this section; and ‘‘(ii) on-package disclosure options, in ad-dition to those available under subparagraph (D), to be selected by the small food manu-facturer, that consist of— ‘‘(I) a telephone number accompanied by appropriate language to indicate that the phone number provides access to additional information; and ‘‘(II) an Internet website maintained by the small food manufacturer in a manner consistent with subsection (d), as appro-priate; and ‘‘(G) exclude— ‘‘(i) food served in a restaurant or similar retail food establishment; and ‘‘(ii) very small food manufacturers. ‘‘(3) S
AFETY .—For the purpose of regula-tions promulgated and food disclosures made pursuant to paragraph (2), a bioengineered food that has successfully completed the pre- market Federal regulatory review process shall not be treated as safer than, or not as safe as, a non-bioengineered counterpart of the food solely because the food is bioengi-neered or produced or developed with the use of bioengineering. ‘‘(c) S
TUDY OF ELECTRONIC OR DIGITAL LINK D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary shall conduct a study to iden-tify potential technological challenges that may impact whether consumers would have access to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods. ‘‘(2) PUBLIC COMMENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall solicit and consider comments from the public. ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS .—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall consider whether con-sumer access to the bioengineering disclo-sure through electronic or digital disclosure methods under this subtitle would be af-fected by the following factors: ‘‘(A) The availability of wireless Internet or cellular networks. ‘‘(B) The availability of landline tele-phones in stores. ‘‘(C) Challenges facing small retailers and rural retailers. ‘‘(D) The efforts that retailers and other entities have taken to address potential technology and infrastructure challenges. ‘‘(E) The costs and benefits of installing in retail stores electronic or digital link scan-ners or other evolving technology that pro-vide bioengineering disclosure information. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURE OPTIONS .—If the Secretary determines in the study con-ducted under paragraph (1) that consumers, while shopping, would not have sufficient ac-cess to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods, the Secretary, after consultation with food re-tailers and manufacturers, shall provide ad-ditional and comparable options to access the bioengineering disclosure. ‘‘(d) D
ISCLOSURE .—In promulgating regula-tions under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that— ‘‘(1) on-package language accompanies— ‘‘(A) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure, indicating that the electronic or digital link will provide access to an Internet website or other landing page by stating only ‘Scan here for more food information’, or equivalent language that only reflects technological changes; or ‘‘(B) any telephone number disclosure, in-dicating that the telephone number will pro-vide access to additional information by stating only ‘Call for more food informa-tion.’; ‘‘(2) the electronic or digital link will pro-vide access to the bioengineering disclosure located, in a consistent and conspicuous manner, on the first product information page that appears for the product on a mo-bile device, Internet website, or other land-ing page, which shall exclude marketing and promotional information; ‘‘(3)(A) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure may not collect, analyze, or sell any personally identifiable information about consumers or the devices of consumers; but ‘‘(B) if information described in subpara-graph (A) must be collected to carry out the purposes of this subtitle, that information shall be deleted immediately and not used for any other purpose; ‘‘(4) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure also includes a telephone number that provides access to the bioengineering disclo-sure; and ‘‘(5) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure is of sufficient size to be easily and ef-fectively scanned or read by a digital device. ‘‘(e) S
TATE FOOD LABELING STANDARDS .— Notwithstanding section 295, no State or po-litical subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in effect as to any food in inter-state commerce any requirement relating to the labeling or disclosure of whether a food is bioengineered or was developed or pro-duced using bioengineering for a food that is the subject of the national bioengineered food disclosure standard under this section that is not identical to the mandatory dis-closure requirement under that standard. ‘‘(f) CONSISTENCY WITHCERTAIN LAWS.— The Secretary shall consider establishing consistency between— ‘‘(1) the national bioengineered food disclo-sure standard established under this section; and ‘‘(2) the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) and any rules or regulations implementing that Act. ‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED ACT .—It shall be a prohib-ited act for a person to knowingly fail to make a disclosure as required under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Each person subject to the mandatory disclosure requirement under this section shall maintain, and make available to the Secretary, on request, such records as the Secretary determines to be customary or reasonable in the food indus-try, by regulation, to establish compliance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XAMINATION AND AUDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct an examination, audit, or similar activ-ity with respect to any records required under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND HEARING .—A person sub-ject to an examination, audit, or similar ac-tivity under subparagraph (A) shall be pro-vided notice and opportunity for a hearing on the results of any examination, audit, or similar activity. ‘‘(C) A
UDIT RESULTS .—After the notice and opportunity for a hearing under subpara-graph (B), the Secretary shall make public the summary of any examination, audit, or similar activity under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) R
ECALL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have no authority to recall any food subject to this subtitle on the basis of whether the food bears a disclosure that the food is bioengineered. 
‘‘SEC. 294. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T RADE .—This subtitle shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this subtitle— ‘‘(1) affects the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services or creates any rights or obligations for any person under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) affects the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury or creates any rights or obli-gations for any person under the Federal Al-cohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). ‘‘(c) O
THER .—A food may not be considered to be ‘not bioengineered’, ‘non-GMO’, or any other similar claim describing the absence of bioengineering in the food solely because the food is not required to bear a disclosure that the food is bioengineered under this subtitle. ‘‘Subtitle F—Labeling of Certain Food 
‘‘SEC. 295. FEDERAL PREEMPTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FOOD.—In this subtitle, the term ‘food’ has the meaning given the term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .—No State or a political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in effect as to any food or seed in interstate commerce any requirement re-lating to the labeling of whether a food (in-cluding food served in a restaurant or simi-lar establishment) or seed is genetically en-gineered (which shall include such other similar terms as determined by the Sec-retary of Agriculture) or was developed or produced using genetic engineering, includ-ing any requirement for claims that a food or seed is or contains an ingredient that was developed or produced using genetic engi-neering. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.038 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4736 June 29, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 296. EXCLUSION FROM FEDERAL PREEMP-TION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle, subtitle E, or any regulation, rule, or requirement promul-gated in accordance with this subtitle or subtitle E shall be construed to preempt any remedy created by a State or Federal statu-tory or common law right.’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANICALLY PRODUCED FOOD. 
In the case of a food certified under the na-tional organic program established under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), the certification shall be considered sufficient to make a claim re-garding the absence of bioengineering in the food, such as ‘‘not bioengineered’’, ‘‘non- GMO’’, or another similar claim. 
SA 4936. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4935 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment. 
SA 4937. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 764, to re-authorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle E—National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Standard 
‘‘SEC. 291. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) B
IOENGINEERING .—The term ‘bio-engineering’, and any similar term, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a food, refers to a food— ‘‘(A) that contains genetic material that has been modified through in vitro recom-binant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) tech-niques; and ‘‘(B) for which the modification could not otherwise be obtained through conventional breeding or found in nature. ‘‘(2) F
OOD.—The term ‘food’ means a food (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) that is intended for human consumption. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. 
‘‘SEC. 292. APPLICABILITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—This subtitle shall apply to any claim in a disclosure that a food bears that indicates that the food is a bioengi-neered food. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF DEFINITION .—The defi- nition of the term ‘bioengineering’ under section 291 shall not affect any other defini-tion, program, rule, or regulation of the Fed-eral Government. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO FOODS .—This subtitle shall apply only to a food subject to— ‘‘(1) the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) the labeling requirements under the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 451 et seq.), or the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq.) only if— ‘‘(A) the most predominant ingredient of the food would independently be subject to the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(B)(i) the most predominant ingredient of the food is broth, stock, water, or a similar solution; and ‘‘(ii) the second-most predominant ingre-dient of the food would independently be sub-ject to the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). ‘‘SEC. 293. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BIO-ENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MANDATORY STAND -
ARD.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish a national mandatory bio-engineered food disclosure standard with re-spect to any bioengineered food and any food that may be bioengineered; and ‘‘(2) establish such requirements and proce-dures as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the standard. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A food may bear a disclo-sure that the food is bioengineered only in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Secretary in accordance with this sub-title. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A regulation promul-gated by the Secretary in carrying out this subtitle shall— ‘‘(A) prohibit a food derived from an ani-mal to be considered a bioengineered food solely because the animal consumed feed produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered substance; ‘‘(B) determine the amounts of a bioengi-neered substance that may be present in food, as appropriate, in order for the food to be a bioengineered food; ‘‘(C) establish a process for requesting and granting a determination by the Secretary regarding other factors and conditions under which a food is considered a bioengineered food; ‘‘(D) in accordance with subsection (d), re-quire that the form of a food disclosure under this section be a text, symbol, or elec-tronic or digital link, but excluding Internet website Uniform Resource Locators not em-bedded in the link, with the disclosure op-tion to be selected by the food manufacturer; ‘‘(E) provide alternative reasonable disclo-sure options for food contained in small or very small packages; ‘‘(F) in the case of small food manufactur-ers, provide— ‘‘(i) an implementation date that is not earlier than 1 year after the implementation date for regulations promulgated in accord-ance with this section; and ‘‘(ii) on-package disclosure options, in ad-dition to those available under subparagraph (D), to be selected by the small food manu-facturer, that consist of— ‘‘(I) a telephone number accompanied by appropriate language to indicate that the phone number provides access to additional information; and ‘‘(II) an Internet website maintained by the small food manufacturer in a manner consistent with subsection (d), as appro-priate; and ‘‘(G) exclude— ‘‘(i) food served in a restaurant or similar retail food establishment; and ‘‘(ii) very small food manufacturers. ‘‘(3) S
AFETY .—For the purpose of regula-tions promulgated and food disclosures made pursuant to paragraph (2), a bioengineered food that has successfully completed the pre- market Federal regulatory review process shall not be treated as safer than, or not as safe as, a non-bioengineered counterpart of the food solely because the food is bioengi-neered or produced or developed with the use of bioengineering. ‘‘(c) STUDY OF ELECTRONIC OR DIGITAL LINK D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary shall conduct a study to iden-tify potential technological challenges that may impact whether consumers would have access to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall solicit and consider comments from the public. ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS .—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall consider whether con-sumer access to the bioengineering disclo-sure through electronic or digital disclosure methods under this subtitle would be af-fected by the following factors: ‘‘(A) The availability of wireless Internet or cellular networks. ‘‘(B) The availability of landline tele-phones in stores. ‘‘(C) Challenges facing small retailers and rural retailers. ‘‘(D) The efforts that retailers and other entities have taken to address potential technology and infrastructure challenges. ‘‘(E) The costs and benefits of installing in retail stores electronic or digital link scan-ners or other evolving technology that pro-vide bioengineering disclosure information. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURE OPTIONS .—If the Secretary determines in the study con-ducted under paragraph (1) that consumers, while shopping, would not have sufficient ac-cess to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods, the Secretary, after consultation with food re-tailers and manufacturers, shall provide ad-ditional and comparable options to access the bioengineering disclosure. ‘‘(d) D
ISCLOSURE .—In promulgating regula-tions under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that— ‘‘(1) on-package language accompanies— ‘‘(A) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure, indicating that the electronic or digital link will provide access to an Internet website or other landing page by stating only ‘Scan here for more food information’, or equivalent language that only reflects technological changes; or ‘‘(B) any telephone number disclosure, in-dicating that the telephone number will pro-vide access to additional information by stating only ‘Call for more food informa-tion.’; ‘‘(2) the electronic or digital link will pro-vide access to the bioengineering disclosure located, in a consistent and conspicuous manner, on the first product information page that appears for the product on a mo-bile device, Internet website, or other land-ing page, which shall exclude marketing and promotional information; ‘‘(3)(A) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure may not collect, analyze, or sell any personally identifiable information about consumers or the devices of consumers; but ‘‘(B) if information described in subpara-graph (A) must be collected to carry out the purposes of this subtitle, that information shall be deleted immediately and not used for any other purpose; ‘‘(4) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure also includes a telephone number that provides access to the bioengineering disclo-sure; and ‘‘(5) the electronic or digital link disclo-sure is of sufficient size to be easily and ef-fectively scanned or read by a digital device. ‘‘(e) S
TATE FOOD LABELING STANDARDS .— Notwithstanding section 295, no State or po-litical subdivision of a State may directly or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.038 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4737 June 29, 2016 
indirectly establish under any authority or continue in effect as to any food in inter-state commerce any requirement relating to the labeling or disclosure of whether a food is bioengineered or was developed or pro-duced using bioengineering for a food that is the subject of the national bioengineered food disclosure standard under this section that is not identical to the mandatory dis-closure requirement under that standard. ‘‘(f) C
ONSISTENCY WITHCERTAIN LAWS.— The Secretary shall consider establishing consistency between— ‘‘(1) the national bioengineered food disclo-sure standard established under this section; and ‘‘(2) the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) and any rules or regulations implementing that Act. ‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED ACT .—It shall be a prohib-ited act for a person to knowingly fail to make a disclosure as required under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Each person subject to the mandatory disclosure requirement under this section shall maintain, and make available to the Secretary, on request, such records as the Secretary determines to be customary or reasonable in the food indus-try, by regulation, to establish compliance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XAMINATION AND AUDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct an examination, audit, or similar activ-ity with respect to any records required under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND HEARING .—A person sub-ject to an examination, audit, or similar ac-tivity under subparagraph (A) shall be pro-vided notice and opportunity for a hearing on the results of any examination, audit, or similar activity. ‘‘(C) A
UDIT RESULTS .—After the notice and opportunity for a hearing under subpara-graph (B), the Secretary shall make public the summary of any examination, audit, or similar activity under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) R
ECALL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have no authority to recall any food subject to this subtitle on the basis of whether the food bears a disclosure that the food is bioengineered. 
‘‘SEC. 294. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T RADE .—This subtitle shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. ‘‘(b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this subtitle— ‘‘(1) affects the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services or creates any rights or obligations for any person under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) affects the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury or creates any rights or obli-gations for any person under the Federal Al-cohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). ‘‘(c) O
THER .—A food may not be considered to be ‘not bioengineered’, ‘non-GMO’, or any other similar claim describing the absence of bioengineering in the food solely because the food is not required to bear a disclosure that the food is bioengineered under this subtitle. ‘‘Subtitle F—Labeling of Certain Food 
‘‘SEC. 295. FEDERAL PREEMPTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FOOD.—In this subtitle, the term ‘food’ has the meaning given the term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .—No State or a political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in effect as to any food or seed in interstate commerce any requirement re-lating to the labeling of whether a food (in-cluding food served in a restaurant or simi-lar establishment) or seed is genetically en-gineered (which shall include such other similar terms as determined by the Sec-retary of Agriculture) or was developed or produced using genetic engineering, includ-ing any requirement for claims that a food or seed is or contains an ingredient that was developed or produced using genetic engi-neering. ‘‘SEC. 296. EXCLUSION FROM FEDERAL PREEMP-TION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle, subtitle E, or any regulation, rule, or requirement promul-gated in accordance with this subtitle or subtitle E shall be construed to preempt any remedy created by a State or Federal statu-tory or common law right.’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANICALLY PRODUCED FOOD. 
In the case of a food certified under the na-tional organic program established under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), the certification shall be considered sufficient to make a claim re-garding the absence of bioengineering in the food, such as ‘‘not bioengineered’’, ‘‘non- GMO’’, or another similar claim. This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 4938. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4937 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Act, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 4939. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 4938 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 4937 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 764, to reau-thorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 4940. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. S CHATZ ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2829, to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Trans-portation, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Maritime Administration Authoriza-tion and Enhancement Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION Sec. 101. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-ministration. Sec. 102. Maritime Administration author-ization request. TITLE II—PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT AND ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY Sec. 201. Actions to address sexual harass-ment and sexual assault at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 202. Sexual assault response coordina-tors and sexual assault victim advocates. Sec. 203. Report from the Department of Transportation Inspector Gen-eral. Sec. 204. Sexual assault prevention and re-sponse working group. TITLE III—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION ENHANCEMENT Sec. 301. Status of National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels. Sec. 302. Port infrastructure development. Sec. 303. State maritime academy physical standards and reporting. Sec. 304. Authority to extend certain age re-strictions relating to vessels participating in the maritime security fleet. Sec. 305. Appointments. Sec. 306. High-speed craft classification services. Sec. 307. Maritime workforce working group. Sec. 308. Vessel disposal program. Sec. 309. Maritime extreme weather task force. TITLE IV—IMPLEMENTATION OF WORK-FORCE MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENTS Sec. 401. Workforce plans and onboarding policies. Sec. 402. Drug and alcohol policy. Sec. 403. Vessel transfers. TITLE V—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS Sec. 501. Clarifying amendment; continu-ation boards. Sec. 502. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care. Sec. 503. Technical corrections to title 46, United States Code. Sec. 504. Coast Guard use of the Pribilof Is-lands. TITLE VI—POLAR ICEBREAKER FLEET RECAPITALIZATION TRANSPARENCY ACT Sec. 601. Short title. Sec. 602. Definitions. Sec. 603. Polar icebreaker recapitalization plan. Sec. 604. GAO report icebreaking capability in the United States. TITLE VII—NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND ASSAULT PREVEN-TION ACT Subtitle A—Sexual Harassment and Assault Prevention at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Sec. 711. Actions to address sexual harass-ment at National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Sec. 712. Actions to address sexual assault at National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. Sec. 713. Rights of the victim of a sexual as-sault. Sec. 714. Change of station. Sec. 715. Applicability of policies to crews of vessels secured by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration under contract. Sec. 716. Annual report on sexual assaults in the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration. Sec. 717. Definition. Subtitle B—Commissioned Officer Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration Sec. 721. References to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002. PART I—G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  Sec. 722. Strength and distribution in grade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.047 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4738 June 29, 2016 
Sec. 723. Recalled officers. Sec. 724. Obligated service requirement. Sec. 725. Training and physical fitness. Sec. 726. Recruiting materials. Sec. 727. Charter vessel safety policy. Sec. 728. Technical correction. PART II—P
ARITY AND RECRUITMENT  Sec. 731. Education loans. Sec. 732. Interest payments. Sec. 733. Student pre-commissioning pro-gram. Sec. 734. Limitation on educational assist-ance. Sec. 735. Applicability of certain provisions of title 10, United States Code, and extension of certain au-thorities applicable to members of the Armed Forces to com-missioned officer corps. Sec. 736. Applicability of certain provisions of title 37, United States Code. Sec. 737. Legion of Merit award. Sec. 738. Prohibition on retaliatory per-sonnel actions. Sec. 739. Penalties for wearing uniform without authority. Sec. 740. Application of certain provisions of competitive service law. Sec. 741. Employment and reemployment rights. Sec. 742. Treatment of commission in com-missioned officer corps for pur-poses of certain hiring deci-sions. Sec. 743. Direct hire authority. PART III—A
PPOINTMENTS AND PROMOTION OF  O
FFICERS  Sec. 751. Appointments. Sec. 752. Personnel boards. Sec. 753. Delegation of authority. Sec. 754. Assistant Administrator of the Of-fice of Marine and Aviation Op-erations. Sec. 755. Temporary appointments. Sec. 756. Officer candidates. Sec. 757. Procurement of personnel. PART IV—S
EPARATION AND RETIREMENT OF  O
FFICERS  Sec. 761. Involuntary retirement or separa-tion. Sec. 762. Separation pay. Subtitle C—Hydrographic Services Sec. 771. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. TITLE I—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME AD-MINISTRATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2017, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for programs associated with maintain-ing the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, $99,902,000, of which— (A) $74,851,000 shall be for Academy oper-ations; and (B) $25,051,000 shall remain available until expended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $29,550,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for the Student Incentive Program; (B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until expended for direct payments to such acad-emies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance; and (E) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for expenses to improve the moni-toring of the service obligations of grad-uates. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, $6,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and pro-grams, $57,142,000. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $20,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,000,000, which shall re-main available until expended for adminis-trative expenses of the program. SEC. 102. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHOR-IZATION REQUEST. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) S
UBMISSION OF ANNUAL MARITIME AD-
MINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Mari-time Administrator shall submit a Maritime Administration authorization request with respect to such fiscal year to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) D
EFINED TERM .—In this subsection, the term ‘Maritime Administration authoriza-tion request’ means a proposal for legislation that, with respect to the Maritime Adminis-tration for the relevant fiscal year— ‘‘(A) recommends authorizations of appro-priations for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) addresses any other matter that the Maritime Administrator determines is ap-propriate for inclusion in a Maritime Admin-istration authorization bill.’’. TITLE II—PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT AND ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY 
SEC. 201. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HARASS-MENT AND SEXUAL ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) P OLICY .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51318. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED POLICY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall direct the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy to prescribe a policy on sexual harass-ment and sexual assault applicable to the ca-dets and other personnel of the Academy. ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE SPECIFIED IN POLICY .— The policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault prescribed under this subsection shall include— ‘‘(A) a program to promote awareness of the incidence of rape, acquaintance rape, and other sexual offenses of a criminal nature that involve cadets or other Academy per-sonnel; ‘‘(B) procedures that a cadet should follow in the case of an occurrence of sexual harass-ment or sexual assault, including— ‘‘(i) specifying the person or persons to whom an alleged occurrence of sexual har-assment or sexual assault should be reported by a cadet and the options for confidential reporting; ‘‘(ii) specifying any other person whom the victim should contact; and ‘‘(iii) procedures on the preservation of evi-dence potentially necessary for proof of criminal sexual assault; ‘‘(C) a procedure for disciplinary action in cases of alleged criminal sexual assault in-volving a cadet or other Academy personnel; ‘‘(D) any other sanction authorized to be imposed in a substantiated case of sexual harassment or sexual assault involving a cadet or other Academy personnel in rape, acquaintance rape, or any other criminal sexual offense, whether forcible or nonforc-ible; and ‘‘(E) required training on the policy for all cadets and other Academy personnel, includ-ing the specific training required for per-sonnel who process allegations of sexual har-assment or sexual assault involving Acad-emy personnel. ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the policy developed under this subsection is available to— ‘‘(A) all cadets and employees of the Acad-emy; and ‘‘(B) the public. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy under this subsection, the Secretary may consult or receive assist-ance from such Federal, State, local, and na-tional organizations and subject matter ex-perts as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall ensure that the development program of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy includes a section that— ‘‘(A) describes the relationship between honor, respect, and character development and the prevention of sexual harassment and sexual assault at the Academy; and ‘‘(B) includes a brief history of the problem of sexual harassment and sexual assault in the merchant marine, in the Armed Forces, and at the Academy; and ‘‘(C) includes information relating to re-porting sexual harassment and sexual as-sault, victims’ rights, and dismissal for of-fenders. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING .—The Superintendent of the Academy shall ensure that all cadets receive the training described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) not later than 7 days after their ini-tial arrival at the Academy; and ‘‘(B) biannually thereafter until they grad-uate or leave the Academy. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, in cooperation with the Super-intendent of the Academy, shall conduct an assessment at the Academy during each Academy program year to determine the ef-fectiveness of the policies, procedures, and training of the Academy with respect to sex-ual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or other Academy personnel. ‘‘(2) B
IENNIAL SURVEY .—For each assess-ment of the Academy under paragraph (1) during an Academy program year that be-gins in an odd-numbered calendar year, the Secretary shall conduct a survey of cadets and other Academy personnel— ‘‘(A) to measure— ‘‘(i) the incidence, during that program year, of sexual harassment and sexual as-sault events, on or off the Academy campus, that have been reported to officials of the Academy; and ‘‘(ii) the incidence, during that program year, of sexual harassment and sexual as-sault events, on or off the Academy campus, that have not been reported to officials of the Academy; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4739 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(B) to assess the perceptions of cadets and other Academy personnel on— ‘‘(i) the policies, procedures, and training on sexual harassment and sexual assault in-volving cadets or Academy personnel; ‘‘(ii) the enforcement of the policies de-scribed in clause (i); ‘‘(iii) the incidence of sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or Acad-emy personnel; and ‘‘(iv) any other issues relating to sexual harassment and sexual assault involving ca-dets or Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) F
OCUS GROUPS FOR YEARS WHEN SURVEY  
NOT REQUIRED .—In any year in which the Secretary of Transportation is not required to conduct the survey described in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall conduct focus groups at the Academy for the purposes of ascertaining information relating to sexual assault and sexual harassment issues at the Academy. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Superintendent of the Academy shall submit a report to the Secretary of Transportation that provides information about sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or other per-sonnel at the Academy for each Academy program year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the Academy program year covered by the re-port— ‘‘(A) the number of sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses involving cadets or other Academy personnel that have been re-ported to Academy officials; ‘‘(B) the number of the reported cases de-scribed in subparagraph (A) that have been substantiated; ‘‘(C) the policies, procedures, and training implemented by the Superintendent and the leadership of the Academy in response to sexual harassment and sexual assault involv-ing cadets or other Academy personnel; and ‘‘(D) a plan for the actions that will be taken in the following Academy program year regarding prevention of, and response to, sexual harassment and sexual assault in-volving cadets or other Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY AND FOCUS GROUP RESULTS .— ‘‘(A) S
URVEY RESULTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) for an Academy program year that begins in an odd-numbered calendar year shall include the results of the survey conducted in that program year under sub-section (c)(2). ‘‘(B) F
OCUS GROUP RESULTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) for an Academy program year in which the Secretary of Transpor-tation is not required to conduct the survey described (c)(2) shall include the results of the focus group conducted in that program year under subsection (c)(3). ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) B
Y THE SUPERINTENDENT .—For each incident of sexual harassment or sexual as-sault reported to the Superintendent under this subsection, the Superintendent shall provide the Secretary of Transportation and the Board of Visitors of the Academy with a report that includes— ‘‘(i) the facts surrounding the incident, ex-cept for any details that would reveal the identities of the people involved; and ‘‘(ii) the Academy’s response to the inci-dent. ‘‘(B) B
Y THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall submit a copy of each report received under subparagraph (A) and the Secretary’s comments on the report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51318. Policy on sexual harassment and sex-ual assault.’’. SEC. 202. SEXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDI-NATORS AND SEXUAL ASSAULT VIC-TIM ADVOCATES. 
(a) C OORDINATORS AND ADVOCATES .—Chap- ter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by section 201, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51319. Sexual assault response coordina-tors and sexual assault victim advocates ‘‘(a) S
EXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDINA -
TORS .—The United States Merchant Marine Academy shall employ or contract with at least 1 full-time sexual assault response co-ordinator who shall reside on or near the Academy. The Secretary of Transportation may assign additional full-time or part-time sexual assault response coordinators at the Academy as may be necessary. ‘‘(b) V
OLUNTEER SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIM  A
DVOCATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, acting through the Super-intendent of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy, shall designate 1 or more per-manent employees who volunteer to serve as advocates for victims of sexual assaults in-volving— ‘‘(A) cadets of the Academy; or ‘‘(B) individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Academy. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING ; OTHER DUTIES .—Each victim advocate designated under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) have or receive training in matters re-lating to sexual assault and the comprehen-sive policy developed under section 51318 of title 46, United States Code; and ‘‘(B) serve as a victim advocate volun-tarily, in addition to the individual’s other duties as an employee of the Academy. ‘‘(3) P
RIMARY DUTIES .—While performing the duties of a victim advocate under this subsection, a designated employee shall— ‘‘(A) support victims of sexual assault by informing them of the rights and resources available to them as victims; ‘‘(B) identify additional resources to en-sure the safety of victims of sexual assault; and ‘‘(C) connect victims of sexual assault to an Academy sexual assault response coordi-nator, or full-time or part-time victim advo-cate, who shall act as a companion in navi-gating investigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and recovery processes re-lating to sexual assault. ‘‘(4) C
OMPANION .—At least 1 victim advo-cate designated under this subsection, while performing the duties of a victim advocate, shall act as a companion in navigating inves-tigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and recovery processes relating to sexual assault. ‘‘(5) H
OTLINE .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a 24-hour hotline through which the vic-tim of a sexual assault can receive victim support services. ‘‘(6) F
ORMAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER EN -
TITIES .—The Secretary may enter into for-mal relationships with other entities to make available additional victim advocates or to implement paragraphs (3), (4), and (5). ‘‘(7) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Information dis-closed by a victim to an advocate designated under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be treated by the advocate as confidential; and ‘‘(B) may not be disclosed by the advocate without the consent of the victim.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51319. Sexual assault response coordinators and sexual assault victim advo-cates.’’. SEC. 203. REPORT FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2018, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives that describes the effectiveness of the sexual harassment and sexual assault prevention and response program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) assess progress toward addressing any outstanding recommendations; (2) include any recommendations to reduce the number of sexual assaults involving members of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy, whether a member is the vic-tim, the alleged assailant, or both; (3) include any recommendations to im-prove the response of the Department of Transportation and the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy to reports of sexual assaults involving members of the Academy, whether a members is the victim, the alleged assailant, or both. (c) E
XPERTISE .—In compiling the report re-quired under this section, the inspection teams acting under the direction of the In-spector General shall— (1) include at least 1 member with exper-tise and knowledge of sexual assault preven-tion and response policies; or (2) consult with subject matter experts in the prevention of and response to sexual as-saults. 
SEC. 204. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-SPONSE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall convene a working group to examine methods to im-prove the prevention of, and response to, any sexual harassment or sexual assault that oc-curs during a Cadet’s Sea Year experience with the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall designate individuals to serve as members of the working group convened pur-suant to subsection (a). Membership in the working group shall consist of— (1) a representative of the Maritime Ad-ministration, which shall serve as chair of the working group; (2) the Superintendent of the Academy, or designee; (3) the sexual assault response coordinator appointed under section 51319 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 202; (4) a subject matter expert from the Coast Guard; (5) a subject matter expert from the Mili-tary Sealift Command; (6) at least 1 representative from each of the State maritime academies; (7) at least 1 representative from each pri-vate contracting party participating in the maritime security program; (8) at least 1 representative from each non-profit labor organization representing a class or craft of employees employed on vessels in the Maritime Security Fleet; (9) at least 2 representatives from approved maritime training institutions; and (10) at least 1 representative from compa-nies that— (A) participate in sea training of Academy cadets; and (B) do not participate in the maritime se-curity program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4740 June 29, 2016 
(c) N OQUORUM REQUIREMENT .—The Mari-time Administration may convene the work-ing group without all members present. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall— (1) evaluate options that could promote a climate of honor and respect, and a culture that is intolerant of sexual harassment and sexual assault and those who commit it, across the United States Flag Fleet; (2) raise awareness of the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s sexual assault prevention and response program across the United States Flag Fleet; (3) assess options that could be imple-mented by the United States Flag Fleet that would remove any barriers to the reporting of sexual harassment and sexual assault re-sponse that occur during a Cadet’s Sea Year experience and protect the victim’s confiden-tiality; (4) assess a potential program or policy, applicable to all participants of the mari-time security program, to improve the pre-vention of, and response to, sexual harass-ment and sexual assault incidents; (5) assess a potential program or policy, applicable to all vessels operating in the United States Flag Fleet that participate in the Maritime Security Fleet under section 53101 of title 46, United States Code, which carry cargos to which chapter 531 of such title applies, or are chartered by a Federal agency, requiring crews to complete a sexual harassment and sexual assault prevention and response training program before the Ca-det’s Sea Year that includes— (A) fostering a shipboard climate— (i) that does not tolerate sexual harass-ment and sexual assault; (ii) in which persons assigned to vessel crews are encouraged to intervene to prevent potential incidents of sexual harassment or sexual assault; and (iii) that encourages victims of sexual as-sault to report any incident of sexual harass-ment or sexual assault; and (B) understanding the needs of, and the re-sources available to, a victim after an inci-dent of sexual harassment or sexual assault; (6) assess whether the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy should continue with sea year training on privately owned vessels or change its curricula to provide alternative training; and (7) assess how vessel operators could en-sure the confidentiality of a report of sexual harassment or sexual assault in order to pro-tect the victim and prevent retribution. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that in-cludes— (1) recommendations on each of the work-ing group’s responsibilities described in sub-section (d); (2) the trade-offs, opportunities, and chal-lenges associated with the recommendations made in paragraph (1); and (3) any other information the working group determines appropriate. TITLE III—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION ENHANCEMENT 
SEC. 301. STATUS OF NATIONAL DEFENSE RE-SERVE FLEET VESSELS. 
Section 4405 of title 50, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Vessels in the National De-fense Reserve Fleet, including vessels loaned to State maritime academies, shall be con-sidered public vessels of the United States.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) VESSEL STATUS .—Ships or other watercraft in the National Defense Reserve Fleet determined by the Maritime Adminis-tration to be of insufficient value to remain in the National Defense Reserve Fleet— ‘‘(1) shall remain vessels (as defined in sec-tion 3 of title 1); and ‘‘(2) shall remain subject to the rights and responsibilities of a vessel under admiralty law until such time as the vessel is delivered to a dismantling facility or is otherwise dis-posed of from the National Defense Reserve Fleet.’’. 
SEC. 302. PORT INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 50302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are authorized’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Except as otherwise provided by law, the Adminis-trator may use not more than 3 percent of the amounts appropriated to carry out this section for the administrative expenses of the program.’’. 
SEC. 303. STATE MARITIME ACADEMY PHYSICAL STANDARDS AND REPORTING. 
Section 51506 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) agree that any individual enrolled at such State maritime academy in a merchant marine officer preparation program— ‘‘(A) shall, not later than 9 months after each such individual’s date of enrollment, pass an examination in form and substance satisfactory to the Secretary that dem-onstrates that such individual meets the medical and physical requirements— ‘‘(i) required for the issuance of an original license under section 7101; or ‘‘(ii) set by the Coast Guard for issuing merchant mariners’ documentation under section 7302, with no limit to his or her oper-ational authority; ‘‘(B) following passage of the examination under subparagraph (A), shall continue to meet the requirements or standards de-scribed in subparagraph (A) throughout the remainder of their respective enrollments at the State maritime academy; and ‘‘(C) if the individual has a medical or physical condition that disqualifies him or her from meeting the requirements or stand-ards referred to in subparagraph (A), shall be transferred to a program other than a mer-chant marine officer preparation program, or otherwise appropriately disenrolled from such State maritime academy, until the in-dividual demonstrates to the Secretary that the individual meets such requirements or standards.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
ECRETARIAL WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary is authorized to modify or waive any of the terms set forth in subsection (a)(4) with respect to any individual or State mari-time academy.’’. 
SEC. 304. AUTHORITY TO EXTEND CERTAIN AGE RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO VES-SELS PARTICIPATING IN THE MARI-TIME SECURITY FLEET. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY FOR EXTENSION OF MAX-
IMUM SERVICE AGE FOR A PARTICIPATING  FLEET VESSEL .—The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, may extend the maximum age re-strictions under sections 53101(5)(A)(ii) and 53106(c)(3) for a particular participating fleet vessel for up to 5 years if the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Transportation jointly determine that such extension is in the national interest.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF UNNECESSARY AGELIMITA -
TION.—Section 53106(c)(3) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or (C);’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 305. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘40’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’. (b) C
LASS PROFILE .—Not later than August 31 of each year, the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy shall post on the Academy’s public website a summary profile of each class at the Acad-emy. (c) C
ONTENTS .—Each summary profile post-ed under subsection (b) shall include, for the incoming class and for the 4 classes that pre-cede the incoming class, the number and per-centage of students— (1) by State; (2) by country; (3) by gender; (4) by race and ethnicity; and (5) with prior military service. 
SEC. 306. HIGH-SPEED CRAFT CLASSIFICATION SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3316(a) of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may use the services of an approved classification society for only a high-speed craft that— (1) was acquired by the Secretary from the Maritime Administration; (2) is not a high-speed naval combatant, patrol vessel, expeditionary vessel, or other special purpose military or law enforcement vessel; (3) is operated for commercial purposes; (4) is not operated or crewed by any depart-ment, agency, instrumentality, or employee of the United States Government; (5) is not directly engaged in any mission or other operation for or on behalf of any de-partment, agency, instrumentality, or em-ployee of the United States Government; and (6) is not primarily designed to carry freight owned, leased, used, or contracted for or by the United States Government. (b) D
EFINITION OF APPROVED CLASSIFICA -
TION SOCIETY .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-proved classification society’’ means a clas-sification society that has been approved by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating under section 3316(c) of title 46, United States Code. (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to affect the require-ments under section 3316 of title 46, United States Code, for a high-speed craft that does not meet the conditions under paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a). 
SEC. 307. MARITIME WORKFORCE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall con-vene a working group to examine and assess the size of the pool of citizen mariners nec-essary to support the United States Flag Fleet in times of national emergency. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall designate individuals to serve as members of the working group convened under subsection (a). The working group 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4741 June 29, 2016 
shall include, at a minimum, the following members: (1) At least 1 representative of the Mari-time Administration, who shall serve as chairperson of the working group. (2) At least 1 subject matter expert from the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy. (3) At least 1 subject matter expert from the Coast Guard. (4) At least 1 subject matter expert from the Military Sealift Command. (5) 1 subject matter expert from each of the State maritime academies. (6) At least 1 representative from each non-profit labor organization representing a class or craft of employees (licensed or unlicensed) who are employed on vessels operating in the United States Flag Fleet. (7) At least 4 representatives of owners of vessels operating the in United States Flag Fleet, or their private contracting parties, which are primarily operating in non-contig-uous or coastwise trades. (8) At least 4 representatives of owners of vessels operating the in United States Flag Fleet, or their private contracting parties, which are primarily operating in inter-national transportation. (c) N
OQUORUM REQUIREMENT .—The Mari-time Administration may convene the work-ing group without all members present. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall— (1) identify the number of United States citizen mariners— (A) in total; (B) that have a valid United States Coast Guard merchant mariner credential with the necessary endorsements for service on un-limited tonnage vessels subject to the Inter-national Convention on Standards of Train-ing, Certification and Watchkeeping for Sea-farers, 1978, as amended; (C) that are involved in Federal programs that support the United States Merchant Marine and United States Flag Fleet; (D) that are available to crew the United States Flag Fleet and the surge sealift fleet in times of a national emergency; (E) that are full-time mariners; (F) that have sailed in the prior 18 months; and (G) that are primarily operating in non- contiguous or coastwise trades; (2) assess the impact on the United States Merchant Marine and United States Mer-chant Marine Academy if graduates from State maritime academies and the United States Merchant Marine Academy were as-signed to, or required to fulfill, certain mari-time positions based on the overall needs of the United States Merchant Marine; (3) assess the Coast Guard Merchant Mar-iner Licensing and Documentation System, which tracks merchant mariner credentials and medical certificates, and its accessi-bility and value to the Maritime Administra-tion for the purposes of evaluating the pool of United States citizen mariners; and (4) make recommendations to enhance the availability and quality of interagency data, including data from the United States Trans-portation Command, the Coast Guard, and the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, for use by the Maritime Administration for eval-uating the pool of United States citizen mariners. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that contains the results of the study conducted under this section, including— (1) the number of United States citizen mariners identified for each category de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of subsection (d)(1); (2) the results of the assessments con-ducted under paragraphs (2) and (3) of sub-section (d); and (3) the recommendations made under sub-section (d)(4). SEC. 308. VESSEL DISPOSAL PROGRAM. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Janu-ary 1 of each year, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the management of the vessel disposal pro-gram of the Maritime Administration. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) the total amount of funds credited in the prior fiscal year to— (A) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund established by section 50301(a) of title 46, United States Code; and (B) any other account attributable to the vessel disposal program of the Maritime Ad-ministration; (2) the balance of funds available at the end of that fiscal year in— (A) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; and (B) any other account described in para-graph (1)(B); (3) in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, the total number of— (A) grant applications under the National Maritime Heritage Grants Program in the prior fiscal year; and (B) the applications under subparagraph (A) that were approved by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the National Maritime Initiative of the National Park Service; (4) a detailed description of each project funded under the National Maritime Herit-age Grants Program in the prior fiscal year for which funds from the Vessel Operations Revolving Funds were obligated, including the information described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 308703(j) of title 54, United States Code; and (5) a detailed description of the funds cred-ited to and distributions from the Vessel Op-erations Revolving Funds in the prior fiscal year. (c) A
SSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and bien-nially thereafter, the Administrator shall as-sess the vessel disposal program of the Mari-time Administration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an inventory of each vessel, subject to a disposal agreement, for which the Mari-time Administration acts as the disposal agent, including— (i) the age of the vessel; and (ii) the name of the Federal agency with which the Maritime Administration has en-tered into a disposal agreement; (B) a description of each vessel of a Federal agency that may meet the criteria for the Maritime Administration to act as the dis-posal agent, including— (i) the age of the vessel; and (ii) the name of the applicable Federal agency; (C) the Maritime Administration’s plan to serve as the disposal agent, as appropriate, for the vessels described in subparagraph (B); and (D) any other information related to the vessel disposal program that the Adminis-trator determines appropriate. (d) CESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This section ceases to be effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 309. MARITIME EXTREME WEATHER TASK FORCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall establish a task force to analyze the impact of extreme weather events, such as in the maritime environment (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Task Force shall be composed of— (1) the Secretary or the Secretary’s des-ignee; and (2) a representative of— (A) the Coast Guard; (B) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Federal Maritime Commission; and (D) such other Federal agency or inde-pendent commission as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), not later than 180 days after the date it is established under subsection (a), the Task Force shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the analysis under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an identification of available weather prediction, monitoring, and routing tech-nology resources; (B) an identification of industry best prac-tices relating to response to, and prevention of marine casualties from, extreme weather events; (C) a description of how the resources de-scribed in subparagraph (A) are used in the various maritime sectors, including by pas-senger and cargo vessels; (D) recommendations for improving mari-time response operations to extreme weather events and preventing marine casualties from extreme weather events, such as pro-moting the use of risk communications and the technologies identified under subpara-graph (A); and (E) recommendations for any legislative or regulatory actions for improving maritime response operations to extreme weather events and preventing marine casualties from extreme weather events. (3) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make the report under paragraph (1) and any notification under paragraph (4) publicly ac-cessible in an electronic format. (4) I
MMINENT THREATS .—The Task Force shall immediately notify the Secretary of any finding or recommendations that could protect the safety of an individual on a ves-sel from an imminent threat of extreme weather. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. TITLE IV—IMPLEMENTATION OF WORK-FORCE MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 401. WORKFORCE PLANS AND ONBOARDING POLICIES. 
(a) W ORKFORCE PLANS .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall review the Maritime Administration’s work-force plans, including its Strategic Human Capital Plan and Leadership Succession Plan, and fully implement competency mod-els for mission–critical occupations, includ-ing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4742 June 29, 2016 
(1) leadership positions; (2) human resources positions; and (3) transportation specialist positions. (b) O
NBOARDING POLICIES .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) review the Maritime Administration’s policies related to new hire orientation, training, and misconduct policies; (2) align the onboarding policies and proce-dures at headquarters and the field offices to ensure consistent implementation and provi-sion of critical information across the Mari-time Administration; and (3) update the Maritime Administration’s training policies and training systems to in-clude controls that ensure that all completed training is tracked in a standardized train-ing repository. (c) O
NBOARDING POLICIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives that describes the Maritime Administra-tion’s compliance with the requirements under this section. 
SEC. 402. DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall— (1) review the Maritime Administration’s drug and alcohol policies, procedures, and training practices; (2) ensure that all fleet managers have re-ceived training on the Department of Trans-portation’s drug and alcohol policy, includ-ing the testing procedures used by the De-partment and the Maritime Administration in cases of reasonable suspicion; and (3) institute a system for tracking all drug and alcohol policy training conducted under paragraph (2) in a standardized training re-pository. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes the Maritime Administration’s com-pliance with the requirements under this section. 
SEC. 403. VESSEL TRANSFERS. 
Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Ad-ministrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes the policies and procedures for vessel transfer, including— (1) a summary of the actions taken to up-date the Vessel Transfer Office procedures manual to reflect the current range of pro-gram responsibilities and processes; and (2) a copy of the updated Vessel Transfer Office procedures to process vessel transfer applications. TITLE V—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 501. CLARIFYING AMENDMENT; CONTINU-ATION BOARDS. 
Section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five officers serving in the grade of vice admiral’’ and in-serting ‘‘5 officers (other than the Com-mandant) serving in the grade of admiral or vice admiral’’. 
SEC. 502. PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT OF FUNDS NECESSARY TO PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 520. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care ‘‘(a) PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT REQUIRED .—In lieu of the reimbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall make a prospective payment to the Secretary of Defense of an amount that represents the actuarial valu-ation of treatment or care— ‘‘(1) that the Department of Defense shall provide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and de-pendents of such members and former mem-bers (other than former members and de-pendents of former members who are a Medi-care-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military de-partment; and ‘‘(2) for which a reimbursement would oth-erwise be made under such section 1085. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the prospec-tive payment under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall be derived from amounts appro-priated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard for treatment or care provided to members of the Coast Guard and their de-pendents; ‘‘(2) shall be derived from amounts appro-priated for retired pay for treatment or care provided to former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; ‘‘(3) shall be determined under procedures established by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(4) shall be paid during the fiscal year in which treatment or care is provided; and ‘‘(5) shall be subject to adjustment or rec-onciliation, as the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Defense joint-ly determine appropriate, during or prompt-ly after such fiscal year if the prospective payment is determined excessive or insuffi-cient based on the services actually pro-vided. ‘‘(c) N
OPROSPECTIVE PAYMENT WHENSERV-
ICE IN NAVY.—No prospective payment shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. ‘‘(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-tion may not be construed to require a pay-ment for, or the prospective payment of an amount that represents the value of, treat-ment or care provided under any TRICARE program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘520. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. 
SEC. 503. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 46, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 4503(f)(2), by striking ‘‘that’’ after ‘‘necessary,’’; and (2) in section 7510(c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘en-gine’’ and inserting ‘‘engineer’’; and (B) in paragraph (9), by inserting a period after ‘‘App’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 120). 
SEC. 504. COAST GUARD USE OF THE PRIBILOF ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 522(a)(1) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2015 (subtitle B of title V of Public Law 114– 120) is amended by striking ‘‘Lots’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, lots’’. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Maritime Administration Authorization and Enhance-ment Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— (1) the Coast Guard’s use of Tracts 43 and 39, located on St. Paul Island, Alaska, since operation of the LORAN-C system was ter-minated; (2) the Coast Guard’s plans for using the tracts described in paragraph (1) during fis-cal years 2016, 2017, and 2018; and (3) the Coast Guard’s plans for using the tracts described in paragraph (1) and other facilities on St. Paul Island after fiscal year 2018. TITLE VI—POLAR ICEBREAKER FLEET RECAPITALIZATION TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Ice-breaker Fleet Recapitalization Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 602. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 603. POLAR ICEBREAKER RECAPITALIZA-TION PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Navy, shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress, a detailed recapitalization plan to meet the 2013 De-partment of Homeland Security Mission Need Statement. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required under subsection (a) shall— (1) detail the number of heavy and medium polar icebreakers required to meet Coast Guard statutory missions in the polar re-gions; (2) identify the vessel specifications, capa-bilities, systems, equipment, and other de-tails required for the design of heavy polar icebreakers capable of fulfilling the mission requirements of the Coast Guard and the Navy, and the requirements of other agen-cies and department of the United States, as the Secretary determines appropriate; (3) list the specific appropriations required for the acquisition of each icebreaker, for each fiscal year, until the full fleet is recapi-talized; (4) describe the potential savings of serial acquisition for new polar class icebreakers, including specific schedule and acquisition requirements needed to realize such savings; (5) describe any polar icebreaking capacity gaps that may arise based on the current fleet and current procurement outlook; and (6) describe any additional polar icebreaking capability gaps due to any fur-ther delay in procurement schedules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4743 June 29, 2016 
SEC. 604. GAO REPORT ICEBREAKING CAPA-BILITY IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the current state of the United States Federal polar icebreaking fleet. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the icebreaking assets in operation in the United States and a descrip-tion of the missions completed by such as-sets; (2) an analysis of how such assets and the capabilities of such assets are consistent, or inconsistent, with the polar icebreaking mis-sion requirements described in the 2013 De-partment of Homeland Security Mission Need Statement, the Naval Operations Con-cept 2010, or other military and civilian gov-ernmental missions in the United States; (3) an analysis of the gaps in icebreaking capability of the United States based on the expected service life of the fleet of United States icebreaking assets; (4) a list of countries that are allies of the United States that have the icebreaking ca-pacity to exercise missions in the Arctic dur-ing any identified gap in United States icebreaking capacity in a polar region; and (5) a description of the policy, financial, and other barriers that have prevented time-ly recapitalization of the Coast Guard polar icebreaking fleet and recommendations to overcome such barriers, including potential international fee-based models used to com-pensate governments for icebreaking escorts or maintenance of maritime routes. TITLE VII—NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND ASSAULT PREVEN-TION ACT 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Sexual Harassment and Assault Prevention Act’’. Subtitle A—Sexual Harassment and Assault Prevention at the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration 
SEC. 711. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HARASS-MENT AT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EQUIRED POLICY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop a policy on the preven-tion of and response to sexual harassment in-volving employees of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, members of the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, and individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Admin-istration. (b) M
ATTERS TO BESPECIFIED IN POLICY .— The policy developed under subsection (a) shall include— (1) establishment of a program to promote awareness of the incidence of sexual harass-ment; (2) clear procedures an individual should follow in the case of an occurrence of sexual harassment, including— (A) a specification of the person or persons to whom an alleged occurrence of sexual har-assment should be reported by an individual and options for confidential reporting, in-cluding— (i) options and contact information for after-hours contact; and (ii) procedure for obtaining assistance and reporting sexual harassment while working in a remote scientific field camp, at sea, or in another field status; and (B) a specification of any other person whom the victim should contact; (3) establishment of a mechanism by which— (A) questions regarding sexual harassment can be confidentially asked and confiden-tially answered; and (B) incidents of sexual harassment can be confidentially reported; and (4) a prohibition on retaliation and con-sequences for retaliatory actions. (c) CONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy required by subsection (a), the Secretary may consult or receive as-sistance from such State, local, and national organizations and subject matter experts as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a) is available to— (1) all employees of the Administration and members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including those em-ployees and members who conduct field work for the Administration; and (2) the public. (e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION OF EQUAL EM-
PLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY PERSONNEL .—The Secretary shall ensure that at least 1 em-ployee of the Administration who is tasked with handling matters relating to equal em-ployment opportunity or sexual harassment is stationed— (1) in each region in which the Administra-tion conducts operations; and (2) in each marine and aviation center of the Administration. (f) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than 4 times each year, the Director of the Civil Rights Office of the Administration shall submit to the Under Secretary a report on sexual harassment in the Administration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Number of sexual harassment cases, both actionable and non-actionable, involv-ing individuals covered by the policy devel-oped under subsection (a). (B) Number of open actionable sexual har-assment cases and how long the cases have been open. (C) Such trends or region specific issues as the Director may have discovered with re-spect to sexual harassment in the Adminis-tration. (D) Such recommendations as the Director may have with respect to sexual harassment in the Administration. 
SEC. 712. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL ASSAULT AT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-PHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE POLICY ON PREVENTION  
AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop a com-prehensive policy on the prevention of and response to sexual assaults involving em-ployees of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, members of the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion, and individuals who work with or con-duct business on behalf of the Administra-tion. (b) E
LEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE POLICY .— The comprehensive policy developed under subsection (a) shall, at minimum, address the following matters: (1) Prevention measures. (2) Education and training on prevention and response. (3) A list of support resources an individual may use in the occurrence of sexual assault, including— (A) options and contact information for after-hours contact; and (B) procedure for obtaining assistance and reporting sexual assault while working in a remote scientific field camp, at sea, or in an-other field status. (4) Easy and ready availability of informa-tion described in paragraph (3). (5) Establishing a mechanism by which— (A) questions regarding sexual assault can be confidentially asked and confidentially answered; and (B) incidents of sexual assault can be con-fidentially reported. (6) Protocols for the investigation of com-plaints by command and law enforcement personnel. (7) Prohibiting retaliation and con-sequences for retaliatory actions against someone who reports a sexual assault. (8) Oversight by the Under Secretary of ad-ministrative and disciplinary actions in re-sponse to substantial incidents of sexual as-sault. (9) Victim advocacy, including establish-ment of and the responsibilities and training requirements for victim advocates as de-scribed in subsection (c). (10) Availability of resources for victims of sexual assault within other Federal agencies and State, local, and national organizations. (c) VICTIM ADVOCACY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall establish victim advocates to advocate for victims of sexual assaults involving employees of the Administration, members of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, and individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Administration. (2) V
ICTIM ADVOCATES .—For purposes of this subsection, a victim advocate is a per-manent employee of the Administration who— (A) is trained in matters relating to sexual assault and the comprehensive policy devel-oped under subsection (a); and (B) serves as a victim advocate voluntarily and in addition to the employee’s other du-ties as an employee of the Administration. (3) P
RIMARY DUTIES .—The primary duties of a victim advocate established under para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Supporting victims of sexual assault and informing them of their rights and the resources available to them as victims. (B) Acting as a companion in navigating investigative, medical, mental and emo-tional health, and recovery processes relat-ing to sexual assault. (C) Helping to identify resources to ensure the safety of victims of sexual assault. (4) L
OCATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that at least 1 victim advocate established under paragraph (1) is stationed— (A) in each region in which the Adminis-tration conducts operations; and (B) in each marine and aviation center of the Administration. (5) H
OTLINE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish a tele-phone number at which a victim of a sexual assault can contact a victim advocate. (B) 24-
HOUR ACCESS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the telephone number estab-lished under subparagraph (A) is monitored at all times. (6) F
ORMAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER EN -
TITIES .—The Secretary may enter into for-mal relationships with other entities to make available additional victim advocates. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a) is available to— (1) all employees of the Administration and members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including those em-ployees and members who conduct field work for the Administration; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4744 June 29, 2016 
(2) the public. (e) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy required by subsection (a), the Secretary may consult or receive as-sistance from such State, local, and national organizations and subject matter experts as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 713. RIGHTS OF THE VICTIM OF A SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
A victim of a sexual assault covered by the comprehensive policy developed under sec-tion 712(a) has the right to be reasonably protected from the accused. 
SEC. 714. CHANGE OF STATION. 
(a) C HANGE OF STATION , UNITTRANSFER , OR C
HANGE OF WORKLOCATION OF VICTIMS .— (1) T
IMELY CONSIDERATION AND ACTION UPON  
REQUEST .—The Secretary of Commerce, act-ing through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall— (A) in the case of a member of the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who was a victim of a sexual assault, in order to reduce the possibility of retaliation or further sex-ual assault, provide for timely determina-tion and action on an application submitted by the victim for consideration of a change of station or unit transfer of the victim; and (B) in the case of an employee of the Ad-ministration who was a victim of a sexual assault, to the degree practicable and in order to reduce the possibility of retaliation against the employee for reporting the sex-ual assault, accommodate a request for a change of work location of the victim. (2) P
ROCEDURES .— (A) P
ERIOD FOR APPROVAL AND DIS -
APPROVAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall ensure that an ap-plication or request submitted under para-graph (1) for a change of station, unit trans-fer, or change of work location is approved or denied within 72 hours of the submission of the application or request. (B) R
EVIEW .—If an application or request submitted under paragraph (1) by a victim of a sexual assault for a change of station, unit transfer, or change of work location of the victim is denied— (i) the victim may request the Secretary review the denial; and (ii) the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall, not later than 72 hours after receiving such request, affirm or overturn the denial. (b) C
HANGE OF STATION , UNITTRANSFER , 
ANDCHANGE OF WORKLOCATION OF ALLEGED  P
ERPETRATORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall develop a policy for the protection of victims of sexual assault described in subsection (a)(1) by pro-viding the alleged perpetrator of the sexual assault with a change of station, unit trans-fer, or change of work location, as the case may be, if the alleged perpetrator is a mem-ber of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration or an employee of the Ad-ministration. (2) P
OLICY REQUIREMENTS .—The policy re-quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A means to control access to the vic-tim. (B) Due process for the victim and the al-leged perpetrator. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations to carry out this sec-tion. (2) C
ONSISTENCY .—When practicable, the Secretary shall make regulations promul-gated under this section consistent with similar regulations promulgated by the Sec-retary of Defense. SEC. 715. APPLICABILITY OF POLICIES TO CREWS OF VESSELS SECURED BY NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD-MINISTRATION UNDER CONTRACT. 
The Under Secretary for Oceans and At-mosphere shall ensure that each contract into which the Under Secretary enters for the use of a vessel by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that covers the crew of the vessel, if any, shall include as a condition of the contract a provision that subjects such crew to the policy developed under section 711(a) and the comprehensive policy developed under section 712(a). 
SEC. 716. ANNUAL REPORT ON SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House of Representatives a re-port on the sexual assaults involving em-ployees of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, members of the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion, and individuals who work with or con-duct business on behalf of the Administra-tion. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to the previous calendar year, the fol-lowing: (1) The number of alleged sexual assaults involving employees, members, and individ-uals described in subsection (a). (2) A synopsis of each case and the discipli-nary action taken, if any, in each case. (3) The policies, procedures, and processes implemented by the Secretary, and any up-dates or revisions to such policies, proce-dures, and processes. (4) A summary of the reports received by the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere under section 711(f). (c) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—In preparing and submitting a report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that no individual in-volved in an alleged sexual assault can be identified by the contents of the report. 
SEC. 717. DEFINITION. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘sexual assault’’ shall have the meaning given such term in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925(a)). Subtitle B—Commissioned Officer Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration 
SEC. 721. REFERENCES TO NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRA-TION COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS ACT OF 2002. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this subtitle an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). PART I—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 722. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
Section 214 (33 U.S.C. 3004) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 214. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
‘‘(a) G RADES .—The commissioned grades in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration are the following, in relative rank with officers of the Navy: ‘‘(1) Vice admiral. ‘‘(2) Rear admiral. ‘‘(3) Rear admiral (lower half). ‘‘(4) Captain. ‘‘(5) Commander. ‘‘(6) Lieutenant commander. ‘‘(7) Lieutenant. ‘‘(8) Lieutenant (junior grade). ‘‘(9) Ensign. ‘‘(b) GRADE DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe, with respect to the distribu-tion on the lineal list in grade, the percent-ages applicable to the grades set forth in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL COMPUTATION OF NUMBER IN  G
RADE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall make a computation to determine the number of of-ficers on the lineal list authorized to be serv-ing in each grade. ‘‘(2) M
ETHOD OF COMPUTATION .—The number in each grade shall be computed by applying the applicable percentage to the total num-ber of such officers serving on active duty on the date the computation is made. ‘‘(3) F
RACTIONS .—If a final fraction occurs in computing the authorized number of offi-cers in a grade, the nearest whole number shall be taken. If the fraction is 
1⁄2, the next higher whole number shall be taken. ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN NUMBERS .— The total number of officers authorized by law to be on the lineal list during a fiscal year may be temporarily exceeded if the av-erage number on that list during that fiscal year does not exceed the authorized number. ‘‘(e) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPON -
SIBILITY .—Officers serving in positions des-ignated under section 228(a) and officers re-called from retired status shall not be count-ed when computing authorized strengths under subsection (c) and shall not count against those strengths. ‘‘(f) P
RESERVATION OF GRADE AND PAY.—No officer may be reduced in grade or pay or separated from the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as the result of a computation made to determine the au-thorized number of officers in the various grades.’’. 
SEC. 723. RECALLED OFFICERS. 
Section 215 (33 U.S.C. 3005) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Effective’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPON -
SIBILITY .—Officers serving in positions des-ignated under section 228 and officers re-called from retired status— ‘‘(1) may not be counted in determining the total number of authorized officers on the lineal list under this section; and ‘‘(2) may not count against such number.’’. 
SEC. 724. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 216. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall prescribe the obligated service requirements for appointments, training, promotions, sep-arations, continuations, and retirement of officers not otherwise covered by law. ‘‘(2) W
RITTEN AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary and officers shall enter into written agree-ments that describe the officers’ obligated service requirements prescribed under para-graph (1) in return for such appointments, training, promotions, separations, and re-tirements as the Secretary considers appro-priate. ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT FOR FAILURE TO SATISFY  R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an officer who fails to meet the service requirements prescribed under subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4745 June 29, 2016 
(a)(1) to reimburse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the training provided to that officer by the Secretary as the unserved por-tion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve. ‘‘(2) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED  
STATES .—An obligation to reimburse the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be con-sidered for all purposes as a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(3) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A dis- charge in bankruptcy under title 11 that is entered less than 5 years after the termi-nation of a written agreement entered into under subsection (a)(2) does not discharge the individual signing the agreement from a debt arising under such agreement. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER OR SUSPENSION OF COMPLI -
ANCE .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of an officer who— ‘‘(1) becomes unqualified to serve on active duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a circumstance not within the control of that officer; or ‘‘(2) is— ‘‘(A) not physically qualified for appoint-ment; and ‘‘(B) determined to be unqualified for serv-ice in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a physical or medical condition that was not the result of the officer’s own misconduct or grossly neg-ligent conduct.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 215 the following: ‘‘Sec. 216. Obligated service requirement.’’. 
SEC. 725. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 724(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 217. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
‘‘(a) T RAINING .—The Secretary may take such measures as may be necessary to ensure that officers are prepared to carry out their duties in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration and proficient in the skills necessary to carry out such duties. Such measures may include the following: ‘‘(1) Carrying out training programs and correspondence courses, including estab-lishing and operating a basic officer training program to provide initial indoctrination and maritime vocational training for officer candidates as well as refresher training, mid- career training, aviation training, and such other training as the Secretary considers necessary for officer development and pro-ficiency. ‘‘(2) Providing officers and officer can-didates with books and school supplies. ‘‘(3) Acquiring such equipment as may be necessary for training and instructional pur-poses. ‘‘(b) P
HYSICAL FITNESS .—The Secretary shall ensure that officers maintain a high physical state of readiness by establishing standards of physical fitness for officers that are substantially equivalent to those pre-scribed for officers in the Coast Guard.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 724(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 216 the following: ‘‘Sec. 217. Training and physical fitness.’’. 
SEC. 726. RECRUITING MATERIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by sections 724 and 725, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 218. USE OF RECRUITING MATERIALS FOR PUBLIC RELATIONS. 
‘‘The Secretary may use for public rela-tions purposes of the Department of Com-merce any advertising materials developed for use for recruitment and retention of per-sonnel for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. Any such use shall be under such conditions and subject to such re-strictions as the Secretary shall prescribe.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 725(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 217 the following: ‘‘Sec. 218. Use of recruiting materials for public relations.’’. 
SEC. 727. CHARTER VESSEL SAFETY POLICY. 
(a) P OLICY REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop and implement a char-ter vessel safety policy applicable to the ac-quisition by the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration of charter vessel services. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by sub-section (a) shall address vessel safety, oper-ational safety, and basic personnel safety re-quirements applicable to the vessel size, type, and intended use. At a minimum, the policy shall include the following: (1) Basic vessel safety requirements that address stability, egress, fire protection and lifesaving equipment, hazardous materials, and pollution control. (2) Personnel safety requirements that ad-dress crew qualifications, medical training and services, safety briefings and drills, and crew habitability. (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the basic vessel safety require-ments and personnel safety requirements in-cluded in the policy required by subsection (a)— (1) do not exceed the vessel safety require-ments and personnel safety requirements promulgated by the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating; and (2) to the degree practicable, are consistent with the requirements described in para-graph (1). 
SEC. 728. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 101(21)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘in the com-missioned officer corps’’ before ‘‘of the Na-tional’’. PART II—PARITY AND RECRUITMENT 
SEC. 731. EDUCATION LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 267. EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOREPAY EDUCATION  L
OANS .—For the purpose of maintaining ade-quate numbers of officers of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty who have skills required by the commissioned officer corps, the Secretary may repay, in the case of a person described in subsection (b), a loan that— ‘‘(1) was used by the person to finance edu-cation; and ‘‘(2) was obtained from a governmental en-tity, private financial institution, edu-cational institution, or other authorized en-tity. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .—To be eligible to obtain a loan repayment under this section, a person must— ‘‘(1) satisfy 1 of the requirements specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(2) be fully qualified for, or hold, an ap-pointment as a commissioned officer in the commissioned officer corps of the Adminis-tration; and ‘‘(3) sign a written agreement to serve on active duty, or, if on active duty, to remain on active duty for a period in addition to any other incurred active duty obligation. ‘‘(c) ACADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—One of the following academic re-quirements must be satisfied for purposes of determining the eligibility of an individual for a loan repayment under this section: ‘‘(1) The person is fully qualified in a pro-fession that the Secretary has determined to be necessary to meet identified skill short-ages in the commissioned officer corps. ‘‘(2) The person is enrolled as a full-time student in the final year of a course of study at an accredited educational institution (as determined by the Secretary of Education) leading to a degree in a profession that will meet identified skill shortages in the com-missioned officer corps. ‘‘(d) L
OANREPAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limits es-tablished under paragraph (2), a loan repay-ment under this section may consist of the payment of the principal, interest, and re-lated expenses of a loan obtained by a person described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—For each year of obligated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in sub-section (b)(3), the Secretary may pay not more than the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(e) A
CTIVE DUTYSERVICE OBLIGATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person entering into an agreement described in subsection (b)(3) incurs an active duty service obligation. ‘‘(2) L
ENGTH OF OBLIGATION DETERMINED  
UNDER REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the length of the obliga-tion under paragraph (1) shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM OBLIGATION .—The regula-tions prescribed under subparagraph (A) may not provide for a period of obligation of less than 1 year for each maximum annual amount, or portion thereof, paid on behalf of the person for qualified loans. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONS ON ACTIVE DUTY BEFORE EN -
TERING INTO AGREEMENT .—The active duty service obligation of persons on active duty before entering into the agreement shall be served after the conclusion of any other obli-gation incurred under the agreement. ‘‘(f) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TOCOMPLETE OBLI-
GATION .— ‘‘(1) A
LTERNATIVE OBLIGATIONS .—An officer who is relieved of the officer’s active duty obligation under this section before the com-pletion of that obligation may be given any alternative obligation, at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer who does not complete the period of active duty specified in the agreement entered into under sub-section (b)(3), or the alternative obligation imposed under paragraph (1), shall be subject to the repayment provisions under section 216. ‘‘(g) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion, including— ‘‘(1) standards for qualified loans and au-thorized payees; and ‘‘(2) other terms and conditions for the making of loan repayments.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4746 June 29, 2016 
Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 266 the following: ‘‘Sec. 267. Education loan repayment pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 732. INTEREST PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 731(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 268. INTEREST PAYMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary may pay the interest and any special allowances that accrue on 1 or more student loans of an eligi-ble officer, in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE OFFICERS .—An officer is eli-gible for the benefit described in subsection (a) while the officer— ‘‘(1) is serving on active duty; ‘‘(2) has not completed more than 3 years of service on active duty; ‘‘(3) is the debtor on 1 or more unpaid loans described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(4) is not in default on any such loan. ‘‘(c) S
TUDENT LOANS .—The authority to make payments under subsection (a) may be exercised with respect to the following loans: ‘‘(1) A loan made, insured, or guaranteed under part B of title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq.). ‘‘(2) A loan made under part D of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.). ‘‘(3) A loan made under part E of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(d) M
AXIMUM BENEFIT .—Interest and any special allowance may be paid on behalf of an officer under this section for any of the 36 consecutive months during which the officer is eligible under subsection (b). ‘‘(e) F
UNDS FOR PAYMENTS .—The Secretary may use amounts appropriated for the pay and allowances of personnel of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration for payments under this section. ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITH SECRETARY OF  E
DUCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretary of Education regard-ing the administration of this section. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of Education the funds necessary— ‘‘(A) to pay interest and special allowances on student loans under this section (in ac-cordance with sections 428(o), 455(l), and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o), 1087e(l), and 1087dd(j)); and ‘‘(B) to reimburse the Secretary of Edu-cation for any reasonable administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in coordi-nating the program under this section with the administration of the student loan pro-grams under parts B, D, and E of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq., 1087a et seq., 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL ALLOWANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘special allowance’ means a special allowance that is payable under sec-tion 438 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 428(o) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANIN-
TEREST PAYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 264 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, re-spectively,’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (2) Sections 455(l) and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(l) and 1087dd(j)) are each amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘ARMED FORCES AND NOAA C OM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANIN-
TEREST PAYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 264 of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, re-spectively’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 731(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 267 the following: ‘‘Sec. 268. Interest payment program.’’. 
SEC. 733. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 732(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 269. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE FINANCIAL AS-
SISTANCE .—For the purpose of maintaining adequate numbers of officers of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty, the Secretary may provide fi-nancial assistance to a person described in subsection (b) for expenses of the person while the person is pursuing on a full-time basis at an accredited educational institu-tion (as determined by the Secretary of Edu-cation) a program of education approved by the Secretary that leads to— ‘‘(1) a baccalaureate degree in not more than 5 academic years; or ‘‘(2) a postbaccalaureate degree. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person is eligible to obtain financial assistance under subsection (a) if the person— ‘‘(A) is enrolled on a full-time basis in a program of education referred to in sub-section (a) at any educational institution de-scribed in such subsection; ‘‘(B) meets all of the requirements for ac-ceptance into the commissioned officer corps of the Administration except for the comple-tion of a baccalaureate degree; and ‘‘(C) enters into a written agreement with the Secretary described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
GREEMENT .—A written agreement re-ferred to in paragraph (1)(C) is an agreement between the person and the Secretary in which the person agrees— ‘‘(A) to accept an appointment as an offi-cer, if tendered; and ‘‘(B) upon completion of the person’s edu-cational program, agrees to serve on active duty, immediately after appointment, for— ‘‘(i) up to 3 years if the person received less than 3 years of assistance; and ‘‘(ii) up to 5 years if the person received at least 3 years of assistance. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFYING EXPENSES .—Expenses for which financial assistance may be provided under subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(1) Tuition and fees charged by the edu-cational institution involved. ‘‘(2) The cost of books. ‘‘(3) In the case of a program of education leading to a baccalaureate degree, labora-tory expenses. ‘‘(4) Such other expenses as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe the amount of finan-cial assistance provided to a person under subsection (a), which may not exceed the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code, for each year of obli-gated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(e) DURATION OF ASSISTANCE .—Financial assistance may be provided to a person under subsection (a) for not more than 5 consecu-tive academic years. ‘‘(f) S
UBSISTENCE ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person who receives fi-nancial assistance under subsection (a) shall be entitled to a monthly subsistence allow-ance at a rate prescribed under paragraph (2) for the duration of the period for which the person receives such financial assistance. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The Sec- retary shall prescribe monthly rates for sub-sistence allowance provided under paragraph (1), which shall be equal to the amount speci-fied in section 2144(a) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(g) I
NITIAL CLOTHING ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The Secretary may pre-scribe a sum which shall be credited to each person who receives financial assistance under subsection (a) to cover the cost of the person’s initial clothing and equipment issue. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Upon completion of the program of education for which a person receives financial assistance under sub-section (a) and acceptance of appointment in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, the person may be issued a subsequent clothing allowance equivalent to that normally provided to a newly appointed officer. ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION OF FINANCIAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ter-minate the assistance provided to a person under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary accepts a request by the person to be released from an agreement de-scribed in subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(B) the misconduct of the person results in a failure to complete the period of active duty required under the agreement; or ‘‘(C) the person fails to fulfill any term or condition of the agreement. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may require a person who receives assistance de-scribed in subsection (c), (f), or (g) under an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) to reimburse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the assistance provided to that person as the unserved portion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve under the agreement. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of a person through an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) if the person— ‘‘(A) becomes unqualified to serve on ac-tive duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a cir-cumstance not within the control of that person; or ‘‘(B) is— ‘‘(i) not physically qualified for appoint-ment; and ‘‘(ii) determined to be unqualified for serv-ice in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a physical or medical condition that was not the result of the person’s own misconduct or grossly neg-ligent conduct. ‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED  
STATES .—An obligation to reimburse the Secretary imposed under paragraph (2) is, for all purposes, a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A dis- charge in bankruptcy under title 11, United States Code, that is entered less than 5 years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4747 June 29, 2016 
after the termination of a written agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) does not discharge the person signing the agree-ment from a debt arising under such agree-ment or under paragraph (2). ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate such regulations and orders as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 732(c), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 268 the following: ‘‘Sec. 269. Student pre-commissioning edu-cation assistance program.’’. 
SEC. 734. LIMITATION ON EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each fiscal year, begin-ning with fiscal year 2013, the Secretary of Commerce shall ensure that the total amount expended by the Secretary under section 267 of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration Commissioned Of-ficer Corps Act of 2002 (as added by section 731(a)), section 268 of such Act (as added by section 732(a)), and section 269 of such Act (as added by section 733(a)) does not exceed the amount by which— (1) the total amount the Secretary would pay in that fiscal year to officer candidates under section 203(f)(1) of title 37, United States Code (as added by section 756(d)), if such section entitled officers candidates to pay at monthly rates equal to the basic pay of a commissioned officer in the pay grade O– 1 with less than 2 years of service; exceeds (2) the total amount the Secretary actu-ally pays in that fiscal year to officer can-didates under section 203(f)(1) of such title (as so added). (b) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘officer candidate’’ has the meaning given the term in section 212 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3002), as added by section 756(c). 
SEC. 735. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, AND EXTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OFTITLE 10.—Section 261(a) (33 U.S.C. 3071(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (16) as paragraphs (20) through (23), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (12) as paragraphs (12) through (17), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) Section 771, relating to unauthorized wearing of uniforms. ‘‘(5) Section 774, relating to wearing reli-gious apparel while in uniform. ‘‘(6) Section 982, relating to service on State and local juries. ‘‘(7) Section 1031, relating to administra-tion of oaths.’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (10), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(11) Chapter 58, relating to the Benefits and Services for members being separated or recently separated.’’; and (6) by inserting after paragraph (17), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(18) Subchapter I of chapter 88, relating to Military Family Programs. ‘‘(19) Section 2005, relating to advanced education assistance, active duty agree-ments, and reimbursement requirements.’’. (b) EXTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES .— (1) N
OTARIAL SERVICES .—Section 1044a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. (2) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES  
FOR PROGRAMS SERVING MEMBERS AND THEIR  
FAMILIES .—Section 1588 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED FOR ACCEPT -
ANCE OF SERVICES FOR PROGRAMS SERVING  M
EMBERS OF NOAA AND THEIR FAMILIES .— For purposes of the acceptance of services described in subsection (a)(3), the term ‘Sec-retary concerned’ in subsection (a) shall in-clude the Secretary of Commerce with re-spect to members of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.’’. (3) C
APSTONE COURSE FOR NEWLY SELECTED  
FLAG OFFICERS .—Section 2153 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration’’ after ‘‘in the case of the Navy’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘other armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘other uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Commerce, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’. 
SEC. 736. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 261 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 261A. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
‘‘(a) P ROVISIONS MADEAPPLICABLE TO COM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS .—The provisions of law applicable to the Armed Forces under the following provisions of title 37, United States Code, shall apply to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration: ‘‘(1) Section 324, relating to accession bo-nuses for new officers in critical skills. ‘‘(2) Section 403(f)(3), relating to pre-scribing regulations defining the terms ‘field duty’ and ‘sea duty’. ‘‘(3) Section 403(l), relating to temporary continuation of housing allowance for de-pendents of members dying on active duty. ‘‘(4) Section 414(a)(2), relating to personal money allowance while serving as Director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration Commissioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(5) Section 488, relating to allowances for recruiting expenses. ‘‘(6) Section 495, relating to allowances for funeral honors duty. ‘‘(b) R
EFERENCES .—The authority vested by title 37, United States Code, in the ‘military departments’, ‘the Secretary concerned’, or ‘the Secretary of Defense’ with respect to the provisions of law referred to in sub-section (a) shall be exercised, with respect to the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration, by the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary’s designee.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 261 the following: ‘‘Sec. 261A. Applicability of certain provi-sions of title 37, United States Code.’’. SEC. 737. LEGION OF MERIT AWARD. 
Section 1121 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. 
SEC. 738. PROHIBITION ON RETALIATORY PER-SONNEL ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 261 (33 U.S.C. 3071), as amended by section 735, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (23) as paragraphs (9) through (24), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) Section 1034, relating to protected communications and prohibition of retalia-tory personnel actions.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of para-graph (8) of subsection (a), the term ‘Inspec-tor General’ in section 1034 of such title 10 shall mean the Inspector General of the De-partment of Commerce.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING PROTECTED  C
OMMUNICATIONS AND PROHIBITION OF RETAL -
IATORY PERSONNEL ACTIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate regulations to carry out the application of section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including by promulgating such administrative proce-dures for investigation and appeal within the commissioned officer corps as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 739. PENALTIES FOR WEARING UNIFORM WITHOUT AUTHORITY. 
Section 702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Service or any’’ and inserting ‘‘Service, the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, or any’’. 
SEC. 740. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF COMPETITIVE SERVICE LAW. 
Section 3304(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and members of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘sepa-rated from the armed forces’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or vet-eran’’ and inserting ‘‘, veteran, or member’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and members of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘sepa-rated from the armed forces’’. 
SEC. 741. EMPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. 
Section 4303(16) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,’’ after ‘‘Public Health Service,’’. 
SEC. 742. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DE-CISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by this subtitle, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4748 June 29, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 269A. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS AS EM-PLOYMENT IN ADMINISTRATION FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which the Secretary accepts an application for a posi-tion of employment with the Administration and limits consideration of applications for such position to applications submitted by individuals serving in a career or career-con-ditional position in the competitive service within the Administration, the Secretary shall deem an officer who has served as an officer in the commissioned officer corps for at least 3 years to be serving in a career or career-conditional position in the competi-tive service within the Administration for purposes of such limitation. ‘‘(b) C
AREER APPOINTMENTS .—If the Sec-retary selects an application submitted by an officer described in subsection (a) for a position described in such subsection, the Secretary shall give such officer a career or career-conditional appointment in the com-petitive service, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
OMPETITIVE SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘competitive service’ has the meaning given the term in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 269, as added by this subtitle, the following: ‘‘Sec. 269A. Treatment of commission in commissioned officer corps as employment in Administration for purposes of certain hiring decisions.’’. 
SEC. 743. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of a Federal agency may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sec-tions 3303 and 3328 of such title, a qualified candidate described subsection (b) directly to a position in the agency for which the candidate meets qualification standards of the Office of Personnel Management. (b) C
ANDIDATES DESCRIBED .—A candidate described in this subsection is a current or former member of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration who— (1) fulfilled his or her obligated service re-quirement under section 216 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, as added by section 724; (2) if no longer a member of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, was not discharged or released therefrom as part of a disciplinary action; and (3) has been separated or released from service in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration for a period of not more than 5 years. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to appointments made in fiscal year 2016 and in each fiscal year there-after. PART III—APPOINTMENTS AND PROMOTION OF OFFICERS 
SEC. 751. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 221 (33 U.S.C. 3021) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 221. ORIGINAL APPOINTMENTS AND RE-APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) G
RADES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an original appointment of an officer may be made in such grades as may be appropriate for— ‘‘(i) the qualification, experience, and length of service of the appointee; and ‘‘(ii) the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) APPOINTMENT OF OFFICER CAN -
DIDATES .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON GRADE .—An original ap-pointment of an officer candidate, upon grad-uation from the basic officer training pro-gram of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, may not be made in any other grade than ensign. ‘‘(ii) R
ANK.—Officer candidates receiving appointments as ensigns upon graduation from basic officer training program shall take rank according to their proficiency as shown by the order of their merit at date of graduation. ‘‘(2) S
OURCE OF APPOINTMENTS .—An original appointment may be made from among the following: ‘‘(A) Graduates of the basic officer training program of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) Graduates of the military service academies of the United States who other-wise meet the academic standards for enroll-ment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Graduates of the maritime academies of the States who— ‘‘(i) otherwise meet the academic stand-ards for enrollment in the training program described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) completed at least 3 years of regi-mented training while at a maritime acad-emy of a State; and ‘‘(iii) obtained an unlimited tonnage or un-limited horsepower Merchant Mariner Cre-dential from the United States Coast Guard. ‘‘(D) Licensed officers of the United States merchant marine who have served 2 or more years aboard a vessel of the United States in the capacity of a licensed officer, who other-wise meet the academic standards for enroll-ment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) M
ARITIME ACADEMIES OF THE STATES .— The term ‘maritime academies of the States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) California Maritime Academy, Vallejo, California. ‘‘(ii) Great Lakes Maritime Academy, Tra-verse City, Michigan. ‘‘(iii) Maine Maritime Academy, Castine, Maine. ‘‘(iv) Massachusetts Maritime Academy, Buzzards Bay, Massachusetts. ‘‘(v) State University of New York Mari-time College, Fort Schuyler, New York. ‘‘(vi) Texas A&M Maritime Academy, Gal-veston, Texas. ‘‘(B) M
ILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—The term ‘military service academies of the United States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The United States Military Academy, West Point, New York. ‘‘(ii) The United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland. ‘‘(iii) The United States Air Force Acad-emy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. ‘‘(iv) The United States Coast Guard Acad-emy, New London, Connecticut. ‘‘(v) The United States Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, New York. ‘‘(b) R
EAPPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an individual who previously served in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration may be appointed by the Secretary to the grade the individual held prior to separation. ‘‘(2) R
EAPPOINTMENTS TO HIGHER GRADES .— An appointment under paragraph (1) to a po-sition of importance and responsibility des-ignated under section 228 may only be made by the President. ‘‘(c) QUALIFICATIONS .—An appointment under subsection (a) or (b) may not be given to an individual until the individual’s men-tal, moral, physical, and professional fitness to perform the duties of an officer has been established under such regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(d) P
RECEDENCE OF APPOINTEES .—Ap- pointees under this section shall take prece-dence in the grade to which appointed in ac-cordance with the dates of their commissions as commissioned officers in such grade. Ap-pointees whose dates of commission are the same shall take precedence with each other as the Secretary shall determine. ‘‘(e) I
NTER -SERVICE TRANSFERS .—For inter- service transfers (as described in the Depart-ment of Defense Directive 1300.4 (dated De-cember 27, 2006)) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating to pro-mote and streamline inter-service transfers; ‘‘(2) give preference to such inter-service transfers for recruitment purposes as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(3) reappoint such inter-service transfers to the equivalent grade in the commissioned officer corps.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 221 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 221. Original appointments and re-appointments.’’. 
SEC. 752. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
Section 222 (33 U.S.C. 3022) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 222. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
‘‘(a) C ONVENING .—Not less frequently than once each year and at such other times as the Secretary determines necessary, the Sec-retary shall convene a personnel board. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A board convened under subsection (a) shall consist of 5 or more offi-cers who are serving in or above the perma-nent grade of the officers under consider-ation by the board. ‘‘(2) R
ETIRED OFFICERS .—Officers on the re-tired list may be recalled to serve on such personnel boards as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(3) N
O MEMBERSHIP ON 2 SUCCESSIVE  
BOARDS .—No officer may be a member of 2 successive personnel boards convened to con-sider officers of the same grade for pro-motion or separation. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—Each personnel board shall— ‘‘(1) recommend to the Secretary such changes as may be necessary to correct any erroneous position on the lineal list that was caused by administrative error; and ‘‘(2) make selections and recommendations to the Secretary and the President for the appointment, promotion, involuntary sepa-ration, continuation, and involuntary retire-ment of officers in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as prescribed in this title. ‘‘(d) A
CTION ON RECOMMENDATIONS NOTAC-
CEPTABLE .—If any recommendation by a board convened under subsection (a) is not accepted by the Secretary or the President, the board shall make such further rec-ommendations as the Secretary or the Presi-dent considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 753. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 226 (33 U.S.C. 3026) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Appointments’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Appointments’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4749 June 29, 2016 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this section, the President shall, during a pe-riod in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. 
SEC. 754. ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE OFFICE OF MARINE AND AVIATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 228(c) (33 U.S.C. 3028(c)) is amend-ed— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘Di-rector’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Adminis-trator’’; and (2) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘A
SSISTANT  A
DMINISTRATOR OF THE ’’ before ‘‘O FFICE ’’. 
SEC. 755. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 229 (33 U.S.C. 3029) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 229. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPOINTMENTS BY PRESIDENT .—Tem- porary appointments in the grade of ensign, lieutenant junior grade, or lieutenant may be made by the President. ‘‘(b) T
ERMINATION .—A temporary appoint-ment to a position under subsection (a) shall terminate upon approval of a permanent ap-pointment for such position made by the President. ‘‘(c) O
RDER OF PRECEDENCE .—Appointees under subsection (a) shall take precedence in the grade to which appointed in accordance with the dates of their appointments as offi-cers in such grade. The order of precedence of appointees who are appointed on the same date shall be determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) A
NYONEGRADE .—When determined by the Secretary to be in the best interest of the commissioned officer corps, officers in any permanent grade may be temporarily promoted one grade by the President. Any such temporary promotion terminates upon the transfer of the officer to a new assign-ment. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this section, the President shall, during a pe-riod in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Dep-uty Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 229 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 229. Temporary appointments.’’. 
SEC. 756. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 234. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION OF NUMBER .—The Sec- retary shall determine the number of ap-pointments of officer candidates. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—Appointment of officer candidates shall be made under regulations which the Secretary shall prescribe, includ-ing regulations with respect to determining age limits, methods of selection of officer candidates, term of service as an officer can-didate before graduation from the program, and all other matters affecting such appoint-ment. ‘‘(c) D
ISMISSAL .—The Secretary may dis-miss from the basic officer training program of the Administration any officer candidate who, during the officer candidate’s term as an officer candidate, the Secretary considers unsatisfactory in either academics or con-duct, or not adapted for a career in the com-missioned officer corps of the Administra-tion. Officer candidates shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Director of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(d) AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each officer candidate shall sign an agreement with the Secretary in accordance with section 216(a)(2) regard-ing the officer candidate’s term of service in the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement signed by an officer candidate under paragraph (1) shall provide that the officer candidate agrees to the following: ‘‘(A) That the officer candidate will com-plete the course of instruction at the basic officer training program of the Administra-tion. ‘‘(B) That upon graduation from the such program, the officer candidate— ‘‘(i) will accept an appointment, if ten-dered, as an officer; and ‘‘(ii) will serve on active duty for at least 4 years immediately after such appointment. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion. Such regulations shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes a breach of an agreement signed under such subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred. ‘‘(f) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer candidate or former officer candidate who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as speci-fied under section (d) shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 216(b).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 233 the following: ‘‘Sec. 234. Officer candidates.’’. (c) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—Section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 3002(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) O
FFICER CANDIDATE .—The term ‘officer candidate’ means an individual who is en-rolled in the basic officer training program of the Administration and is under consider-ation for appointment as an officer under section 221(a)(2)(A).’’. (d) P
AY FOR OFFICER CANDIDATES .—Section 203 of title 37, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f)(1) An officer candidate enrolled in the basic officer training program of the com-missioned officer corps of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration is en-titled, while participating in such program, to monthly officer candidate pay at monthly rate equal to the basic pay of an enlisted member in the pay grade E–5 with less than 2 years service. ‘‘(2) An individual who graduates from such program shall receive credit for the time spent participating in such program as if such time were time served while on active duty as a commissioned officer. If the indi-vidual does not graduate from such program, such time shall not be considered creditable for active duty or pay.’’. 
SEC. 757. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.), as amended by section 756(a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘SEC. 235. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
‘‘The Secretary may make such expendi-tures as the Secretary considers necessary in order to obtain recruits for the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, including advertising.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses’’ (Public Law 107–372), as amended by section 756(b), is further amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 234 the following: ‘‘235. Procurement of personnel.’’. PART IV—SEPARATION AND RETIREMENT OF OFFICERS 
SEC. 761. INVOLUNTARY RETIREMENT OR SEPA-RATION. 
Section 241 (33 U.S.C. 3041) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
EFERMENT OF RETIREMENT OR SEPA-
RATION FOR MEDICAL REASONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the evaluation of the medical condition of an officer requires hospitaliza-tion or medical observation that cannot be completed with confidence in a manner con-sistent with the officer’s well being before the date on which the officer would other-wise be required to retire or be separated under this section, the Secretary may defer the retirement or separation of the officer. ‘‘(2) C
ONSENT REQUIRED .—A deferment may only be made with the written consent of the officer involved. If the officer does not pro-vide written consent to the deferment, the officer shall be retired or separated as sched-uled. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A deferral of retirement or separation under this subsection may not extend for more than 30 days after comple-tion of the evaluation requiring hospitaliza-tion or medical observation.’’. 
SEC. 762. SEPARATION PAY. 
Section 242 (33 U.S.C. 3042) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—An officer discharged for twice failing selection for promotion to the next higher grade is not entitled to separa-tion pay under this section if the officer— ‘‘(1) expresses a desire not to be selected for promotion; or ‘‘(2) requests removal from the list of se-lectees.’’. Subtitle C—Hydrographic Services 
SEC. 771. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels— ’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4750 June 29, 2016 
(E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses necessary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coast-al change in the Arctic; and ‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to Alaska Na-tive subsistence and coastal communities as-sociated with increased international mari-time traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to ac-quire hydrographic data and provide hydro-graphic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Conti-nental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts author-ized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administra-tive costs associated with contract manage-ment.’’. 
SA 4941. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 4942. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 3 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 4943. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: This Act shall take effect 4 days after the date of enactment. 
SA 4944. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’. 
SA 4945. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 4946. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘ESSA Implementation: Update from the U.S. Secretary of Education on Proposed Regulations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Preparing for and Protecting the Nation from Zika.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 29, 2016, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on June 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Older Americans From Fi-nancial Exploitation.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on June 29, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘America Without Entrepreneurs: The Con-sequences of Dwindling Startup Activ-ity.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 29, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight of the Committee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 29, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. in room SD– 406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency Enforcement and Com-pliance Programs.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Kelsey Boe, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges during the duration of to-day’s session in the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMOVAL OF INJUNCTION OF SE-CRECY—TREATY DOCUMENT NO. 114–12 On Tuesday, June 28, 2016, the injunc-tion of secrecy was removed from the following treaty transmitted to the Senate on June 28, 2016, by the Presi-dent of the United States: Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, Treaty Document No. 114–12. The message of the President ordered to be printed is as follows: To the Senate of the United States: I transmit herewith, for Senate ad-vice and consent to ratification, the Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro. This Protocol was signed in Brussels on May 19, 2016, on behalf of the United States and the other Parties to the North Atlantic Treaty. Also trans-mitted for the information of the Sen-ate is an overview of the Protocol by the Department of State. Full ratifica-tion of the Protocol by the United States and our allies will allow Monte-negro to become a Party to the North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4751 June 29, 2016 
Atlantic Treaty and a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). Article 10 of the North Atlantic Trea-ty, which outlines NATO’s Open Door policy, is part of the doctrinal founda-tion of the Alliance. Montenegro’s ac-cession to NATO will demonstrate to other countries in the Balkans and be-yond that NATO’s door remains open to nations that undertake the reforms necessary to meet NATO’s require-ments and contribute to the security of the Alliance, and is yet another mile-stone in advancing the EuroAtlantic integration of the Balkans. I am pleased that, with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, and the ratifica-tions of this Protocol by our NATO al-lies, Montenegro can soon join us as a member of this great Alliance. I ask the Senate to continue working with me in advancing a Europe whole, free, and at peace by providing its prompt advice and consent to ratifica-tion for this Protocol of Accession. My Administration stands ready to brief and assist you in your deliberations. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 28, 2016. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3110 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I under-stand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3110) to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 516, S. Res. 517, S. Res. 518, S. Res. 519. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions. 
S. RES. 516 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, Senator C
ORKER and I have come to the floor having submitted a resolution honoring the life and achievements of Pat Summitt, the former University of Tennessee basketball coach who died this week. She coached for 38 years and became the winningest coach—man or woman—in Division I history. I had the privilege of going to the White House with Coach Summitt in April of 1989. I was president of the University of Tennessee at the time, and she had just won the national championship. President Bush, The first President Bush, recited the usual statistics about Pat Summitt’s re-markable coaching career. The Presi-dent said: ‘‘And in 13 years she brought Tennessee to the final four 10 times, winning it twice.’’ This was in 1989, a long time before she retired. ‘‘Later on we’re going down to that fountain over there that you all can see, to see if lit-erally she can walk on water.’’ That was what President Bush said of Pat Summitt. So when it came time for Coach Summitt to speak—the winningest bas-ketball coach in our country’s Division I history—this is what she said: Mr. President, we’re honored and delighted to be here. I am extremely proud of our aca-demic success. We have won two national championships in the last 3 years, but the most important statistic for our team and our program is the 100-percent graduation rate, of which we will hold our heads very proudly. 
Pat Summitt did everything by the book, and she made sure her players did as well. She had some of the most remarkable athletes in any program in the country. One of those is Candace Parker, who is still playing in profes-sional women’s basketball. If I remem-ber this right, there was finally a game when Candace got to play near her hometown in a Midwestern city. So the whole town turned out—all of her friends, all of her family. Everybody had come to see a young woman who was then the most celebrated women’s basketball player in the country. But Candace Parker had missed a curfew the night before by a few minutes, and so Pat Summitt sat her on the bench for the first half while her family, her friends, and everybody had come to see her play watched. Everyone understood that’s how Pat Summitt did things. She began her career when she was 22. She was paid $250 a month for that. She was a graduate student at the Uni-versity of Tennessee. For many, wom-en’s basketball consisted still of three women on one end of the court and three on the other. The NCAA didn’t even sponsor a national championship game at that time. Pat really invented many aspects of the women’s college game, and what she didn’t invent she taught to the rest of us. It will be hard for people outside Ten-nessee to appreciate how much she be-came a part of us. She literally taught us the game. She was so up-front and personal about it all. She introduced us to her players. She told us about their great abilities and successes. She told us about their failures and when they weren’t living up to their potential. She invited us to go into her locker room at halftime and listen to her fiery halftime speeches. She made time for every single person who touched her. There are countless stories about that. But the best wanted to play for Pat Summitt because she was the best. Tamika Catchings, still playing and retiring this year—one of the great players in women’s college basket-ball—was the women’s college basket-ball player of the year. She was in high school when Tennessee already had the best team and the best players, but Tamika wanted to go to Tennessee to play for Pat Summitt, to play with Chamique Holdsclaw because she want-ed to be a part of the best team. Tennesseans are very, very proud of Pat Summitt. We know that when the nation saw her, they might think a lit-tle better of us because she was one of us. She was a great friend, not just a friend of mine and our family, but thousands of Tennesseans. Today, we honor her life. We honor that she lived that life by the book, that she taught so many young women how to live their lives by the book, that she brought out the best in so many of them and inspired the rest of us to think a little bigger for ourselves. Four years ago at a young age, 60 years of age, suddenly she had Alz-heimer’s disease. She confronted that just as well, and set an example for the rest of us. So for Pat Summitt, this is a day to honor a woman of style, a woman of substance, a farm girl who grew up to be the winningest coach in the country and who by her example and by her life brought out the best in her players and set an example for the rest of us. Tennesseans are very, very proud of Pat Summitt. We know that when the Nation saw her, they might think a lit-tle better of us because she was one of us. She was a great friend—not just a friend of mine and our family but of thousands of Tennesseans. We honor her life. We honor that she lived her life by the book, that she taught so many young women how to live their lives by the book, that she brought out the best in so many of them and in-spired the rest of us to maybe think a little bigger for ourselves as well. Four years ago, at a young age— about 60, 59 years of age—suddenly she had Alzheimer’s disease. She con-fronted that, as well, and she set an ex-ample for the rest of us in fighting through that. For Pat Summitt, this is a day to honor a woman of style, a woman of substance, a farm girl who grew up to be the winningest college coach in the country and who, by her example and by her life, brought out the best in her players and set an ex-ample for the rest of us. I have joined Senator C
ORKER in sub-mitting this resolution, which the Sen-ate will adopt this evening. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am so glad to join the senior Senator from our State, who set such an example in the Senate in recognizing and honoring Pat Summitt. Basketball has lost a legend, and Tennessee has lost one of its own beloved daughters. There is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.055 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4752 June 29, 2016 
perhaps no one who left with a more in-delible mark on his or her profession than Pat. In her 38 years as head coach of the University of Tennessee Lady Volunteers, she amassed a historic record of achievement and blazed a trail for women across our country. A farm girl from Henrietta, TN, Pat attended the University of Tennessee at Martin, earning a bachelor’s degree and leading the women’s basketball team to two national championship tournaments. Shortly after graduating, she accepted a position at the Univer-sity of Tennessee in Knoxville as head coach of the women’s basketball team at 22 years old. The rest, they say, is history. In those early years, Pat washed the jerseys, drove the team van, and was paid $250 a month. Thirty-eight years later, she walked off the hardwood as the winningest NCAA Division I bas-ketball coach in history, with 1,098 vic-tories, 8 national championships, 32 combined Southeastern Conference ti-tles, and zero losing seasons. If you asked Pat, there was only one number that she would point to: 161—161 Lady Vols who had the honor of wearing the orange and white over the span of her career. As she once wrote, ‘‘I won 1,098 games, and eight national champion-ships, and coached in four different decades. But what I see are not the numbers. I see their faces.’’ Her influence on their lives was felt as much off the court as it was on it. Every player who completed her eligi-bility at the University of Tennessee under Pat Summitt graduated. That is remarkable—every single player in 38 years. Think about that. The impact she had on her players at the Univer-sity of Tennessee, the Knoxville com-munity, and the game of basketball will be felt for years to come. In closing, as we look back on Pat’s life, I will echo the words of my friend and former Tennessee football coach Phillip Fulmer, who said: ‘‘Coach Summitt did not want a pity party. She said, ‘If you’re going to have one, I’m not coming.’’’ Today, I join all Tennesseans in cele-brating her life—celebrating the vic-tories, the titles, the relationships, and celebrating a life well-lived and a fight hard fought. I extend my thoughts and prayers to her son Tyler, the Lady Vol family, and all those who were touched by her truly remarkable life. I yield the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I want to add my voice of sadness and re-gret for the loss of Pat Summitt. I ex-tend my deepest sympathy to her fam-ily, friends, and the entire Lady Vols community. Pat Summitt was a trail-blazer for all American women. I am honored to be a cosponsor of Senators A
LEXANDER and C ORKER ’s resolution recognizing Coach Summitt’s incred-ible and inspirational life. America lost a true champion this week. It was not just that Pat Summitt was a competitor. It was that she was the competitor. Pat won eight NCAA championships, had 18 Final Four appearances, and won 84 percent of her games—more wins than any other woman or man basketball coach in NCAA history. Like so many athletes, her love of basketball started when she was a young girl. Growing up in Tennessee, she was always playing basketball with her three older brothers in their fam-ily’s barn house. Rather than discour-age and end their daughter’s interest, her parents moved their family to a school district that actually had a girl’s high school basketball team. They showed how important support can be to a young girl with a dream. Her passion only grew and followed her to college at the University of Ten-nessee at Martin. But she went without an athletic scholarship because women weren’t offered them yet. Still, edu-cation had always been important in her family—she had never missed a day of school—and Pat graduated in 1974. Degree in hand, she was asked to be the assistant coach of Tennessee’s women’s team at the university’s flagship cam-pus in Knoxville. Then fate quickly took over, making her head coach the same year, at the age of 22. Pat never took the easy road—it was never offered. Her starting salary as coach was $250, and she also taught classes, recruited players, and drove the team van to every away game—all while studying for a graduate degree. But to her, it was worth it for the game. It was worth it to teach her players and prove to the doubters and naysayers just what her Lady Vols could accomplish. Pat was tough, there is no doubt about it. Her players recall her prac-tices with pride. They also remember the sore muscles and pure exhaustion. But Pat knew nothing in life came easy, let alone winning. Her determined outlook comes from her father, who used to remind her, ‘‘It’s not done till it’s done right.’’ Well, Pat certainly did something right. In 1976, her Lady Vols made it to the Final Four. At the same time, Pat overcame a knee injury to play for the U.S. Women’s Olympic basketball team and won a silver medal. Neither incredible finish satisfied her. She wasn’t done yet. Eight years later, she coached the U.S. Women’s Basketball Team and won the gold. Three years after that, she led Ten-nessee to a national championship—the first of the eight she would win. But Pat knew success had to come on and off the court. That was why she made all her players sit in the first three rows in every class. Unexcused absences were not allowed. Again, she got it right, as all of her players who finished athletic eligibility also grad-uated with a degree—more than 100 women athletes in total. Education was part of basketball, too. To Pat, the game wasn’t just a game. It was a way to learn life’s les-sons, to teach young women what they can accomplish with hard work, deter-mination, and belief in yourself While she was often a tough coach, she was always a source of encourage-ment. She once wrote to a player start-ing her first game, ‘‘Winning is fun, sure. But winning is not the point. Wanting to win is the point. Not giving up is the point. Never letting up is the point . . . The secret of the game is in doing your best. To persist and endure, ‘to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.’’’ Pat was a living legend that dedi-cated herself to the game and to the women who played the game. She was a fighter, an Olympian, a Medal of Freedom recipient, a mother to her son, Tyler, and an educator and role model to generations of young women. She faced stereotypes, skepticism, and hurdles. She persisted, she over-came, and she inspired others to do the same. We will all remember and miss Pat Summitt because she always did her best, she won, and she led so many oth-ers to victory with her. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolu-tions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s RECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AU-THORIZATION AND ENHANCE-MENT ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 517, S. 2829. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2829) to amend and enhance cer-tain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Maritime Administration Authorization and Enhancement Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION Sec. 101. Authorization of the maritime admin-istration. Sec. 102. Maritime Administration authoriza-tion request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:40 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.082 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4753 June 29, 2016 
TITLE II—PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT AND ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY Sec. 201. Actions to address sexual harassment and sexual assault at the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy. Sec. 202. Sexual assault response coordinators and sexual assault victim advo-cates. Sec. 203. Report from the Department of Trans-portation Inspector General. Sec. 204. Sexual assault prevention and re-sponse working group. TITLE III—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION ENHANCEMENT Sec. 301. Status of National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels. Sec. 302. Port infrastructure development. Sec. 303. Use of State academy training vessels. Sec. 304. State maritime academy physical standards and reporting. Sec. 305. Authority to extend certain age re-strictions relating to vessels par-ticipating in the maritime security fleet. Sec. 306. Appointments. Sec. 307. High-speed craft classification serv-ices. Sec. 308. Maritime workforce working group. Sec. 309. Vessel disposal program. Sec. 310. Maritime extreme weather task force. Sec. 311. Penalty wages. Sec. 312. Recourse for noncitizens. Sec. 313. Floating dry docks. TITLE IV—IMPLEMENTATION OF WORK-FORCE MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENTS Sec. 401. Workforce plans and onboarding poli-cies. Sec. 402. Drug and alcohol policy. Sec. 403. Vessel transfers. TITLE V—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS Sec. 501. Clarifying amendment; continuation boards. Sec. 502. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care. Sec. 503. Technical corrections to title 46, United States Code. Sec. 504. Coast Guard use of the Pribilof Is-lands. TITLE VI—POLAR ICEBREAKER FLEET RECAPITALIZATION TRANSPARENCY ACT Sec. 601. Short title. Sec. 602. Definitions. Sec. 603. Authority for polar icebreaker acquisi-tion. Sec. 604. Polar icebreaker recapitalization plan. Sec. 605. GAO report icebreaking capability in the United States. TITLE VII—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Findings; purpose. Sec. 703. Definitions. Sec. 704. Regulation and enforcement. Sec. 705. Uniform national standards and re-quirements for the regulation of discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. Sec. 706. Treatment technology certification. Sec. 707. Exemptions. Sec. 708. Alternative compliance program. Sec. 709. Judicial review. Sec. 710. Effect on State authority. Sec. 711. Application with other statutes. Sec. 712. Relationship to other laws. Sec. 713. Savings provision. TITLE VIII—NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND ASSAULT PREVEN-TION ACT Sec. 801. Short title. Subtitle A—Sexual Harassment and Assault Pre-vention at the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Sec. 811. Actions to address sexual harassment at National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. Sec. 812. Actions to address sexual assault at National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. Sec. 813. Rights of the victim of a sexual as-sault. Sec. 814. Change of station. Sec. 815. Applicability of policies to crews of vessels secured by National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administra-tion under contract. Sec. 816. Annual report on sexual assaults in the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration. Sec. 817. Definition. Subtitle B—Commissioned Officer Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration Sec. 820. References to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Com-missioned Officer Corps Act of 2002. PART I—G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  Sec. 821. Strength and distribution in grade. Sec. 822. Recalled officers. Sec. 823. Obligated service requirement. Sec. 824. Training and physical fitness. Sec. 825. Recruiting materials. Sec. 826. Charter vessel safety policy. Sec. 827. Technical correction. PART II—P
ARITY AND RECRUITMENT  Sec. 831. Education loans. Sec. 832. Interest payments. Sec. 833. Student pre-commissioning program. Sec. 834. Limitation on educational assistance. Sec. 835. Applicability of certain provisions of title 10, United States Code, and extension of certain authorities applicable to members of the Armed Forces to commissioned of-ficer corps. Sec. 836. Applicability of certain provisions of title 37, United States Code. Sec. 837. Legion of Merit award. Sec. 838. Prohibition on retaliatory personnel actions. Sec. 839. Penalties for wearing uniform without authority. Sec. 840. Application of certain provisions of competitive service law. Sec. 841. Employment and reemployment rights. Sec. 842. Treatment of commission in commis-sioned officer corps for purposes of certain hiring decisions. Sec. 843. Direct hire authority. PART III—A
PPOINTMENTS AND PROMOTION OF  O
FFICERS  Sec. 851. Appointments. Sec. 852. Personnel boards. Sec. 853. Delegation of authority. Sec. 854. Assistant Administrator of the Office of Marine and Aviation Oper-ations. Sec. 855. Temporary appointments. Sec. 856. Officer candidates. Sec. 857. Procurement of personnel. PART IV—S
EPARATION AND RETIREMENT OF  O
FFICERS  Sec. 861. Involuntary retirement or separation. Sec. 862. Separation pay. Subtitle C—Hydrographic Services Sec. 871. Reauthorization of Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. TITLE I—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME AD-MINISTRATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2017, to be available without fiscal year limita-tion if so provided in appropriations Acts, for programs associated with maintaining the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $99,902,000, of which— (A) $74,851,000 shall be for Academy oper-ations; and (B) $25,051,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $29,550,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the Student Incentive Pro-gram; (B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for direct payments to such academies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for training ship fuel assistance; and (E) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for expenses to improve the monitoring of the service obligations of graduates. (3) For expenses necessary to support the Na-tional Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program, $6,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and programs, $57,142,000. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $20,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,000,000, which shall remain available until expended for administrative ex-penses of the program. SEC. 102. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION AUTHOR-IZATION REQUEST. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) S
UBMISSION OF ANNUAL MARITIME AD-
MINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Con-gress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to sec-tion 1105 of title 31, the Maritime Administrator shall submit a Maritime Administration author-ization request with respect to such fiscal year to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) D
EFINED TERM .—In this subsection, the term ‘Maritime Administration authorization re-quest’ means a proposal for legislation that, with respect to the Maritime Administration for the relevant fiscal year— ‘‘(A) recommends authorizations of appropria-tions for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) addresses any other matter that the Mar-itime Administrator determines is appropriate for inclusion in a Maritime Administration au-thorization bill.’’. TITLE II—PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT AND ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY 
SEC. 201. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HARASS-MENT AND SEXUAL ASSAULT AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) P OLICY .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51318. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED POLICY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall direct the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy to prescribe a policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault applicable to the cadets and other personnel of the Academy. ‘‘(2) M
ATTERS TO BE SPECIFIED IN POLICY .— The policy on sexual harassment and sexual as-sault prescribed under this subsection shall in-clude— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4754 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(A) a program to promote awareness of the incidence of rape, acquaintance rape, and other sexual offenses of a criminal nature that involve cadets or other Academy personnel; ‘‘(B) procedures that a cadet should follow in the case of an occurrence of sexual harassment or sexual assault, including— ‘‘(i) specifying the person or persons to whom an alleged occurrence of sexual harassment or sexual assault should be reported by a cadet and the options for confidential reporting; ‘‘(ii) specifying any other person whom the victim should contact; and ‘‘(iii) procedures on the preservation of evi-dence potentially necessary for proof of criminal sexual assault; ‘‘(C) a procedure for disciplinary action in cases of alleged criminal sexual assault involv-ing a cadet or other Academy personnel; ‘‘(D) any other sanction authorized to be im-posed in a substantiated case of sexual harass-ment or sexual assault involving a cadet or other Academy personnel in rape, acquaintance rape, or any other criminal sexual offense, whether forcible or nonforcible; and ‘‘(E) required training on the policy for all ca-dets and other Academy personnel, including the specific training required for personnel who process allegations of sexual harassment or sex-ual assault involving Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the policy developed under this subsection is available to— ‘‘(A) all cadets and employees of the Academy; and ‘‘(B) the public. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In de- veloping the policy under this subsection, the Secretary may consult or receive assistance from such Federal, State, local, and national organi-zations and subject matter experts as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall ensure that the development pro-gram of the United States Merchant Marine Academy includes a section that— ‘‘(A) describes the relationship between honor, respect, and character development and the pre-vention of sexual harassment and sexual assault at the Academy; and ‘‘(B) includes a brief history of the problem of sexual harassment and sexual assault in the merchant marine, in the Armed Forces, and at the Academy; and ‘‘(C) includes information relating to report-ing sexual harassment and sexual assault, vic-tims’ rights, and dismissal for offenders. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING .—The Superintendent of the Academy shall ensure that all cadets receive the training described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) not later than 7 days after their initial arrival at the Academy; and ‘‘(B) biannually thereafter until they grad-uate or leave the Academy. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, in cooperation with the Superintendent of the Academy, shall conduct an assessment at the Academy during each Academy program year to determine the effectiveness of the poli-cies, procedures, and training of the Academy with respect to sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or other Academy per-sonnel. ‘‘(2) B
IENNIAL SURVEY .—For each assessment of the Academy under paragraph (1) during an Academy program year that begins in an odd- numbered calendar year, the Secretary shall conduct a survey of cadets and other Academy personnel— ‘‘(A) to measure— ‘‘(i) the incidence, during that program year, of sexual harassment and sexual assault events, on or off the Academy campus, that have been reported to officials of the Academy; and ‘‘(ii) the incidence, during that program year, of sexual harassment and sexual assault events, on or off the Academy campus, that have not been reported to officials of the Academy; and ‘‘(B) to assess the perceptions of cadets and other Academy personnel on— ‘‘(i) the policies, procedures, and training on sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or Academy personnel; ‘‘(ii) the enforcement of the policies described in clause (i); ‘‘(iii) the incidence of sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or Academy per-sonnel; and ‘‘(iv) any other issues relating to sexual har-assment and sexual assault involving cadets or Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) FOCUS GROUPS FOR YEARS WHEN SURVEY  
NOT REQUIRED .—In any year in which the Sec-retary of Transportation is not required to con-duct the survey described in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall conduct focus groups at the Academy for the purposes of ascertaining infor-mation relating to sexual assault and sexual harassment issues at the Academy. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Superintendent of the Academy shall submit a report to the Secretary of Transportation that provides information about sexual harassment and sexual assault in-volving cadets or other personnel at the Acad-emy for each Academy program year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the Academy program year covered by the report— ‘‘(A) the number of sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses involving cadets or other Academy personnel that have been re-ported to Academy officials; ‘‘(B) the number of the reported cases de-scribed in subparagraph (A) that have been sub-stantiated; ‘‘(C) the policies, procedures, and training im-plemented by the Superintendent and the lead-ership of the Academy in response to sexual harassment and sexual assault involving cadets or other Academy personnel; and ‘‘(D) a plan for the actions that will be taken in the following Academy program year regard-ing prevention of, and response to, sexual har-assment and sexual assault involving cadets or other Academy personnel. ‘‘(3) S
URVEY AND FOCUS GROUP RESULTS .— ‘‘(A) S
URVEY RESULTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) for an Academy program year that begins in an odd-numbered calendar year shall include the results of the survey conducted in that program year under subsection (c)(2). ‘‘(B) F
OCUS GROUP RESULTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) for an Academy program year in which the Secretary of Transportation is not required to conduct the survey described (c)(2) shall include the results of the focus group conducted in that program year under sub-section (c)(3). ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) B
Y THE SUPERINTENDENT .—For each inci-dent of sexual harassment or sexual assault re-ported to the Superintendent under this sub-section, the Superintendent shall provide the Secretary of Transportation and the Board of Visitors of the Academy with a report that in-cludes— ‘‘(i) the facts surrounding the incident, except for any details that would reveal the identities of the people involved; and ‘‘(ii) the Academy’s response to the incident. ‘‘(B) B
Y THE SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall submit a copy of each report received under sub-paragraph (A) and the Secretary’s comments on the report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘51318. Policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault.’’. SEC. 202. SEXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDI-NATORS AND SEXUAL ASSAULT VIC-TIM ADVOCATES. 
(a) C OORDINATORS AND ADVOCATES .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by section 201, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51319. Sexual assault response coordinators and sexual assault victim advocates ‘‘(a) S
EXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDINA -
TORS.—The United States Merchant Marine Academy shall employ or contract with at least 1 full-time sexual assault response coordinator who shall reside on or near the Academy. The Secretary of Transportation may assign addi-tional full-time or part-time sexual assault re-sponse coordinators at the Academy as may be necessary. ‘‘(b) V
OLUNTEER SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIM AD-
VOCATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, acting through the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, shall designate 1 or more permanent employees who volunteer to serve as advocates for victims of sexual assaults involving— ‘‘(A) cadets of the Academy; or ‘‘(B) individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Academy. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING ; OTHER DUTIES .—Each victim advocate designated under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) have or receive training in matters relat-ing to sexual assault and the comprehensive pol-icy developed under section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 201; and ‘‘(B) serve as a victim advocate voluntarily, in addition to the individual’s other duties as an employee of the Academy. ‘‘(3) P
RIMARY DUTIES .—While performing the duties of a victim advocate under this sub-section, a designated employee shall— ‘‘(A) support victims of sexual assault by in-forming them of the rights and resources avail-able to them as victims; ‘‘(B) identify additional resources to ensure the safety of victims of sexual assault; and ‘‘(C) connect victims of sexual assault to an Academy sexual assault response coordinator, or full-time or part-time victim advocate, who shall act as a companion in navigating investigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and re-covery processes relating to sexual assault. ‘‘(4) C
OMPANION .—At least 1 victim advocate designated under this subsection, while per-forming the duties of a victim advocate, shall act as a companion in navigating investigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and re-covery processes relating to sexual assault. ‘‘(5) H
OTLINE .—The Secretary shall establish a 24-hour hotline through which the victim of a sexual assault can receive victim support serv-ices. ‘‘(6) F
ORMAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER ENTI -
TIES.—The Secretary may enter into formal rela-tionships with other entities to make available additional victim advocates or to implement paragraphs (3), (4), and (5). ‘‘(7) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—Information disclosed by a victim to an advocate designated under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be treated by the advocate as con-fidential; and ‘‘(B) may not be disclosed by the advocate without the consent of the victim.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘51319. Sexual assault response coordinators and sexual assault victim advo-cates.’’. 
SEC. 203. REPORT FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2018, the Inspector General of the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4755 June 29, 2016 
Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes the effective-ness of the sexual harassment and sexual as-sault prevention and response program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) assess progress toward addressing any out-standing recommendations; (2) include any recommendations to reduce the number of sexual assaults involving members of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, whether a member is the victim, the alleged as-sailant, or both; (3) include any recommendations to improve the response of the Department of Transpor-tation and the United States Merchant Marine Academy to reports of sexual assaults involving members of the Academy, whether a members is the victim, the alleged assailant, or both. (c) E
XPERTISE .—In compiling the report re-quired under this section, the inspection teams acting under the direction of the Inspector Gen-eral shall— (1) include at least 1 member with expertise and knowledge of sexual assault prevention and response policies; or (2) consult with subject matter experts in the prevention of and response to sexual assaults. 
SEC. 204. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-SPONSE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Mari-time Administrator shall convene a working group to examine methods to improve the pre-vention of, and response to, any sexual harass-ment or sexual assault that occurs during a Ca-det’s Sea Year experience with the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall designate individuals to serve as members of the working group convened pursu-ant to subsection (a). Membership in the work-ing group shall consist of— (1) a representative of the Maritime Adminis-tration, which shall serve as chair of the work-ing group; (2) the Superintendent of the Academy, or designee; (3) the sexual assault response coordinator ap-pointed under section 51319 of title 46, United States Code; (4) a subject matter expert from the Coast Guard; (5) a subject matter expert from the Military Sealift Command; (6) at least 1 representative from each of the State maritime academies; (7) at least 1 representative from each private contracting party participating in the maritime security program; (8) at least 1 representative from each non-profit labor organization representing a class or craft of employees employed on vessels in the Maritime Security Fleet; (9) at least 2 representatives from approved maritime training institutions; and (10) at least 1 representative from companies that— (A) participate in sea training of Academy ca-dets; and (B) do not participate in the maritime security program. (c) N
OQUORUM REQUIREMENT .—The Maritime Administration may convene the working group without all members present. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall— (1) evaluate options that could promote a cli-mate of honor and respect, and a culture that is intolerant of sexual harassment and sexual as-sault and those who commit it, across the United States Flag Fleet; (2) raise awareness of the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy’s sexual assault preven-tion and response program across the United States Flag Fleet; (3) assess options that could be implemented by the United States Flag Fleet that would re-move any barriers to the reporting of sexual harassment and sexual assault response that occur during a Cadet’s Sea Year experience and protect the victim’s confidentiality; (4) assess a potential program or policy, appli-cable to all participants of the maritime security program, to improve the prevention of, and re-sponse to, sexual harassment and sexual assault incidents; (5) assess a potential program or policy, appli-cable to all vessels operating in the United States Flag Fleet that participate in the Mari-time Security Fleet under section 53101 of title 46, United States Code, which carry cargos to which chapter 531 of such title applies, or are chartered by a Federal agency, requiring crews to complete a sexual harassment and sexual as-sault prevention and response training program before the Cadet’s Sea Year that includes— (A) fostering a shipboard climate— (i) that does not tolerate sexual harassment and sexual assault; (ii) in which persons assigned to vessel crews are encouraged to intervene to prevent potential incidents of sexual harassment or sexual as-sault; and (iii) that encourages victims of sexual assault to report any incident of sexual harassment or sexual assault; and (B) understanding the needs of, and the re-sources available to, a victim after an incident of sexual harassment or sexual assault; (6) assess whether the United States Merchant Marine Academy should continue with sea year training on privately owned vessels or change its curricula to provide alternative training; and (7) assess how vessel operators could ensure the confidentiality of a report of sexual harass-ment or sexual assault in order to protect the victim and prevent retribution. (e) REPORT .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives that includes— (1) recommendations on each of the working group’s responsibilities described in subsection (d); (2) the trade-offs, opportunities, and chal-lenges associated with the recommendations made in paragraph (1); and (3) any other information the working group determines appropriate. TITLE III—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION ENHANCEMENT 
SEC. 301. STATUS OF NATIONAL DEFENSE RE-SERVE FLEET VESSELS. 
Section 4405 of title 50, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Vessels in the National Defense Re-serve Fleet, including vessels loaned to State maritime academies, shall be considered public vessels of the United States.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL STATUS .—Ships or other watercraft in the National Defense Reserve Fleet determined by the Maritime Administra-tion to be of insufficient value to remain in the National Defense Reserve Fleet— ‘‘(1) shall remain vessels (as defined in section 3 of title 1); and ‘‘(2) shall remain subject to the rights and re-sponsibilities of a vessel under admiralty law until such time as the vessel is delivered to a dis-mantling facility or is otherwise disposed of from the National Defense Reserve Fleet.’’. 
SEC. 302. PORT INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 50302(c)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are authorized’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—There are authorized’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Except as otherwise provided by law, the Administrator may use not more than 3 percent of the amounts appropriated to carry out this section for the administrative expenses of the program.’’. 
SEC. 303. USE OF STATE ACADEMY TRAINING VES-SELS. 
Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL SHARING .—The Secretary, after consulting with the affected State maritime academies, may implement a program requiring a State maritime academy to share its training vessel with another State maritime academy if the vessel of another State maritime academy— ‘‘(1) is being used during a humanitarian as-sistance or disaster response activity; ‘‘(2) is incapable of being maintained in good repair as required under section 51504(c) of title 46, United States Code; ‘‘(3) requires maintenance or repair for an ex-tended period; ‘‘(4) is activated as a National Defense Re-serve Fleet vessel pursuant to section 4405 of title 50, United States Code; ‘‘(5) loses its Coast Guard Certificate of In-spection or its classification; or ‘‘(6) does not comply with applicable environ-mental regulations.’’. 
SEC. 304. STATE MARITIME ACADEMY PHYSICAL STANDARDS AND REPORTING. 
Section 51506 of title 46, United States Code, is amended– (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) agree that any individual enrolled at such State maritime academy in a merchant ma-rine officer preparation program— ‘‘(A) shall, not later than 9 months after each such individual’s date of enrollment, pass an ex-amination in form and substance satisfactory to the Secretary that demonstrates that such indi-vidual meets the medical and physical require-ments— ‘‘(i) required for the issuance of an original li-cense under section 7101; or ‘‘(ii) set by the Coast Guard for issuing mer-chant mariners’ documentation under section 7302, with no limit to his or her operational au-thority; ‘‘(B) following passage of the examination under subparagraph (A), shall continue to meet the requirements or standards described in sub-paragraph (A) throughout the remainder of their respective enrollments at the State mari-time academy; and ‘‘(C) if the individual has a medical or phys-ical condition that disqualifies him or her from meeting the requirements or standards referred to in subparagraph (A), shall be transferred to a program other than a merchant marine officer preparation program, or otherwise appropriately disenrolled from such State maritime academy, until the individual demonstrates to the Sec-retary that the individual meets such require-ments or standards.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
ECRETARIAL WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary is authorized to modify or waive any of the terms set forth in subsection (a)(4) with respect to any individual or State maritime academy.’’. 
SEC. 305. AUTHORITY TO EXTEND CERTAIN AGE RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO VES-SELS PARTICIPATING IN THE MARI-TIME SECURITY FLEET. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4756 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(g) A UTHORITY FOR EXTENSION OF MAXIMUM  S
ERVICE AGE FOR A PARTICIPATING FLEET VES-
SEL.—The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of Transportation, may ex-tend the maximum age restrictions under sec-tions 53101(5)(A)(ii) and 53106(c)(3) for a par-ticular participating fleet vessel for up to 5 years if the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Transportation jointly determine that such extension is in the national interest.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF UNNECESSARY AGELIMITA -
TION.—Section 53106(c)(3) of such title is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or (C);’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 306. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51303 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘40’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’. (b) C
LASS PROFILE .—Not later than August 31 of each year, the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy shall post on the Academy’s public website a summary profile of each class at the Academy. (c) C
ONTENTS .—Each summary profile posted under subsection (b) shall include, for the in-coming class and for the 4 classes that precede the incoming class, the number and percentage of students— (1) by State; (2) by country; (3) by gender; (4) by race and ethnicity; and (5) with prior military service. 
SEC. 307. HIGH-SPEED CRAFT CLASSIFICATION SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3316(a) of title 46, United States Code, the Sec-retary of the Navy may use the services of an approved classification society for only a high- speed craft that— (1) was acquired by the Secretary from the Maritime Administration; (2) is not a high-speed naval combatant, pa-trol vessel, expeditionary vessel, or other special purpose military or law enforcement vessel; (3) is operated for commercial purposes; (4) is not operated or crewed by any depart-ment, agency, instrumentality, or employee of the United States Government; (5) is not directly engaged in any mission or other operation for or on behalf of any depart-ment, agency, instrumentality, or employee of the United States Government; and (6) is not primarily designed to carry freight owned, leased, used, or contracted for or by the United States Government. (b) D
EFINITION OF APPROVED CLASSIFICATION  S
OCIETY .—In this section, the term ‘‘approved classification society’’ means a classification so-ciety that has been approved by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating under section 3316(c) of title 46, United States Code. (c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect the requirements under section 3316 of title 46, United States Code, for a high-speed craft that does not meet the conditions under paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 308. MARITIME WORKFORCE WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall convene a work-ing group to examine and assess the size of the pool of citizen mariners necessary to support the United States Flag Fleet in times of national emergency. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall designate individuals to serve as members of the working group convened under subsection (a). The working group shall include, at a minimum, the following members: (1) At least 1 representative of the Maritime Administration, who shall serve as chairperson of the working group. (2) At least 1 subject matter expert from the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (3) At least 1 subject matter expert from the Coast Guard. (4) At least 1 subject matter expert from the Military Sealift Command. (5) 1 subject matter expert from each of the State maritime academies. (6) At least 1 representative from each non-profit labor organization representing a class or craft of employees (licensed or unlicensed) who are employed on vessels operating in the United States Flag Fleet. (7) At least 4 representatives of owners of ves-sels operating the in United States Flag Fleet, or their private contracting parties, which are pri-marily operating in non-contiguous or coastwise trades. (8) At least 4 representatives of owners of ves-sels operating the in United States Flag Fleet, or their private contracting parties, which are pri-marily operating in international transpor-tation. (c) NOQUORUM REQUIREMENT .—The Maritime Administration may convene the working group without all members present. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall— (1) identify the number of United States cit-izen mariners— (A) in total; (B) that have a valid United States Coast Guard merchant mariner credential with the necessary endorsements for service on unlimited tonnage vessels subject to the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certifi-cation and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978, as amended; (C) that are involved in Federal programs that support the United States Merchant Marine and United States Flag Fleet; (D) that are available to crew the United States Flag Fleet and the surge sealift fleet in times of a national emergency; (E) that are full-time mariners; (F) that have sailed in the prior 18 months; and (G) that are primarily operating in non-con-tiguous or coastwise trades; (2) assess the impact on the United States Merchant Marine and United States Merchant Marine Academy if graduates from State mari-time academies and the United States Merchant Marine Academy were assigned to, or required to fulfill, certain maritime positions based on the overall needs of the United States Merchant Marine; (3) assess the Coast Guard Merchant Mariner Licensing and Documentation System, which tracks merchant mariner credentials and med-ical certificates, and its accessibility and value to the Maritime Administration for the purposes of evaluating the pool of United States citizen mariners; and (4) make recommendations to enhance the availability and quality of interagency data, in-cluding data from the United States Transpor-tation Command, the Coast Guard, and the Bu-reau of Transportation Statistics, for use by the Maritime Administration for evaluating the pool of United States citizen mariners. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the study conducted under this section, includ-ing— (1) the number of United States citizen mari-ners identified for each category described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of subsection (d)(1); (2) the results of the assessments conducted under paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (d); and (3) the recommendations made under sub-section (d)(4). SEC. 309. VESSEL DISPOSAL PROGRAM. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than January 1 of each year, the Administrator of the Mari-time Administration shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the management of the vessel disposal program of the Maritime Administration. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the total amount of funds credited in the prior fiscal year to— (A) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund es-tablished by section 50301(a) of title 46, United States Code; and (B) any other account attributable to the ves-sel disposal program of the Maritime Adminis-tration; (2) the balance of funds available at the end of that fiscal year in— (A) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; and (B) any other account described in paragraph (1)(B); (3) in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, the total number of— (A) grant applications under the National Maritime Heritage Grants Program in the prior fiscal year; and (B) the applications under subparagraph (A) that were approved by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, acting through the National Maritime Ini-tiative of the National Park Service; (4) a detailed description of each project fund-ed under the National Maritime Heritage Grants Program in the prior fiscal year for which funds from the Vessel Operations Revolving Funds were obligated, including the information de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 308703(j) of title 54, United States Code; and (5) a detailed description of the funds credited to and distributions from the Vessel Operations Revolving Funds in the prior fiscal year. (c) A
SSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and bienni-ally thereafter, the Administrator shall assess the vessel disposal program of the Maritime Ad-ministration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment under para-graph (1) shall include— (A) an inventory of each vessel, subject to a disposal agreement, for which the Maritime Ad-ministration acts as the disposal agent, includ-ing— (i) the age of the vessel; and (ii) the name of the Federal agency with which the Maritime Administration has entered into a disposal agreement; (B) a description of each vessel of a Federal agency that may meet the criteria for the Mari-time Administration to act as the disposal agent, including— (i) the age of the vessel; and (ii) the name of the applicable Federal agen-cy; (C) the Maritime Administration’s plan to serve as the disposal agent, as appropriate, for the vessels described in subparagraph (B); and (D) any other information related to the vessel disposal program that the Administrator deter-mines appropriate. (d) C
ESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This sec- tion ceases to be effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 310. MARITIME EXTREME WEATHER TASK FORCE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE.—Not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a task force to analyze the impact of extreme weather events, such as in the maritime environment (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Task Force’’). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4757 June 29, 2016 
(b) M EMBERSHIP .—The Task Force shall be composed of— (1) the Secretary or the Secretary’s designee; and (2) a representative of— (A) the Coast Guard; (B) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Federal Maritime Commission; and (D) such other Federal agency or independent commission as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (4), not later than 180 days after the date it is established under subsection (a), the Task Force shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the analysis under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an identification of available weather pre-diction, monitoring, and routing technology re-sources; (B) an identification of industry best practices relating to response to, and prevention of ma-rine casualties from, extreme weather events; (C) a description of how the resources de-scribed in subparagraph (A) are used in the var-ious maritime sectors, including by passenger and cargo vessels; (D) recommendations for improving maritime response operations to extreme weather events and preventing marine casualties from extreme weather events, such as promoting the use of risk communications and the technologies iden-tified under subparagraph (A); and (E) recommendations for any legislative or regulatory actions for improving maritime re-sponse operations to extreme weather events and preventing marine casualties from extreme weather events. (3) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make the report under paragraph (1) and any notifi-cation under paragraph (4) publicly accessible in an electronic format. (4) I
MMINENT THREATS .—The Task Force shall immediately notify the Secretary of any finding or recommendations that could protect the safe-ty of an individual on a vessel from an imminent threat of extreme weather. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out this sec-tion. 
SEC. 311. PENALTY WAGES. 
(a) F OREIGN AND INTERCOASTAL VOYAGES .— Section 10313(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘the seaman’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and in-serting ‘‘by the seaman’’. (b) C
OASTWISE VOYAGES .—Section 10504(c) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘all claims in a class action suit by seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘each claim by a seaman’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the seamen’’ and inserting ‘‘the seaman’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘class action’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, by a seaman who is a claimant in the suit,’’ and in-serting ‘‘by the seaman’’. 
SEC. 312. RECOURSE FOR NONCITIZENS. 
Section 30104 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—’’ before the first sentence; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON RECOVERY FOR NON-
RESIDENT ALIENS EMPLOYED ON FOREIGN PAS-
SENGER VESSELS .—A claim for damages or ex-penses relating to personal injury, illness, or death of a seaman who is a citizen of a foreign nation, arising during or from the engagement of the seaman by or for a passenger vessel duly registered under the laws of a foreign nation, may not be brought under the laws of the United States if— ‘‘(1) such seaman was not a permanent resi-dent alien of the United States at the time the claim arose; ‘‘(2) the injury, illness, or death arose outside the territorial waters of the United States; and ‘‘(3) the seaman or the seaman’s personal rep-resentative has or had a right to seek compensa-tion for the injury, illness, or death in, or under the laws of— ‘‘(A) the nation in which the vessel was reg-istered at the time the claim arose; or ‘‘(B) the nation in which the seaman main-tained citizenship or residency at the time the claim arose. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION DEFINED .—As used in subsection (b), the term ‘compensation’ means— ‘‘(1) a statutory workers’ compensation rem-edy that complies with Standard A4.2 of Regula-tion 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Convention, 2006; or ‘‘(2) in the absence of the remedy described in paragraph (1), a legal remedy that complies with Standard A4.2 of Regulation 4.2 of the Maritime Labour Convention, 2006, that permits recovery for lost wages, pain and suffering, and future medical expenses.’’. 
SEC. 313. FLOATING DRY DOCKS. 
Section 55122(a)(1)(C) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the date of the enactment of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 19, 2017’’. TITLE IV—IMPLEMENTATION OF WORK-FORCE MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 401. WORKFORCE PLANS AND ONBOARDING POLICIES. 
(a) W ORKFORCE PLANS.—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall review the Maritime Administration’s workforce plans, including its Strategic Human Capital Plan and Leadership Succession Plan, and fully imple-ment competency models for mission–critical oc-cupations, including— (1) leadership positions; (2) human resources positions; and (3) transportation specialist positions. (b) O
NBOARDING POLICIES .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) review the Maritime Administration’s poli-cies related to new hire orientation, training, and misconduct policies; (2) align the onboarding policies and proce-dures at headquarters and the field offices to ensure consistent implementation and provision of critical information across the Maritime Ad-ministration; and (3) update the Maritime Administration’s training policies and training systems to include controls that ensure that all completed training is tracked in a standardized training repository. (c) O
NBOARDING POLICIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes the Maritime Administration’s compliance with the require-ments under this section. 
SEC. 402. DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Mari-time Administrator shall— (1) review the Maritime Administration’s drug and alcohol policies, procedures, and training practices; (2) ensure that all fleet managers have re-ceived training on the Department of Transpor-tation’s drug and alcohol policy, including the testing procedures used by the Department and the Maritime Administration in cases of reason-able suspicion; and (3) institute a system for tracking all drug and alcohol policy training conducted under para-graph (2) in a standardized training repository. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes the Maritime Administra-tion’s compliance with the requirements under this section. 
SEC. 403. VESSEL TRANSFERS. 
Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Adminis-trator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes the policies and procedures for vessel transfer, including— (1) a summary of the actions taken to update the Vessel Transfer Office procedures manual to reflect the current range of program responsibil-ities and processes; and (2) a copy of the updated Vessel Transfer Of-fice procedures to process vessel transfer appli-cations. TITLE V—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 501. CLARIFYING AMENDMENT; CONTINU-ATION BOARDS. 
Section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five officers serving in the grade of vice admiral’’ and inserting ‘‘5 offi-cers (other than the Commandant) serving in the grade of admiral or vice admiral’’. 
SEC. 502. PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT OF FUNDS NEC-ESSARY TO PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 520. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care ‘‘(a) P
ROSPECTIVE PAYMENT REQUIRED .—In lieu of the reimbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall make a prospective payment to the Secretary of Defense of an amount that rep-resents the actuarial valuation of treatment or care— ‘‘(1) that the Department of Defense shall pro-vide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and dependents of such members and former members (other than former members and dependents of former mem-bers who are a Medicare-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military depart-ment; and ‘‘(2) for which a reimbursement would other-wise be made under such section 1085. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the prospective payment under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall be derived from amounts appro-priated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard for treatment or care provided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; ‘‘(2) shall be derived from amounts appro-priated for retired pay for treatment or care pro-vided to former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; ‘‘(3) shall be determined under procedures es-tablished by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(4) shall be paid during the fiscal year in which treatment or care is provided; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4758 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(5) shall be subject to adjustment or rec-onciliation, as the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and the Secretary of Defense jointly deter-mine appropriate, during or promptly after such fiscal year if the prospective payment is deter-mined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. ‘‘(c) N
OPROSPECTIVE PAYMENT WHENSERVICE  
INNAVY.—No prospective payment shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. ‘‘(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-tion shall not be construed to require a payment for, or the prospective payment of an amount that represents the value of, treatment or care provided under any TRICARE program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘520. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act, are re-pealed. 
SEC. 503. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 46, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 4503(f)(2), by striking ‘‘that’’ after ‘‘necessary,’’; and (2) in section 7510(c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘engine’’ and inserting ‘‘engineer’’; and (B) in paragraph (9), by inserting a period after ‘‘App’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–120). 
SEC. 504. COAST GUARD USE OF THE PRIBILOF IS-LANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 522(a)(1) of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2015 (subtitle B of title V of Public Law 114–120) is amended by striking ‘‘Lots’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 30 days after the date of the en-actment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, lots’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Maritime Adminis-tration Authorization and Enhancement Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit a report to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— (1) the Coast Guard’s use of Tracts 43 and 39, located on St. Paul Island, Alaska, since oper-ation of the LORAN-C system was terminated; (2) the Coast Guard’s plans for using the tracts described in paragraph (1) during fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018; and (3) the Coast Guard’s plans for using the tracts described in paragraph (1) and other fa-cilities on St. Paul Island after fiscal year 2018. TITLE VI—POLAR ICEBREAKER FLEET RECAPITALIZATION TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Polar Ice-breaker Fleet Recapitalization Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 602. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise specifi-cally provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. SEC. 603. AUTHORITY FOR POLAR ICEBREAKER ACQUISITION. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out design and construction activities for the acquisition of new heavy polar ice-breakers. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary is authorized to enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associ-ated with the activities described in subsection (a), including procurement of systems and equipment. (c) I
NTERAGENCY FINANCING .—The Secretary is authorized to participate in interagency financ-ing, including receiving appropriated funds from other agencies or departments of the United States, to carry out this section. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 under section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, $150,000,000 are authorized to be available to the Secretary to carry out this section. 
SEC. 604. POLAR ICEBREAKER RECAPITALIZA-TION PLAN. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress, a detailed recapitalization plan to meet the 2013 Department of Homeland Security Mission Need Statement. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall— (1) detail the number of heavy and medium polar icebreakers required to meet Coast Guard statutory missions in the polar regions; (2) identify the vessel specifications, capabili-ties, systems, equipment, and other details re-quired for the design of heavy polar icebreakers capable of fulfilling the mission requirements of the Coast Guard and the Navy, and the require-ments of other agencies and department of the United States, as the Secretary determines ap-propriate; (3) list the specific appropriations required for the acquisition of each icebreaker, for each fis-cal year, until the full fleet is recapitalized; (4) describe the potential savings of serial ac-quisition for new polar class icebreakers, includ-ing specific schedule and acquisition require-ments needed to realize such savings; (5) describe any polar icebreaking capacity gaps that may arise based on the current fleet and current procurement outlook; and (6) describe any additional polar icebreaking capability gaps due to any further delay in pro-curement schedules. 
SEC. 605. GAO REPORT ICEBREAKING CAPABILITY IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the current state of the United States Federal polar icebreaking fleet. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the icebreaking assets in op-eration in the United States and a description of the missions completed by such assets; (2) an analysis of how such assets and the ca-pabilities of such assets are consistent, or incon-sistent, with the polar icebreaking mission re-quirements described in the 2013 Department of Homeland Security Mission Need Statement, the Naval Operations Concept 2010, or other mili-tary and civilian governmental missions in the United States; (3) an analysis of the gaps in icebreaking ca-pability of the United States based on the ex-pected service life of the fleet of United States icebreaking assets; (4) a list of countries that are allies of the United States that have the icebreaking capac-ity to exercise missions in the Arctic during any identified gap in United States icebreaking ca-pacity in a polar region; and (5) a description of the policy, financial, and other barriers that have prevented timely recapi-talization of the Coast Guard polar icebreaking fleet and recommendations to overcome such barriers, including potential international fee- based models used to compensate governments for icebreaking escorts or maintenance of mari-time routes. TITLE VII—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. 702. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since the enactment of the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (22 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980, the United States Coast Guard has been the principal Federal authority charged with administering, enforcing, and prescribing regu-lations relating to the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. (2) The Coast Guard estimates there are ap-proximately 12,000,000 State-registered rec-reational vessels, 75,000 commercial fishing ves-sels, and 33,000 freight and tank barges oper-ating in United States waters. (3) From 1973 to 2005, certain discharges inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel were exempted by regulation from otherwise applica-ble permitting requirements. (4) During the 32 years during which this reg-ulatory exemption was in effect, Congress en-acted several statutes to deal with the regula-tion of discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel, including— (A) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980; (B) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Pre-vention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (C) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (110 Stat. 4073); (D) section 415 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 1998 (112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note), which established interim and permanent require-ments, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo residue; (E) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (114 Stat. 2763), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (F) section 204 of the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which es-tablished requirements for the regulation of ves-sel discharges of agricultural cargo residue ma-terial in the form of hold washings; (G) title X of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which pro-vided for the implementation of the Inter-national Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001; and (H) the amendment made by section 2 of the Clean Boating Act of 2008 adding subsection (r) to section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342(r)), which exempts recreational vessels from National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit require-ments. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this title is to provide for the establishment of nationally uni-form and environmentally sound standards and requirements for the management of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
SEC. 703. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4759 June 29, 2016 
(2) A QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a nonindige-nous species (including a pathogen) that threat-ens the diversity or abundance of native species or the ecological stability of navigable waters or commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or rec-reational activities dependent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and water-suspended matter taken aboard a vessel— (i) to control or maintain trim, list, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast water treatment tech-nology of the vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any substance that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is not directly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water treatment technology under this title. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations or section 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, as ap-plicable, or a revised numerical ballast water discharge standard established under subsection (a)(1)(B), (b), or (c) of section 705. (5) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ; 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .—The terms ‘‘ballast water management system’’ and ‘‘management sys-tem’’ mean any system, including all ballast water treatment equipment and associated con-trol and monitoring equipment, used to process ballast water to kill, remove, render harmless, or avoid the uptake or discharge of organisms. (6) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism, including a virus or fun-gus, that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water management system to reduce or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water dis-charge standard under this title. (7) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OP -
ERATION OF A VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I)(aa) ballast water, graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator effluent, anti- fouling hull coating leachate, boiler or econo-mizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic pro-tection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, distillation and reverse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system ef-fluent, freshwater layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gasoline and compensating effluent, refrigeration and air condensate efflu-ent, seawater pumping biofouling prevention substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome effluent, exhaust gas scrubber washwater, or stern tube packing gland effluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, ship-board maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protec-tive, preservative, or absorptive application to the hull of a vessel; (II) weather deck runoff, deck wash, aqueous film forming foam effluent, chain locker efflu-ent, non-oily machinery wastewater, under-water ship husbandry effluent, welldeck efflu-ent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly functioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navigable waters in connection with the testing, mainte-nance, or repair of a system, equipment, or en-gine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) whenever the vessel is waterborne. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ does not include— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged overboard; (II) oil or a hazardous substance as those terms are defined in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); (III) sewage as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); or (IV) graywater referred to in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); (ii) an emission of an air pollutant resulting from the operation onboard a vessel of a vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or incinerator; or (iii) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel when the vessel is operating in a capacity other than as a means of transportation on water. (8) GEOGRAPHICALLY LIMITED AREA .—The term ‘‘geographically limited area’’ means an area— (A) with a physical limitation, including limi-tation by physical size and limitation by author-ized route such as the Great Lakes and St. Law-rence River, that prevents a vessel from oper-ating outside the area, as determined by the Secretary; or (B) that is ecologically homogeneous, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments or agencies as the Secretary considers appropriate. (9) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘manufac-turer’’ means a person engaged in the manufac-ture, assemblage, or importation of ballast water treatment technology. (10) N
AVIGABLE WATERS .—The term ‘‘navi-gable waters’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2.36 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (11) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (12) V
ESSEL .—The term ‘‘vessel’’ means every description of watercraft or other artificial con-trivance used, or practically or otherwise capa-ble of being used, as a means of transportation on water. 
SEC. 704. REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall estab-lish, implement, and enforce uniform national standards and requirements for the regulation of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. (2) B
ASIS.—Except as provided under para-graph (3), the standards and requirements es-tablished under paragraph (1)— (A) with respect to ballast water, shall be based upon the best available technology that is economically achievable; (B) with respect to discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water, shall be based on best management practices (including practices, limitations, or concentrations); and (C) shall supersede any permitting require-ment or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under any other provision of law. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The standards and requirements established under paragraph (1) shall not supersede regulations, in place on the date of the enactment of this Act or estab-lished by a rulemaking proceeding after such date of enactment, which cover a discharge in a national marine sanctuary or in a marine na-tional monument. (b) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall administer and enforce the uni-form national standards and requirements under this title. Each State may enforce the uni-form national standards and requirements under this title. (c) SANCTIONS .— (1) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— (A) B
ALLAST WATER .—Any person who vio-lates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel of ballast water shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to ex-ceed $25,000. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a separate violation. (B) O
THER DISCHARGE .—Any person who vio-lates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $10,000. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a separate violation. (C) I
N REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of a regulation issued under this title shall be liable in rem for any civil penalty as-sessed under this subsection for that violation. (2) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .— (A) B
ALLAST WATER .—Any person who know-ingly violates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel of ballast water shall be punished by a fine of not more than $100,000, imprisonment for not more than 2 years, or both. (B) O
THER DISCHARGE .—Any person who knowingly violates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water shall be punished by a fine of not more than $50,000, imprisonment for not more than 1 year, or both. (3) R
EVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec- retary is authorized to withhold or revoke the clearance of a vessel required under section 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in violation of a regulation issued pursuant to this Act. (4) E
XCEPTION TO SANCTIONS .—It shall be an affirmative defense to any charge of a violation of this title that compliance with this title would, because of adverse weather, equipment failure, or any other relevant condition, have threatened the safety or stability of a vessel, its crew, or its passengers. 
SEC. 705. UNIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE REGULA-TION OF DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPERATION OF A VESSEL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— (1) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the requirements set forth in the final rule, Standards for Living Organisms in Ships’ Ballast Water Discharged in U.S. Waters (77 Fed. Reg. 17254 (March 23, 2012), as corrected at 77 Fed. Reg. 33969 (June 8, 2012)), shall be the management requirements for a bal-last water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel until the Secretary revises the ballast water discharge standard under sub-section (b) or adopts a more stringent standard under subparagraph (B). (B) A
DOPTION OF MORE STRINGENT STAND -
ARD.—If the Secretary makes a determination in favor of a State petition under section 610, the Secretary shall adopt the more stringent ballast water discharge standard specified in the stat-ute or regulation that is the subject of that State petition instead of the ballast water discharge standard in the final rule described under sub-paragraph (A). (2) I
NITIAL MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR  
DISCHARGES OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule estab-lishing best management practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD ; 8-Y EARREVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the feasibility re-view under paragraph (2), not later than Janu-ary 1, 2024, the Secretary, in consultation with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4760 June 29, 2016 
the Administrator, shall issue a final rule revis-ing the ballast water discharge standard under subsection (a)(1) so that a ballast water dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel will contain— (A) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered harmless per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum di-mension; (B) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered harmless per 10 milliliters that is less than 50 micrometers in minimum dimen-sion and more than 10 micrometers in minimum dimension; (C) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (i) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milli-liters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (ii) 126 colony-forming units of Escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (iii) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (D) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be speci-fied in regulations issued by the Secretary in consultation with the Administrator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator consider appropriate. (2) F
EASIBILITY REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than 2 years before January 1, 2024, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall complete a review to determine the feasibility of achieving the re-vised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1). (B) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER  
DISCHARGE STANDARD .—In conducting a review under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider whether revising the ballast water dis-charge standard will result in a scientifically demonstrable and substantial reduction in the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species, taking into account— (i) improvements in the scientific under-standing of biological and ecological processes that lead to the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) improvements in ballast water manage-ment systems, including— (I) the capability of such management systems to achieve a revised ballast water discharge standard; (II) the effectiveness and reliability of such management systems in the shipboard environ-ment; (III) the compatibility of such management systems with the design and operation of a ves-sel by class, type, and size; (IV) the commercial availability of such man-agement systems; and (V) the safety of such management systems; (iii) improvements in the capabilities to detect, quantify, and assess the viability of aquatic nuisance species at the concentrations under consideration; (iv) the impact of ballast water management systems on water quality; and (v) the costs, cost-effectiveness, and impacts of— (I) a revised ballast water discharge standard, including the potential impacts on shipping, trade, and other uses of the aquatic environ-ment; and (II) maintaining the existing ballast water dis-charge standard, including the potential im-pacts on water-related infrastructure, recre-ation, propagation of native fish, shellfish, and wildlife, and other uses of navigable waters. (C) L
OWER REVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, determines on the basis of the feasibility review and after an op-portunity for a public hearing that no ballast water management system can be certified under section 706 to comply with the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall require the use of the man-agement system that achieves the performance levels of the best available technology that is economically achievable. (ii) IMPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that the management system under clause (i) cannot be implemented before the im-plementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of vessels, the Secretary shall extend the implementation deadline for that class of vessels for not more than 36 months. (iii) C
OMPLIANCE .—If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is extended, the Secretary shall recommend action to ensure compliance with the extended implementation deadline under clause (ii). (D) H
IGHER REVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, determines that a ballast water management system exists that ex-ceeds the revised ballast water discharge stand-ard under paragraph (1) with respect to a class of vessels and is the best available technology that is economically achievable, the Secretary shall revise the ballast water discharge standard for that class of vessels to incorporate the higher discharge standard. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that the management system under clause (i) can be implemented before the imple-mentation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of vessels, the Secretary shall accelerate the implementation deadline for that class of vessels. If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is accelerated, the Sec-retary shall provide not less than 24 months no-tice before the accelerated deadline takes effect. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—The revised ballast water discharge standard under para-graph (1) shall apply to a vessel beginning on the date of the first drydocking of the vessel on or after January 1, 2024, but not later than De-cember 31, 2026. (4) R
EVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD COMPLIANCE  
DEADLINES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may establish a compliance deadline for compliance by a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel) with a revised ballast water discharge standard under this sub-section. (B) P
ROCESS FOR GRANTING EXTENSIONS .—In issuing regulations under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish a process for an owner or operator to submit a petition to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline with respect to the vessel of the owner or operator. (C) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension issued under subparagraph (B) may be for a pe-riod of not to exceed 18 months from the date of the applicable deadline under subparagraph (A) and may be renewed for additional periods of not to exceed 18 months each, except that the total period of extension may not exceed 5 years. (D) F
ACTORS .—In issuing a compliance dead-line or reviewing a petition under this para-graph, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline, the following factors: (i) Whether the management system to be in-stalled is available in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline. (ii) Whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity. (iii) Whether there is sufficient availability of engineering and design resources. (iv) Vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of installed piping. (v) Electric power generating capacity aboard the vessel. (vi) Safety of the vessel and crew. (vii) Any other factors the Secretary considers appropriate, including the availability of a bal-last water reception facility or other means of managing ballast water. (E) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .— (i) DETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall ap-prove or deny a petition for an extension of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this paragraph. (ii) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not ap-prove or deny a petition referred to in clause (i) on or before the last day of the 90-day period be-ginning on the date of submission of the peti-tion, the petition shall be deemed approved. (c) F
UTURE REVISIONS OF VESSEL INCIDENTAL  D
ISCHARGE STANDARDS ; DECENNIAL REVIEWS .— (1) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STAND -
ARDS.—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall complete a review, 10 years after the issuance of a final rule under sub-section (b) and every 10 years thereafter, to de-termine whether further revision of the ballast water discharge standard would result in a sci-entifically demonstrable and substantial reduc-tion in the risk of the introduction or establish-ment of aquatic nuisance species. (2) R
EVISED STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES  
OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may in-clude in a decennial review under this sub-section best management practices for dis-charges (including practices, limitations, or con-centrations) covered by subsection (a)(2). The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise 1 or more best management practices for such dis-charges after a decennial review if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that revising 1 or more of such prac-tices would substantially reduce the impacts on navigable waters of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water. (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a review under paragraph (1), the Secretary, the Admin-istrator, and the heads of other Federal agencies as the Secretary considers appropriate, shall consider the criteria under section 705(b)(2)(B). (4) R
EVISION AFTER DECENNIAL REVIEW .—The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise the current ballast water discharge standard after a decennial review if the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, determines that revising the current ballast water discharge standard would result in a scientifically demon-strable and substantial reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (d) A
LTERNATIVE BALLAST WATER MANAGE -
MENT REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in this title may be construed to preclude the Secretary from au-thorizing the use of alternate means or methods of managing ballast water (including flow- through exchange, empty/refill exchange, and transfer to treatment facilities in place of a ves-sel ballast water management system required under this section) if the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, determines that such means or methods would not pose a greater risk of introduction of aquatic nuisance species in navigable waters than the use of a ballast water management system that achieves the ap-plicable ballast water discharge standard. (e) G
REAT LAKES REQUIREMENTS .—In addition to the other standards and requirements im-posed by this section, in the case of a vessel that enters the Great Lakes through the St. Law-rence River after operating outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall establish a requirement that the vessel conduct saltwater flushing of all ballast water tanks onboard prior to entry. 
SEC. 706. TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—No manufac-turer of a ballast water management system shall sell, offer for sale, or introduce or deliver for introduction into interstate commerce, or im-port into the United States for sale or resale, a ballast water management system for a vessel unless it has been certified under this section. (b) C
ERTIFICATION PROCESS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4761 June 29, 2016 
(1) E VALUATION .—Upon application of a man-ufacturer, the Secretary shall evaluate a ballast water management system with respect to— (A) the effectiveness of the management sys-tem in achieving the current ballast water dis-charge standard when installed on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel); (B) the compatibility with vessel design and operations; (C) the effect of the management system on vessel safety; (D) the impact on the environment; (E) the cost effectiveness; and (F) any other criteria the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) A
PPROVAL .—If after an evaluation under paragraph (1) the Secretary determines that the management system meets the criteria, the Sec-retary may certify the management system for use on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of ves-sel). (3) S
USPENSION AND REVOCATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish, by regulation, a process to suspend or revoke a certification issued under this section. (c) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .— (1) I
MPOSITION OF CONDITIONS .—In certifying a ballast water management system under this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may impose any condition on the subsequent installation, use, or maintenance of the management system onboard a vessel as is necessary for— (A) the safety of the vessel, the crew of the vessel, and any passengers aboard the vessel; (B) the protection of the environment; or (C) the effective operation of the management system. (2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—The failure of an owner or operator to comply with a condition imposed under paragraph (1) shall be considered a violation of this section. (d) P
ERIOD FOR USE OF INSTALLED TREATMENT  E
QUIPMENT .—Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this title or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall allow a vessel on which a management system is installed and operated to meet a ballast water discharge standard under this title to continue to use that system, notwithstanding any revision of a ballast water discharge standard occurring after the manage-ment system is ordered or installed until the ex-piration of the service life of the management system, as determined by the Secretary, if the management system— (1) is maintained in proper working condition, as determined by the Secretary; and (2) continues to meet the discharge standard in effect at the time of installation. (e) C
ERTIFICATES OF TYPEAPPROVAL FOR THE  T
REATMENT TECHNOLOGY .— (1) I
SSUANCE .—If the Secretary approves a ballast water management system for certifi-cation under subsection (b), the Secretary shall issue a certificate of type approval for the man-agement system to the manufacturer in such form and manner as the Secretary determines appropriate. (2) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .—A certificate of type approval issued under paragraph (1) shall specify each condition imposed by the Sec-retary under subsection (c). (3) O
WNERS AND OPERATORS .—A manufacturer that receives a certificate of type approval for the management system under this subsection shall provide a copy of the certificate to each owner and operator of a vessel on which the management system is installed. (f) I
NSPECTIONS .—An owner or operator who receives a copy of a certificate under subsection (e)(3) shall retain a copy of the certificate on-board the vessel and make the copy of the cer-tificate available for inspection at all times while the owner or operator is utilizing the man-agement system. (g) B
IOCIDES .—The Secretary may not approve a ballast water management system under sub-section (b) if— (1) it uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Secretary, in consultation with Administrator, has approved the use of the biocide in such management system; or (2) it uses or generates a biocide the discharge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (h) PROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the use of a ballast water manage-ment system by an owner or operator of a vessel shall not satisfy the requirements of this title unless it has been approved by the Secretary under subsection (b). (2) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) C
OAST GUARD SHIPBOARD TECHNOLOGY  
EVALUATION PROGRAM .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water management system that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this section if the technology is being evaluated under the Coast Guard Shipboard Technology Evaluation Program. (B) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS  
CERTIFIED BY FOREIGN ENTITIES .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water management system that has not been certified by the Sec-retary to comply with the requirements of this section if the management system has been cer-tified by a foreign entity and the certification demonstrates performance and safety of the management system equivalent to the require-ments of this section, as determined by the Sec-retary. (i) T
ESTING PROTOCOLS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, shall issue requirements for land-based and shipboard testing protocols or criteria for— (1) certifying the performance of each ballast water management system under this section; and (2) certifying laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. 
SEC. 707. EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NCIDENTAL DISCHARGES .—Except in a Na-tional Marine Sanctuary or a Marine National Monument, no permit shall be required or prohi-bition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any standards regarding a dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under this title apply to— (1) a discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel if the vessel is less than 79 feet in length and engaged in commercial service (as such terms are defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); or (2) a discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel if the vessel is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel and a fish ten-der vessel, (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code). (b) D
ISCHARGES INTONAVIGABLE WATERS .—No permit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any standards regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under this title apply to— (1) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel authorized by an on-scene coordinator in accordance with part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or part 153 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel that is necessary to secure the safety of the vessel or human life, or to suppress a fire onboard the vessel or at a shoreside facility; or (3) a vessel of the armed forces of a foreign nation when engaged in noncommercial service. (c) R
ECREATIONAL VESSEL DISCHARGES .—No permit shall be required, nor shall any stand-ards be established, regarding a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a recreational vessel (as defined in section 2101(25) of title 46, United States Code) under this title. (d) BALLAST WATER DISCHARGES .—No permit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water discharge standard under this title apply to— (1) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel determined by the Secretary to— (A) operate exclusively within a geographi-cally limited area; (B) take up and discharge ballast water exclu-sively within 1 Captain of the Port Zone estab-lished by the Coast Guard unless the Secretary determines such discharge poses a substantial risk of introduction or establishment of an aquatic nuisance species; (C) operate pursuant to a geographic restric-tion issued as a condition under section 3309 of title 46, United States Code, or an equivalent re-striction issued by the country of registration of the vessel; or (D) continuously take on and discharge bal-last water in a flow-through system that does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into nav-igable waters; (2) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel consisting entirely of water sourced from a United States public water system that meets the requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) or from a foreign public water system de-termined by the Administrator to be suitable for human consumption; or (3) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel in an alternative compliance program established pursuant to sec-tion 708. (e) V
ESSELS WITH PERMANENT BALLAST  W
ATER.—No permit shall be required or prohibi-tion enforced regarding a ballast water dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water discharge standard under this title apply to, a vessel that carries all of its permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge. (f) V
ESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Nothing in this title may be construed to apply to— (1) a vessel owned or operated by the Depart-ment of Defense (other than a time-chartered or voyage-chartered vessel); or (2) a vessel of the Coast Guard, as designated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 708. ALTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, may promulgate regulations establishing 1 or more compliance programs as an alternative to ballast water management regulations issued under section 705 for a vessel that— (1) has a maximum ballast water capacity of less than 8 cubic meters; or (2) is less than 3 years from the end of the use-ful life of the vessel, as determined by the Sec-retary. (b) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) F
ACILITY STANDARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall promulgate standards for— (A) the reception of ballast water from a vessel into a reception facility; and (B) the disposal or treatment of the ballast water under paragraph (1). (2) T
RANSFER STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, is author-ized to promulgate standards for the arrange-ments necessary on a vessel to transfer ballast water to a facility. 
SEC. 709. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An interested person may file a petition for review of a final regulation promulgated under this title in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4762 June 29, 2016 
States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .—A petition shall be filed not later than 120 days after the date that notice of the promulgation appears in the Federal Reg-ister. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under subsection (b) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date that the grounds first arise. 
SEC. 710. EFFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political subdivi-sion thereof may adopt or enforce any statute or regulation of the State or political subdivision with respect to a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), the Governor of a State may petition the Secretary to adopt a national ballast water discharge standard that is more stringent than the ballast water performance standard under section 705(a)(1)(A) upon a showing that— (1) compliance with the proposed ballast water discharge standard can in fact be achieved and detected by a ballast water management system that is economically achievable and operation-ally practicable; (2) the proposed ballast water discharge standard is consistent with obligations under relevant international treaties or agreements to which the United States is a party; and (3) any other factors that the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, deems rel-evant. (c) P
ETITION PROCESS .— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The Governor of a State shall submit a petition to the Secretary request-ing the Secretary to review the statute or regu-lation. (2) C
ONTENTS ; TIMING .—A petition submitted under paragraph (1) shall be accompanied by the scientific and technical information on which the petition is based. (3) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall make a determination on a petition under this subsection not later than 90 days after the date that the Secretary determines that a complete petition has been received. 
SEC. 711. APPLICATION WITH OTHER STATUTES. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE STATUTORY AUTHORITY .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided in this section and notwithstanding any other provision of law, this title shall be the exclusive statutory author-ity for regulation by the Federal Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies. (b) E
FFECT OF EXISTING REGULATIONS .—Ex- cept as provided under section 705(a)(1)(A), any regulation in effect on the date immediately pre-ceding the effective date of this Act relating to any permitting requirement for or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies— (1) shall be deemed to be a regulation issued pursuant to the authority of this title; and (2) shall remain in full force and effect unless or until superseded by new regulations issued under this title. (c) A
CT TO PREVENT POLLUTION FROM S
HIPS.—The Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) shall be the exclusive statutory authority for the regulation by the Federal Government of any discharge or emis-sion that is covered under the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978, done at London February 17, 1978. Nothing in this title may be construed to alter or amend such Act or any regulation issued pursuant to the authority of such Act. (d) T
ITLE X OF THE COAST GUARD AND MARI-
TIME TRANSPORTATION ACT OF 2010.—Title X of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) shall be the exclusive statutory authority for the regulation by the Federal Government of any anti-fouling system that is covered under the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti- Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. Nothing in this title may be construed to alter or amend such title X or any regulation issued pursuant to the authority under such title. SEC. 712. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS. 
Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), all actions’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) V
ESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGES .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), the Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act shall be the exclusive stat-utory authority for the regulation by the Fed-eral Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel.’’. 
SEC. 713. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Any action taken by the Federal Government under this Act shall be in full compliance with its obligations under applicable provisions of international law. TITLE VIII—NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND ASSAULT PREVEN-TION ACT 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration Sexual Harassment and Assault Prevention Act’’. Subtitle A—Sexual Harassment and Assault Prevention at the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration 
SEC. 811. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HARASS-MENT AT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EQUIRED POLICY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop a policy on the prevention of and re-sponse to sexual harassment involving employ-ees of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, and individ-uals who work with or conduct business on be-half of the Administration. (b) M
ATTERS TO BESPECIFIED IN POLICY .— The policy developed under subsection (a) shall include— (1) establishment of a program to promote awareness of the incidence of sexual harass-ment; (2) clear procedures an individual should fol-low in the case of an occurrence of sexual har-assment, including— (A) a specification of the person or persons to whom an alleged occurrence of sexual harass-ment should be reported by an individual and options for confidential reporting, including— (i) options and contact information for after- hours contact; and (ii) procedure for obtaining assistance and re-porting sexual harassment while working in a remote scientific field camp, at sea, or in an-other field status; and (B) a specification of any other person whom the victim should contact; (3) establishment of a mechanism by which— (A) questions regarding sexual harassment can be confidentially asked and confidentially answered; and (B) incidents of sexual harassment can be confidentially reported; and (4) a prohibition on retaliation and con-sequences for retaliatory actions. (c) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In devel- oping the policy required by subsection (a), the Secretary may consult or receive assistance from such State, local, and national organizations and subject matter experts as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (d) AVAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a) is available to— (1) all employees of the Administration and members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including those employees and members who conduct field work for the Admin-istration; and (2) the public. (e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION OF EQUAL EM-
PLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY PERSONNEL .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that at least 1 employee of the Administration who is tasked with handling matters relating to equal employment oppor-tunity or sexual harassment is stationed— (1) in each region in which the Administration conducts operations; and (2) in each marine and aviation center of the Administration. (f) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than 4 times each year, the Director of the Civil Rights Office of the Administration shall submit to the Under Secretary a report on sexual harassment in the Administration. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Number of sexual harassment cases, both actionable and non-actionable, involving indi-viduals covered by the policy developed under subsection (a). (B) Number of open actionable sexual harass-ment cases and how long the cases have been open. (C) Such trends or region specific issues as the Director may have discovered with respect to sexual harassment in the Administration. (D) Such recommendations as the Director may have with respect to sexual harassment in the Administration. 
SEC. 812. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL ASSAULT AT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-PHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE POLICY ON PREVENTION  
ANDRESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, act-ing through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop a comprehensive policy on the prevention of and response to sexual as-saults involving employees of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, members of the commissioned officer corps of the Admin-istration, and individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Administra-tion. (b) E
LEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE POLICY .— The comprehensive policy developed under sub-section (a) shall, at minimum, address the fol-lowing matters: (1) Prevention measures. (2) Education and training on prevention and response. (3) A list of support resources an individual may use in the occurrence of sexual assault, in-cluding— (A) options and contact information for after- hours contact; and (B) procedure for obtaining assistance and re-porting sexual assault while working in a re-mote scientific field camp, at sea, or in another field status. (4) Easy and ready availability of information described in paragraph (3). (5) Establishing a mechanism by which— (A) questions regarding sexual assault can be confidentially asked and confidentially an-swered; and (B) incidents of sexual assault can be con-fidentially reported. (6) Protocols for the investigation of com-plaints by command and law enforcement per-sonnel. (7) Prohibiting retaliation and consequences for retaliatory actions against someone who re-ports a sexual assault. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4763 June 29, 2016 
(8) Oversight by the Under Secretary of ad-ministrative and disciplinary actions in response to substantial incidents of sexual assault. (9) Victim advocacy, including establishment of and the responsibilities and training require-ments for victim advocates as described in sub-section (c). (10) Availability of resources for victims of sexual assault within other Federal agencies and State, local, and national organizations. (c) V
ICTIM ADVOCACY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall establish victim advocates to advocate for victims of sex-ual assaults involving employees of the Adminis-tration, members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, and individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Administration. (2) V
ICTIM ADVOCATES .—For purposes of this subsection, a victim advocate is a permanent employee of the Administration who— (A) is trained in matters relating to sexual as-sault and the comprehensive policy developed under subsection (a); and (B) serves as a victim advocate voluntarily and in addition to the employee’s other duties as an employee of the Administration. (3) P
RIMARY DUTIES .—The primary duties of a victim advocate established under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Supporting victims of sexual assault and informing them of their rights and the resources available to them as victims. (B) Acting as a companion in navigating in-vestigative, medical, mental and emotional health, and recovery processes relating to sexual assault. (C) Helping to identify resources to ensure the safety of victims of sexual assault. (4) L
OCATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that at least 1 victim advocate established under paragraph (1) is stationed— (A) in each region in which the Administra-tion conducts operations; and (B) in each marine and aviation center of the Administration. (5) H
OTLINE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish a telephone number at which a victim of a sexual assault can contact a victim advocate. (B) 24-
HOUR ACCESS .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the telephone number established under subparagraph (A) is monitored at all times. (6) F
ORMAL RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER ENTI -
TIES.—The Secretary may enter into formal rela-tionships with other entities to make available additional victim advocates. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the policy developed under subsection (a) is available to— (1) all employees of the Administration and members of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including those employees and members who conduct field work for the Admin-istration; and (2) the public. (e) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSISTANCE .—In devel- oping the policy required by subsection (a), the Secretary may consult or receive assistance from such State, local, and national organizations and subject matter experts as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
SEC. 813. RIGHTS OF THE VICTIM OF A SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
A victim of a sexual assault covered by the comprehensive policy developed under section 812(a) has the right to be reasonably protected from the accused. 
SEC. 814. CHANGE OF STATION. 
(a) C HANGE OF STATION , UNITTRANSFER , OR C
HANGE OF WORKLOCATION OF VICTIMS .— (1) T
IMELY CONSIDERATION AND ACTION UPON  
REQUEST .—The Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and At-mosphere, shall— (A) in the case of a member of the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who was a victim of a sexual assault, in order to reduce the possi-bility of retaliation or further sexual assault, provide for timely determination and action on an application submitted by the victim for con-sideration of a change of station or unit transfer of the victim; and (B) in the case of an employee of the Adminis-tration who was a victim of a sexual assault, to the degree practicable and in order to reduce the possibility of retaliation against the employee for reporting the sexual assault, accommodate a request for a change of work location of the vic-tim. (2) PROCEDURES .— (A) P
ERIOD FOR APPROVAL AND DIS -
APPROVAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall ensure that an applica-tion or request submitted under paragraph (1) for a change of station, unit transfer, or change of work location is approved or denied within 72 hours of the submission of the application or re-quest. (B) R
EVIEW .—If an application or request sub-mitted under paragraph (1) by a victim of a sex-ual assault for a change of station, unit trans-fer, or change of work location of the victim is denied— (i) the victim may request the Secretary review the denial; and (ii) the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall, not later than 72 hours after receiving such request, affirm or overturn the denial. (b) C
HANGE OF STATION , UNITTRANSFER , AND C
HANGE OF WORKLOCATION OF ALLEGED PER-
PETRATORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary, shall develop a policy for the protection of victims of sexual as-sault described in subsection (a)(1) by providing the alleged perpetrator of the sexual assault with a change of station, unit transfer, or change of work location, as the case may be, if the alleged perpetrator is a member of the com-missioned officer corps of the Administration or an employee of the Administration. (2) P
OLICY REQUIREMENTS .—The policy re-quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A means to control access to the victim. (B) Due process for the victim and the alleged perpetrator. (c) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall promul-gate regulations to carry out this section. (2) C
ONSISTENCY .—When practicable, the Sec-retary shall make regulations promulgated under this section consistent with similar regu-lations promulgated by the Secretary of Defense. 
SEC. 815. APPLICABILITY OF POLICIES TO CREWS OF VESSELS SECURED BY NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMIN-ISTRATION UNDER CONTRACT. 
The Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere shall ensure that each contract into which the Under Secretary enters for the use of a vessel by the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration that covers the crew of the vessel, if any, shall include as a condition of the contract a provision that subjects such crew to the policy developed under section 811(a) and the comprehensive policy developed under sec-tion 812(a). 
SEC. 816. ANNUAL REPORT ON SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary of Commerce shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report on the sexual assaults involving employees of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, members of the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, and individuals who work with or conduct business on behalf of the Administration. (b) CONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the previous calendar year, the following: (1) The number of alleged sexual assaults in-volving employees, members, and individuals de-scribed in subsection (a). (2) A synopsis of each case and the discipli-nary action taken, if any, in each case. (3) The policies, procedures, and processes im-plemented by the Secretary, and any updates or revisions to such policies, procedures, and proc-esses. (4) A summary of the reports received by the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere under section 811(f). (c) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—In preparing and submitting a report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that no individual in-volved in an alleged sexual assault can be iden-tified by the contents of the report. 
SEC. 817. DEFINITION. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘sexual assault’’ shall have the meaning given such term in sec-tion 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925(a)). Subtitle B—Commissioned Officer Corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration 
SEC. 820. REFERENCES TO NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRA-TION COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS ACT OF 2002. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, when-ever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). PART I—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 821. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
Section 214 (33 U.S.C. 3004) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 214. STRENGTH AND DISTRIBUTION IN GRADE. 
‘‘(a) G RADES .—The commissioned grades in the commissioned officer corps of the Adminis-tration are the following, in relative rank with officers of the Navy: ‘‘(1) Vice admiral. ‘‘(2) Rear admiral. ‘‘(3) Rear admiral (lower half). ‘‘(4) Captain. ‘‘(5) Commander. ‘‘(6) Lieutenant commander. ‘‘(7) Lieutenant. ‘‘(8) Lieutenant (junior grade). ‘‘(9) Ensign. ‘‘(b) G
RADE DISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall prescribe, with respect to the distribution on the lineal list in grade, the percentages appli-cable to the grades set forth in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL COMPUTATION OF NUMBER IN  G
RADE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall make a com-putation to determine the number of officers on the lineal list authorized to be serving in each grade. ‘‘(2) M
ETHOD OF COMPUTATION .—The number in each grade shall be computed by applying the applicable percentage to the total number of such officers serving on active duty on the date the computation is made. ‘‘(3) F
RACTIONS .—If a final fraction occurs in computing the authorized number of officers in a grade, the nearest whole number shall be taken. If the fraction is 
1⁄2, the next higher whole number shall be taken. ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN NUMBERS .—The total number of officers authorized by law to be on the lineal list during a fiscal year may be temporarily exceeded if the average number on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4764 June 29, 2016 
that list during that fiscal year does not exceed the authorized number. ‘‘(e) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Officers serving in positions designated under section 228(a) and officers recalled from retired status shall not be counted when com-puting authorized strengths under subsection (c) and shall not count against those strengths. ‘‘(f) P
RESERVATION OF GRADE AND PAY.—No officer may be reduced in grade or pay or sepa-rated from the commissioned officer corps of the Administration as the result of a computation made to determine the authorized number of of-ficers in the various grades.’’. 
SEC. 822. RECALLED OFFICERS. 
Section 215 (33 U.S.C. 3005) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Effective’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
OSITIONS OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Officers serving in positions designated under section 228 and officers recalled from re-tired status— ‘‘(1) may not be counted in determining the total number of authorized officers on the lineal list under this section; and ‘‘(2) may not count against such number.’’. 
SEC. 823. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 216. OBLIGATED SERVICE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe the obligated service requirements for ap-pointments, training, promotions, separations, continuations, and retirement of officers not otherwise covered by law. ‘‘(2) W
RITTEN AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary and officers shall enter into written agreements that describe the officers’ obligated service re-quirements prescribed under paragraph (1) in return for such appointments, training, pro-motions, separations, and retirements as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) R
EPAYMENT FOR FAILURE TO SATISFY RE-
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may require an officer who fails to meet the service require-ments prescribed under subsection (a)(1) to reim-burse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the training pro-vided to that officer by the Secretary as the unserved portion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve. ‘‘(2) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED STATES .— An obligation to reimburse the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be considered for all pur-poses as a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(3) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A discharge in bankruptcy under title 11 that is entered less than 5 years after the termination of a written agreement entered into under subsection (a)(2) does not discharge the individual signing the agreement from a debt arising under such agree-ment. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER OR SUSPENSION OF COMPLI -
ANCE.—The Secretary may waive the service ob-ligation of an officer who— ‘‘(1) becomes unqualified to serve on active duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a circumstance not within the control of that officer; or ‘‘(2) is— ‘‘(A) not physically qualified for appointment; and ‘‘(B) determined to be unqualified for service in the commissioned officer corps of the Admin-istration because of a physical or medical condi-tion that was not the result of the officer’s own misconduct or grossly negligent conduct.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 215 the following: ‘‘Sec. 216. Obligated service requirement.’’. SEC. 824. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 823(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 217. TRAINING AND PHYSICAL FITNESS. 
‘‘(a) T RAINING .—The Secretary may take such measures as may be necessary to ensure that of-ficers are prepared to carry out their duties in the commissioned officer corps of the Adminis-tration and proficient in the skills necessary to carry out such duties. Such measures may in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) Carrying out training programs and cor-respondence courses, including establishing and operating a basic officer training program to provide initial indoctrination and maritime vo-cational training for officer candidates as well as refresher training, mid-career training, avia-tion training, and such other training as the Secretary considers necessary for officer devel-opment and proficiency. ‘‘(2) Providing officers and officer candidates with books and school supplies. ‘‘(3) Acquiring such equipment as may be nec-essary for training and instructional purposes. ‘‘(b) P
HYSICAL FITNESS .—The Secretary shall ensure that officers maintain a high physical state of readiness by establishing standards of physical fitness for officers that are substan-tially equivalent to those prescribed for officers in the Coast Guard.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372), as amended by section 823(b), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 216 the following: ‘‘Sec. 217. Training and physical fitness.’’. 
SEC. 825. RECRUITING MATERIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), as amended by section 824(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 218. USE OF RECRUITING MATERIALS FOR PUBLIC RELATIONS. 
‘‘The Secretary may use for public relations purposes of the Department of Commerce any advertising materials developed for use for re-cruitment and retention of personnel for the commissioned officer corps of the Administra-tion. Any such use shall be under such condi-tions and subject to such restrictions as the Sec-retary shall prescribe.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372), as amended by section 824(b), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 217 the following: ‘‘Sec. 218. Use of recruiting materials for public relations.’’. 
SEC. 826. CHARTER VESSEL SAFETY POLICY. 
(a) P OLICY REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall, acting through the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, develop and implement a charter vessel safety policy applicable to the acquisition by the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of charter vessel services. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by sub-section (a) shall address vessel safety, oper-ational safety, and basic personnel safety re-quirements applicable to the vessel size, type, and intended use. At a minimum, the policy shall include the following: (1) Basic vessel safety requirements that ad-dress stability, egress, fire protection and life-saving equipment, hazardous materials, and pollution control. (2) Personnel safety requirements that address crew qualifications, medical training and serv-ices, safety briefings and drills, and crew habit-ability. (c) LIMITATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the basic vessel safety requirements and personnel safety requirements included in the policy required by subsection (a)— (1) do not exceed the vessel safety require-ments and personnel safety requirements pro-mulgated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating; and (2) to the degree practicable, are consistent with the requirements described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 827. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 101(21)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘in the commis-sioned officer corps’’ before ‘‘of the National’’. PART II—PARITY AND RECRUITMENT 
SEC. 831. EDUCATION LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 267. EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOREPAY EDUCATION  L
OANS.—For the purpose of maintaining ade-quate numbers of officers of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty who have skills required by the commis-sioned officer corps, the Secretary may repay, in the case of a person described in subsection (b), a loan that— ‘‘(1) was used by the person to finance edu-cation; and ‘‘(2) was obtained from a governmental entity, private financial institution, educational insti-tution, or other authorized entity. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .—To be eligible to ob-tain a loan repayment under this section, a per-son must— ‘‘(1) satisfy 1 of the requirements specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(2) be fully qualified for, or hold, an ap-pointment as a commissioned officer in the com-missioned officer corps of the Administration; and ‘‘(3) sign a written agreement to serve on ac-tive duty, or, if on active duty, to remain on ac-tive duty for a period in addition to any other incurred active duty obligation. ‘‘(c) A
CADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—One of the following academic require-ments must be satisfied for purposes of deter-mining the eligibility of an individual for a loan repayment under this section: ‘‘(1) The person is fully qualified in a profes-sion that the Secretary has determined to be necessary to meet identified skill shortages in the commissioned officer corps. ‘‘(2) The person is enrolled as a full-time stu-dent in the final year of a course of study at an accredited educational institution (as deter-mined by the Secretary of Education) leading to a degree in a profession that will meet identified skill shortages in the commissioned officer corps. ‘‘(d) L
OANREPAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limits estab-lished under paragraph (2), a loan repayment under this section may consist of the payment of the principal, interest, and related expenses of a loan obtained by a person described in sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—For each year of obligated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in subsection (b)(3), the Secretary may pay not more than the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(e) A
CTIVE DUTYSERVICE OBLIGATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person entering into an agreement described in subsection (b)(3) incurs an active duty service obligation. ‘‘(2) L
ENGTH OF OBLIGATION DETERMINED  
UNDER REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the length of the obligation under paragraph (1) shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4765 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(B) M INIMUM OBLIGATION .—The regulations prescribed under subparagraph (A) may not pro-vide for a period of obligation of less than 1 year for each maximum annual amount, or portion thereof, paid on behalf of the person for quali-fied loans. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONS ON ACTIVE DUTY BEFORE ENTER -
ING INTO AGREEMENT .—The active duty service obligation of persons on active duty before en-tering into the agreement shall be served after the conclusion of any other obligation incurred under the agreement. ‘‘(f) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TOCOMPLETE OBLI-
GATION .— ‘‘(1) A
LTERNATIVE OBLIGATIONS .—An officer who is relieved of the officer’s active duty obli-gation under this section before the completion of that obligation may be given any alternative obligation, at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer who does not complete the period of active duty specified in the agreement entered into under subsection (b)(3), or the alternative obligation imposed under paragraph (1), shall be subject to the re-payment provisions under section 216. ‘‘(g) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section, in-cluding— ‘‘(1) standards for qualified loans and author-ized payees; and ‘‘(2) other terms and conditions for the mak-ing of loan repayments.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 266 the following: ‘‘Sec. 267. Education loan repayment pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 832. INTEREST PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 831(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 268. INTEREST PAYMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary may pay the interest and any special allowances that accrue on 1 or more student loans of an eligible officer, in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE OFFICERS .—An officer is eligible for the benefit described in subsection (a) while the officer— ‘‘(1) is serving on active duty; ‘‘(2) has not completed more than 3 years of service on active duty; ‘‘(3) is the debtor on 1 or more unpaid loans described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(4) is not in default on any such loan. ‘‘(c) S
TUDENT LOANS.—The authority to make payments under subsection (a) may be exercised with respect to the following loans: ‘‘(1) A loan made, insured, or guaranteed under part B of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq.). ‘‘(2) A loan made under part D of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.). ‘‘(3) A loan made under part E of such title (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(d) M
AXIMUM BENEFIT .—Interest and any special allowance may be paid on behalf of an officer under this section for any of the 36 con-secutive months during which the officer is eli-gible under subsection (b). ‘‘(e) F
UNDS FOR PAYMENTS .—The Secretary may use amounts appropriated for the pay and allowances of personnel of the commissioned of-ficer corps of the Administration for payments under this section. ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHSECRETARY OF EDU-
CATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Education regarding the administration of this section. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—The Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of Education the funds necessary— ‘‘(A) to pay interest and special allowances on student loans under this section (in accordance with sections 428(o), 455(l), and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o), 1087e(l), and 1087dd(j)); and ‘‘(B) to reimburse the Secretary of Education for any reasonable administrative costs incurred by the Secretary in coordinating the program under this section with the administration of the student loan programs under parts B, D, and E of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1071 et seq., 1087a et seq., 1087aa et seq.). ‘‘(g) SPECIAL ALLOWANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘special allowance’ means a special allowance that is payable under section 438 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 428(o) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(o)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and in-serting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OMMIS -
SIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANINTEREST  P
AYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 264 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Com-missioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, respectively,’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (2) Sections 455(l) and 464(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(l) and 1087dd(j)) are each amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and in-serting ‘‘A
RMED FORCES AND NOAA C OMMIS -
SIONED OFFICER CORPS STUDENT LOANINTEREST  P
AYMENT PROGRAMS ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or section 264 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Com-missioned Officer Corps Act of 2002’’ after ‘‘Code,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or an officer in the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, respectively’’ after ‘‘Armed Forces’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372), as amended by section 831(b), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 267 the following: ‘‘Sec. 268. Interest payment program.’’. 
SEC. 833. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by section 832(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 269. STUDENT PRE-COMMISSIONING EDU-CATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE FINANCIAL AS-
SISTANCE .—For the purpose of maintaining ade-quate numbers of officers of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration on active duty, the Secretary may provide financial as-sistance to a person described in subsection (b) for expenses of the person while the person is pursuing on a full-time basis at an accredited educational institution (as determined by the Secretary of Education) a program of education approved by the Secretary that leads to— ‘‘(1) a baccalaureate degree in not more than 5 academic years; or ‘‘(2) a postbaccalaureate degree. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person is eligible to ob-tain financial assistance under subsection (a) if the person— ‘‘(A) is enrolled on a full-time basis in a pro-gram of education referred to in subsection (a) at any educational institution described in such subsection; ‘‘(B) meets all of the requirements for accept-ance into the commissioned officer corps of the Administration except for the completion of a baccalaureate degree; and ‘‘(C) enters into a written agreement with the Secretary described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) AGREEMENT .—A written agreement re-ferred to in paragraph (1)(C) is an agreement between the person and the Secretary in which the person agrees— ‘‘(A) to accept an appointment as an officer, if tendered; and ‘‘(B) upon completion of the person’s edu-cational program, agrees to serve on active duty, immediately after appointment, for— ‘‘(i) up to 3 years if the person received less than 3 years of assistance; and ‘‘(ii) up to 5 years if the person received at least 3 years of assistance. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFYING EXPENSES .—Expenses for which financial assistance may be provided under subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(1) Tuition and fees charged by the edu-cational institution involved. ‘‘(2) The cost of books. ‘‘(3) In the case of a program of education leading to a baccalaureate degree, laboratory expenses. ‘‘(4) Such other expenses as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The Secretary shall prescribe the amount of financial assist-ance provided to a person under subsection (a), which may not exceed the amount specified in section 2173(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code, for each year of obligated service that a person agrees to serve in an agreement described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(e) D
URATION OF ASSISTANCE .—Financial as-sistance may be provided to a person under sub-section (a) for not more than 5 consecutive aca-demic years. ‘‘(f) S
UBSISTENCE ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person who receives fi-nancial assistance under subsection (a) shall be entitled to a monthly subsistence allowance at a rate prescribed under paragraph (2) for the du-ration of the period for which the person re-ceives such financial assistance. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The Sec- retary shall prescribe monthly rates for subsist-ence allowance provided under paragraph (1), which shall be equal to the amount specified in section 2144(a) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(g) I
NITIAL CLOTHING ALLOWANCE .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The Secretary may prescribe a sum which shall be credited to each person who receives financial assistance under sub-section (a) to cover the cost of the person’s ini-tial clothing and equipment issue. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Upon completion of the program of education for which a person re-ceives financial assistance under subsection (a) and acceptance of appointment in the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration, the person may be issued a subsequent clothing al-lowance equivalent to that normally provided to a newly appointed officer. ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION OF FINANCIAL ASSIST-
ANCE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall termi-nate the assistance provided to a person under this section if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary accepts a request by the person to be released from an agreement de-scribed in subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(B) the misconduct of the person results in a failure to complete the period of active duty re-quired under the agreement; or ‘‘(C) the person fails to fulfill any term or condition of the agreement. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may re-quire a person who receives assistance described in subsection (c), (f), or (g) under an agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) to reim-burse the Secretary in an amount that bears the same ratio to the total costs of the assistance provided to that person as the unserved portion of active duty bears to the total period of active duty the officer agreed to serve under the agree-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4766 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(3) W AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the service obligation of a person through an agree-ment entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) if the person— ‘‘(A) becomes unqualified to serve on active duty in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration because of a circumstance not within the control of that person; or ‘‘(B) is— ‘‘(i) not physically qualified for appointment; and ‘‘(ii) determined to be unqualified for service in the commissioned officer corps of the Admin-istration because of a physical or medical condi-tion that was not the result of the person’s own misconduct or grossly negligent conduct. ‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION AS DEBT TO UNITED STATES .— An obligation to reimburse the Secretary im-posed under paragraph (2) is, for all purposes, a debt owed to the United States. ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGE IN BANKRUPTCY .—A discharge in bankruptcy under title 11, United States Code, that is entered less than 5 years after the termination of a written agreement entered into under subsection (b)(1)(C) does not discharge the person signing the agreement from a debt arising under such agreement or under para-graph (2). ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may pro-mulgate such regulations and orders as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372), as amended by section 832(c), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 268 the following: ‘‘Sec. 269. Student pre-commissioning education assistance program.’’. 
SEC. 834. LIMITATION ON EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each fiscal year, beginning with fiscal year 2013, the Secretary of Commerce shall ensure that the total amount expended by the Secretary under section 267 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Com-missioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (as added by section 831(a)), section 268 of such Act (as added by section 832(a)), and section 269 of such Act (as added by section 833(a)) does not exceed the amount by which— (1) the total amount the Secretary would pay in that fiscal year to officer candidates under section 203(f)(1) of title 37, United States Code (as added by section 246(d)), if such section enti-tled officers candidates to pay at monthly rates equal to the basic pay of a commissioned officer in the pay grade O–1 with less than 2 years of service; exceeds (2) the total amount the Secretary actually pays in that fiscal year to officer candidates under section 203(f)(1) of such title (as so added). (b) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘officer candidate’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 212 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Com-missioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3002), as added by section 856(c). 
SEC. 835. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, AND EXTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF  T
ITLE 10.—Section 261(a) (33 U.S.C. 3071(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (16) as paragraphs (20) through (23), respec-tively; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (12) as paragraphs (12) through (17), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (8) through (10), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) Section 771, relating to unauthorized wearing of uniforms. ‘‘(5) Section 774, relating to wearing religious apparel while in uniform. ‘‘(6) Section 982, relating to service on State and local juries. ‘‘(7) Section 1031, relating to administration of oaths.’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (10), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(11) Chapter 58, relating to the Benefits and Services for members being separated or recently separated.’’; and (6) by inserting after paragraph (17), as redes-ignated, the following: ‘‘(18) Subchapter I of chapter 88, relating to Military Family Programs. ‘‘(19) Section 2005, relating to advanced edu-cation assistance, active duty agreements, and reimbursement requirements.’’. (b) EXTENSION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITIES .— (1) N
OTARIAL SERVICES .—Section 1044a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’. (2) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES FOR  
PROGRAMS SERVING MEMBERS AND THEIR FAMI -
LIES.—Section 1588 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘uniformed services’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED FOR ACCEPTANCE  
OFSERVICES FOR PROGRAMS SERVING MEMBERS  
OFNOAA ANDTHEIR FAMILIES .—For purposes of the acceptance of services described in sub-section (a)(3), the term ‘Secretary concerned’ in subsection (a) shall include the Secretary of Commerce with respect to members of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion.’’. (3) C
APSTONE COURSE FOR NEWLY SELECTED  
FLAG OFFICERS .—Section 2153 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration’’ after ‘‘in the case of the Navy’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘other armed forces’’ and in-serting ‘‘other uniformed services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Commerce, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’. 
SEC. 836. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 261 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 261A. APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS OF TITLE 37, UNITED STATES CODE. 
‘‘(a) P ROVISIONS MADEAPPLICABLE TO COM-
MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS.—The provisions of law applicable to the Armed Forces under the following provisions of title 37, United States Code, shall apply to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration: ‘‘(1) Section 324, relating to accession bonuses for new officers in critical skills. ‘‘(2) Section 403(f)(3), relating to prescribing regulations defining the terms ‘field duty’ and ‘sea duty’. ‘‘(3) Section 403(l), relating to temporary con-tinuation of housing allowance for dependents of members dying on active duty. ‘‘(4) Section 414(a)(2), relating to personal money allowance while serving as Director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration Commissioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(5) Section 488, relating to allowances for re-cruiting expenses. ‘‘(6) Section 495, relating to allowances for fu-neral honors duty. ‘‘(b) REFERENCES .—The authority vested by title 37, United States Code, in the ‘military de-partments’, ‘the Secretary concerned’, or ‘the Secretary of Defense’ with respect to the provi-sions of law referred to in subsection (a) shall be exercised, with respect to the commissioned offi-cer corps of the Administration, by the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary’s designee.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 261 the following: ‘‘Sec. 261A. Applicability of certain provisions of title 37, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 837. LEGION OF MERIT AWARD. 
Section 1121 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘armed forces’’ and insert-ing ‘‘uniformed services’’. 
SEC. 838. PROHIBITION ON RETALIATORY PER-SONNEL ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 261 (33 U.S.C. 3071), as amended by section 835, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (23) as paragraphs (9) through (24), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) Section 1034, relating to protected commu-nications and prohibition of retaliatory per-sonnel actions.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of paragraph (8) of subsection (a), the term ‘Inspector General’ in section 1034 of such title 10 shall mean the In-spector General of the Department of Com-merce.’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS REGARDING PROTECTED  C
OMMUNICATIONS AND PROHIBITION OF RETALIA -
TORY PERSONNEL ACTIONS .—The Secretary may promulgate regulations to carry out the applica-tion of section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, to the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including by promulgating such administrative procedures for investigation and appeal within the commissioned officer corps as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 839. PENALTIES FOR WEARING UNIFORM WITHOUT AUTHORITY. 
Section 702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Service or any’’ and in-serting ‘‘Service, the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, or any’’. 
SEC. 840. APPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF COMPETITIVE SERVICE LAW. 
Section 3304(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and mem-bers of the commissioned officer corps of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘separated from the armed forces’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘, veteran, or member’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and mem-bers of the commissioned officer corps of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (or its predecessor organization the Coast and Geodetic Survey) separated from such uniformed service’’ after ‘‘separated from the armed forces’’. 
SEC. 841. EMPLOYMENT AND REEMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. 
Section 4303(16) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the commissioned offi-cer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration,’’ after ‘‘Public Health Service,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4767 June 29, 2016 
SEC. 842. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DE-CISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E (33 U.S.C. 3071 et seq.), as amended by this subtitle, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 269A. TREATMENT OF COMMISSION IN COM-MISSIONED OFFICER CORPS AS EM-PLOYMENT IN ADMINISTRATION FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN HIRING DE-CISIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which the Secretary accepts an application for a position of employment with the Administration and lim-its consideration of applications for such posi-tion to applications submitted by individuals serving in a career or career-conditional posi-tion in the competitive service within the Ad-ministration, the Secretary shall deem an officer who has served as an officer in the commis-sioned officer corps for at least 3 years to be serving in a career or career-conditional posi-tion in the competitive service within the Ad-ministration for purposes of such limitation. ‘‘(b) C
AREER APPOINTMENTS .—If the Secretary selects an application submitted by an officer described in subsection (a) for a position de-scribed in such subsection, the Secretary shall give such officer a career or career-conditional appointment in the competitive service, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(c) C
OMPETITIVE SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘competitive service’ has the meaning given the term in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 269, as added by this subtitle, the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 269A. Treatment of commission in com-missioned officer corps as employ-ment in Administration for pur-poses of certain hiring deci-sions.’’. 
SEC. 843. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of a Federal agen-cy may appoint, without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title, a qualified candidate de-scribed subsection (b) directly to a position in the agency for which the candidate meets quali-fication standards of the Office of Personnel Management. (b) C
ANDIDATES DESCRIBED .—A candidate de-scribed in this subsection is a current or former member of the commissioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion who— (1) fulfilled his or her obligated service re-quirement under section 216 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Com-missioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, as added by section 823; (2) if no longer a member of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, was dis-charged or released therefrom; and (3) has been separated or released from service in the commissioned officer corps of the Admin-istration for a period of not more than 5 years. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to appointments made in fiscal year 2016 and in each fiscal year thereafter. PART III—APPOINTMENTS AND PROMOTION OF OFFICERS 
SEC. 851. APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 221 (33 U.S.C. 3021) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 221. ORIGINAL APPOINTMENTS AND RE-APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) G
RADES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), an original appointment of an officer may be made in such grades as may be appropriate for— ‘‘(i) the qualification, experience, and length of service of the appointee; and ‘‘(ii) the commissioned officer corps of the Ad-ministration. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT OF OFFICER CANDIDATES .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON GRADE .—An original ap-pointment of an officer candidate, upon gradua-tion from the basic officer training program of the commissioned officer corps of the Adminis-tration, may not be made in any other grade than ensign. ‘‘(ii) R
ANK.—Officer candidates receiving ap-pointments as ensigns upon graduation from basic officer training program shall take rank according to their proficiency as shown by the order of their merit at date of graduation. ‘‘(2) S
OURCE OF APPOINTMENTS .—An original appointment may be made from among the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Graduates of the basic officer training program of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(B) Graduates of the military service acad-emies of the United States who otherwise meet the academic standards for enrollment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Graduates of the maritime academies of the States who— ‘‘(i) otherwise meet the academic standards for enrollment in the training program described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) completed at least 3 years of regimented training while at a maritime academy of a State; and ‘‘(iii) obtained an unlimited tonnage or unlim-ited horsepower Merchant Mariner Credential from the United States Coast Guard. ‘‘(D) Licensed officers of the United States merchant marine who have served 2 or more years aboard a vessel of the United States in the capacity of a licensed officer, who otherwise meet the academic standards for enrollment in the training program described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) M
ARITIME ACADEMIES OF THE STATES .— The term ‘maritime academies of the States’ means the following: ‘‘(i) California Maritime Academy, Vallejo, California. ‘‘(ii) Great Lakes Maritime Academy, Traverse City, Michigan. ‘‘(iii) Maine Maritime Academy, Castine, Maine. ‘‘(iv) Massachusetts Maritime Academy, Buz-zards Bay, Massachusetts. ‘‘(v) State University of New York Maritime College, Fort Schuyler, New York. ‘‘(vi) Texas A&M Maritime Academy, Gal-veston, Texas. ‘‘(B) M
ILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—The term ‘military service academies of the United States’ means the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) The United States Military Academy, West Point, New York. ‘‘(ii) The United States Naval Academy, An-napolis, Maryland. ‘‘(iii) The United States Air Force Academy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. ‘‘(iv) The United States Coast Guard Acad-emy, New London, Connecticut. ‘‘(v) The United States Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, New York. ‘‘(b) R
EAPPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), an individual who previously served in the commissioned officer corps of the Admin-istration may be appointed by the Secretary to the grade the individual held prior to separa-tion. ‘‘(2) R
EAPPOINTMENTS TO HIGHER GRADES .—An appointment under paragraph (1) to a position of importance and responsibility designated under section 228 may only be made by the President. ‘‘(c) QUALIFICATIONS .—An appointment under subsection (a) or (b) may not be given to an in-dividual until the individual’s mental, moral, physical, and professional fitness to perform the duties of an officer has been established under such regulations as the Secretary shall pre-scribe. ‘‘(d) P
RECEDENCE OF APPOINTEES .—Ap- pointees under this section shall take precedence in the grade to which appointed in accordance with the dates of their commissions as commis-sioned officers in such grade. Appointees whose dates of commission are the same shall take precedence with each other as the Secretary shall determine. ‘‘(e) I
NTER-SERVICE TRANSFERS .—For inter- service transfers (as described in the Department of Defense Directive 1300.4 (dated December 27, 2006)) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating to promote and streamline inter-service transfers; ‘‘(2) give preference to such inter-service transfers for recruitment purposes as determined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(3) reappoint such inter-service transfers to the equivalent grade in the commissioned officer corps.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 221 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 221. Original appointments and re-appointments.’’. 
SEC. 852. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
Section 222 (33 U.S.C. 3022) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 222. PERSONNEL BOARDS. 
‘‘(a) C ONVENING .—Not less frequently than once each year and at such other times as the Secretary determines necessary, the Secretary shall convene a personnel board. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A board convened under subsection (a) shall consist of 5 or more officers who are serving in or above the permanent grade of the officers under consideration by the board. ‘‘(2) R
ETIRED OFFICERS .—Officers on the re-tired list may be recalled to serve on such per-sonnel boards as the Secretary considers nec-essary. ‘‘(3) N
O MEMBERSHIP ON 2 SUCCESSIVE  
BOARDS .—No officer may be a member of 2 suc-cessive personnel boards convened to consider officers of the same grade for promotion or sepa-ration. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—Each personnel board shall— ‘‘(1) recommend to the Secretary such changes as may be necessary to correct any erroneous position on the lineal list that was caused by administrative error; and ‘‘(2) make selections and recommendations to the Secretary and the President for the appoint-ment, promotion, involuntary separation, con-tinuation, and involuntary retirement of officers in the commissioned officer corps of the Admin-istration as prescribed in this title. ‘‘(d) A
CTION ON RECOMMENDATIONS NOTAC-
CEPTABLE .—If any recommendation by a board convened under subsection (a) is not accepted by the Secretary or the President, the board shall make such further recommendations as the Secretary or the President considers appro-priate.’’. 
SEC. 853. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 226 (33 U.S.C. 3026) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Appointments’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Appointments’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4768 June 29, 2016 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this sec-tion, the President shall, during a period in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Deputy Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. 
SEC. 854. ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE OFFICE OF MARINE AND AVIATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 228(c) (33 U.S.C. 3028(c)) is amended— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘Direc-tor’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Administrator’’; and (2) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘A
SSISTANT  A
DMINISTRATOR OF THE ’’ before ‘‘O FFICE ’’. 
SEC. 855. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 229 (33 U.S.C. 3029) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 229. TEMPORARY APPOINTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPOINTMENTS BY PRESIDENT .—Tem- porary appointments in the grade of ensign, lieutenant junior grade, or lieutenant may be made by the President. ‘‘(b) T
ERMINATION .—A temporary appointment to a position under subsection (a) shall termi-nate upon approval of a permanent appoint-ment for such position made by the President. ‘‘(c) O
RDER OF PRECEDENCE .—Appointees under subsection (a) shall take precedence in the grade to which appointed in accordance with the dates of their appointments as officers in such grade. The order of precedence of ap-pointees who are appointed on the same date shall be determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) A
NYONEGRADE .—When determined by the Secretary to be in the best interest of the commissioned officer corps, officers in any per-manent grade may be temporarily promoted one grade by the President. Any such temporary promotion terminates upon the transfer of the officer to a new assignment. ‘‘(e) D
ELEGATION OF APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—If the President delegates authority to the Secretary to make appointments under this sec-tion, the President shall, during a period in which the position of the Secretary is vacant, delegate such authority to the Deputy Secretary of Commerce or the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere during such period.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by striking the item relating to section 229 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 229. Temporary appointments.’’. 
SEC. 856. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 234. OFFICER CANDIDATES. 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION OF NUMBER .—The Sec- retary shall determine the number of appoint-ments of officer candidates. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—Appointment of officer candidates shall be made under regulations which the Secretary shall prescribe, including regulations with respect to determining age lim-its, methods of selection of officer candidates, term of service as an officer candidate before graduation from the program, and all other mat-ters affecting such appointment. ‘‘(c) D
ISMISSAL .—The Secretary may dismiss from the basic officer training program of the Administration any officer candidate who, dur-ing the officer candidate’s term as an officer candidate, the Secretary considers unsatisfac-tory in either academics or conduct, or not adapted for a career in the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. Officer candidates shall be subject to rules governing discipline prescribed by the Director of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration Commis-sioned Officer Corps. ‘‘(d) AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each officer candidate shall sign an agreement with the Secretary in accordance with section 216(a)(2) regarding the officer candidate’s term of service in the commis-sioned officer corps of the Administration. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement signed by an officer candidate under paragraph (1) shall pro-vide that the officer candidate agrees to the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) That the officer candidate will complete the course of instruction at the basic officer training program of the Administration. ‘‘(B) That upon graduation from the such program, the officer candidate— ‘‘(i) will accept an appointment, if tendered, as an officer; and ‘‘(ii) will serve on active duty for at least 4 years immediately after such appointment. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. Such regulations shall include— ‘‘(1) standards for determining what con-stitutes a breach of an agreement signed under such subsection (d)(1); and ‘‘(2) procedures for determining whether such a breach has occurred. ‘‘(f) R
EPAYMENT .—An officer candidate or former officer candidate who does not fulfill the terms of the obligation to serve as specified under section (d) shall be subject to the repay-ment provisions of section 216(b).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 233 the following: ‘‘Sec. 234. Officer candidates.’’. (c) O
FFICER CANDIDATE DEFINED .—Section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 3002(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) O
FFICER CANDIDATE .—The term ‘officer candidate’ means an individual who is enrolled in the basic officer training program of the Ad-ministration and is under consideration for ap-pointment as an officer under section 221(a)(2)(A).’’. (d) P
AY FOR OFFICER CANDIDATES .—Section 203 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f)(1) An officer candidate enrolled in the basic officer training program of the commis-sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is entitled, while participating in such program, to monthly offi-cer candidate pay at monthly rate equal to the basic pay of an enlisted member in the pay grade E–5 with less than 2 years service. ‘‘(2) An individual who graduates from such program shall receive credit for the time spent participating in such program as if such time were time served while on active duty as a com-missioned officer. If the individual does not graduate from such program, such time shall not be considered creditable for active duty or pay.’’. 
SEC. 857. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B (33 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.), as amended by section 856(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 235. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONNEL. 
‘‘The Secretary may make such expenditures as the Secretary considers necessary in order to obtain recruits for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration, including adver-tising.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions in section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes’’ (Pub-lic Law 107–372), as amended by section 856(b), is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 234 the following: ‘‘235. Procurement of personnel.’’. PART IV—SEPARATION AND RETIREMENT OF OFFICERS SEC. 861. INVOLUNTARY RETIREMENT OR SEPA-RATION. 
Section 241 (33 U.S.C. 3041) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) D
EFERMENT OF RETIREMENT OR SEPARA -
TION FOR MEDICAL REASONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that the evaluation of the medical condition of an officer requires hospitalization or medical ob-servation that cannot be completed with con-fidence in a manner consistent with the officer’s well being before the date on which the officer would otherwise be required to retire or be sepa-rated under this section, the Secretary may defer the retirement or separation of the officer. ‘‘(2) C
ONSENT REQUIRED .—A deferment may only be made with the written consent of the of-ficer involved. If the officer does not provide written consent to the deferment, the officer shall be retired or separated as scheduled. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A deferral of retirement or separation under this subsection may not extend for more than 30 days after completion of the evaluation requiring hospitalization or medical observation.’’. 
SEC. 862. SEPARATION PAY. 
Section 242 (33 U.S.C. 3042) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION .—An officer discharged for twice failing selection for promotion to the next higher grade is not entitled to separation pay under this section if the officer— ‘‘(1) expresses a desire not to be selected for promotion; or ‘‘(2) requests removal from the list of select-ees.’’. Subtitle C—Hydrographic Services 
SEC. 871. REAUTHORIZATION OF HYDROGRAPHIC SERVICES IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1998. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 306 of the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892d) is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are’’; (2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (1))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘surveys—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘surveys, $70,814,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘vessels—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘vessels, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Administra-tion—’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘Administration, $29,932,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the para-graph and inserting ‘‘title, $26,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘title—’’ and all that follows through the end of the para-graph and inserting ‘‘title, $30,564,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
RCTIC PROGRAMS .—Of the amount au-thorized by this section for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 is authorized for use— ‘‘(A) to acquire hydrographic data; ‘‘(B) to provide hydrographic services; ‘‘(C) to conduct coastal change analyses nec-essary to ensure safe navigation; ‘‘(D) to improve the management of coastal change in the Arctic; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4769 June 29, 2016 
‘‘(E) to reduce risks of harm to Alaska Native subsistence and coastal communities associated with increased international maritime traffic; and ‘‘(2) $2,000,000 is authorized for use to acquire hydrographic data and provide hydrographic services in the Arctic necessary to delineate the United States extended Continental Shelf.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
FOR SURVEYS .—Section 306 of such Act (33 U.S.C. 892d) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES FOR SURVEYS .—Of amounts authorized by this section for each fiscal year for contract hydrographic surveys, not more than 5 percent is authorized for administrative costs associated with contract management.’’. 
Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be with-drawn, the Fischer substitute amend-ment be agreed to, the bill, as amend-ed, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4940) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 2829), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 1, 2016, THROUGH WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 2016 Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, July 1, at 9:30 a.m.; Tuesday, July 5, at 9 a.m.; I further ask that when the Sen-ate adjourns on Tuesday, July 5, it next convene at 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; I ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 3100; further, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings; further, that at 2:15 p.m., the Sen-ate proceed to executive session as under the previous order; finally, that following the disposition of the Martinotti nomination, the pending cloture motions filed during today’s session ripen. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL FRIDAY, JULY 1, 2016, AT 9:30 A.M. Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 9:03 p.m., adjourned until Friday, July 1, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
DEBRA SATZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2022, VICE CONSTANCE M. CARROLL, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
W. STUART SYMINGTON, OF MISSOURI, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JASON D. TULLEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE JUDITH NAN MACALUSO, RETIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STEVEN M. SHEPRO 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TAMMY S. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. BRIAN E. ALVIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RICHARD J. HEITKAMP THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MILES A. DAVIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. FLETCHER V. WASHINGTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. NIKKI L. GRIFFIN OLIVE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DARIUS BANAJI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. TINA A. DAVIDSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. GAYLE D. SHAFFER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. FRANK D. WHITWORTH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. STEPHANIE T. KECK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DAVID A. GOGGINS CAPT. DOUGLAS W. SMALL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. RICHARD D. HEINZ CAPT. JOHN T. PALMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. CARL P. CHEBI CAPT. BLAKE L. CONVERSE CAPT. CHARLES B. COOPER II CAPT. PAUL T. DRUGGAN CAPT. DONALD D. GABRIELSON CAPT. ALVIN HOLSEY CAPT. JEFFREY T. JABLON CAPT. GARY A. MAYES CAPT. JOHN F. MEIER CAPT. JAMES E. PITTS CAPT. CHARLES W. ROCK CAPT. JOHN B. SKILLMAN CAPT. MURRAY J. TYNCH III CAPT. JOHN F. WADE CAPT. MICHAEL A. WETTLAUFER 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate June 29, 2016: 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
DANIEL B. MAFFEI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2017. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. FRED M. MIDGETTE 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
REBECCA F. DYE, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A FED-ERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM EXPIR-ING JUNE 30, 2020. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MARY BETH LEONARD, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE AFRICAN UNION, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY. GEETA PASI, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CHAD. ANNE S. CASPER, OF NEVADA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BURUNDI. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW T. QUINN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. PHILLIP E. LEE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ALAN J. REYES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MARY C. RIGGS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.058 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4770 June 29, 2016 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. CAROL M. LYNCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MARK E. BIPES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. BRIAN R. GULDBEK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. LOUIS C. TRIPOLI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ROBERT T. DURAND THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. SHAWN E. DUANE CAPT. SCOTT D. JONES CAPT. WILLIAM G. MAGER CAPT. JOHN B. MUSTIN CAPT. MATTHEW P. O’KEEFE CAPT. JOHN A. SCHOMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) THOMAS W. LUSCHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRIAN S. PECHA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) DEBORAH P. HAVEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MARK J. FUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RUSSELL E. ALLEN REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM M. CRANE REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL J. DUMONT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 601 AND 10502: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JOSEPH L. LENGYEL 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. RONALD R. FRITZEMEIER 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CHARLES G. CHIAROTTI BRIG. GEN. DAVID W. COFFMAN BRIG. GEN. PAUL J. KENNEDY BRIG. GEN. JOAQUIN F. MALAVET BRIG. GEN. LORETTA E. REYNOLDS BRIG. GEN. RUSSELL A. SANBORN BRIG. GEN. GEORGE W. SMITH, JR. BRIG. GEN. MARK R. WISE BRIG. GEN. DANIEL D. YOO IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF STAFF, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE, AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 8033: 
To be general 
GEN. DAVID L. GOLDFEIN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. THOMAS D. WALDHAUSER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF ARMY RESERVE/COMMANDING GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE COMMAND, AND AP-POINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3038: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES D. LUCKEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT P. WALTERS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. EDWARD C. CARDON THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY P. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH J. STREFF THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ANTHONY P. DIGIACOMO II COL. DANIEL J. HILL COL. KENNETH A. NAVA 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DAVID H. BERGER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFREY L. HARRIGIAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. TOD D. WOLTERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STAYCE D. HARRIS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GWENDOLYN BINGHAM 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL M. GILDAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. COLIN J. KILRAIN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS ASSISTANT COMMANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS, AND APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5044: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. GLENN M. WALTERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GARY L. THOMAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LEWIS A. CRAPAROTTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH L. OSTERMAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. TERRENCE J. O’SHAUGHNESSY 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MARSHALL B. LYTLE III 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE VICE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE AIR FORCE AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 8034 AND 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN W. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. VERALINN JAMIESON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS W. BERGESON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. THOMAS W. GEARY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.008 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4771 June 29, 2016 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN L. DOLAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. RICHARD M. CLARK 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
MICHAEL A. KHOURI, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2021. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOSEPH H. IMWALLE, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF LISA A. SELTMAN, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANDREW M. FOSTER AND ENDING WITH ANTHONY P. GADDI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 6, 2016. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID B. BARKER AND ENDING WITH ANGELA M. YUHAS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 16, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF BETHANY C. ARAGON, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN T. WATKINS, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SUSAN M. CEBULA AND ENDING WITH LISA N. YARBROUGH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 28, 2016. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN S. AITA AND ENDING WITH DEREK C. WHITAKER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 28, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF JASON B. BLEVINS, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF SHAWN R. LYNCH, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF RITA A. KOSTECKE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF HELEN H. BRANDABUR, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF BARRY K. WILLIAMS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DOUGLAS MAURER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF RONALD D. HARDIN, JR., TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF EDWARD J. FISHER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID W. MAYFIELD, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL P. GARLINGTON, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NOELA B. BACON AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM D. PLUMMER, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. ARMY NOMINATION OF ELIZABETH M. MILLER, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF JUSTIN C. LEGG, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TIMOTHY M. DUNN AND ENDING WITH PEGGYTARA M. STOLYAROVA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SUZANNE M. LESKO AND ENDING WITH CHARLES E. SUMMERS II, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF ANDREW F. ULAK, TO BE CAP-TAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KENNETH N. GRAVES AND ENDING WITH BILLY B. OSBORNE, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVE R. PARADELA AND ENDING WITH REESE K. ZOMAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES M. BROWN AND ENDING WITH KARL W. WICK, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT K. BAER AND ENDING WITH JOHN L. MORRIS, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRIAN S. ANDERTON AND ENDING WITH JAMES T. WORTHINGTON III, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER J. R. DEMCHAK AND ENDING WITH STEVEN R. THOMPSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JANETTE B. JOSE AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL J. SCHWERIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIC R. JOHN-SON AND ENDING WITH ANDREW R. WOOD, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAREMA M. DIDOSZAK AND ENDING WITH RICHARD M. SZCEPANSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 14, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF CONRADO G. DUNGCA, JR., TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF ALEXANDER L. PEABODY, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF JASON G. GOFF, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH OLIVIA L. BETHEA AND ENDING WITH CHRISTIAN A. STOVER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROGER S. AKINS AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL D. WITTENBERGER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD S. ADCOOK AND ENDING WITH BENJAMIN W. YOUNG, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANDREW M. ARCHILA AND ENDING WITH DOUGLAS E. STEPHENS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SHANE D. COO-PER AND ENDING WITH RANDALL J. VAVRA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHANNES M. BAILEY AND ENDING WITH JOHN E. VOLK, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SUSAN L. AYERS AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL YORK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL D. BROWN AND ENDING WITH BRIAN J. STAMM, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN R. ANDER-SON AND ENDING WITH BURR M. VOGEL, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RACHAEL A. DEMPSEY AND ENDING WITH SEAN D. ROBINSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANN E. CASEY AND ENDING WITH DARYK E. ZIRKLE, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CLAUDE W. AR-NOLD, JR. AND ENDING WITH ROB W. STEVENSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALBERT ANGEL AND ENDING WITH SCOTT D. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THOMAS L. GIB-BONS AND ENDING WITH KURT E. STRONACH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID L. AAMODT AND ENDING WITH NATHAN S. YORK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL B. BILZOR AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW A. TESTERMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL D. CLIFFORD AND ENDING WITH DIANNA WOLFSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERROL A. CAMP-BELL, JR. AND ENDING WITH JEFFREY M. VICARIO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JEFFREY J. CHOWN AND ENDING WITH BRET A. WASHBURN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BROOK DEWALT AND ENDING WITH PHILIP R. ROSI II, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AARON C. HOFF AND ENDING WITH JOHN M. TULLY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 11, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF DANIEL L. CHRISTENSEN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF HOWARD D. WATT, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF DANIEL MORALES, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF STEFAN M. GROETSCH, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY M. BIERLEY, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL G. ZAKAROFF, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RON J. ARELLANO AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM M. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KATIE M. ABDALLAH AND ENDING WITH NATHAN J. WINTERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW J. ACANFORA AND ENDING WITH JOSEPH A. ZERBY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KENNETH O. AL-LISON, JR. AND ENDING WITH TIMOTHY L. YEICH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BENJAMIN P. ABBOTT AND ENDING WITH RICHARD J. ZAMBERLAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PETER BISSONNETTE AND ENDING WITH ZAVEAN V. WARE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MYLENE R. ARVIZO AND ENDING WITH ERROL A. WATSON, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID R. DONOHUE AND ENDING WITH JASON D. WEAVER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RANDY J. BERTI AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL WINDOM, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JODIE K. COR-NELL AND ENDING WITH SEAN B. ROBERTSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICIA H. AJOY AND ENDING WITH WADE C. THAMES, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIN M. CESCHINI AND ENDING WITH GIANCARLO WAGHELSTEIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 9, 2016. NAVY NOMINATION OF THOMAS W. LUTON, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JENNIFER L. DONAHUE AND ENDING WITH ROBERT R. STEEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN D. BARTELL AND ENDING WITH RON P. NEITZKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NATHAN JOHN-STON AND ENDING WITH ROGER D. MUSSELMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PHILIP ARMAS, JR. AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER D. THOMPSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CATHERINE O. DURHAM AND ENDING WITH REBECCA A. ZORNADO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES H. BURNS AND ENDING WITH REBECCA S. SNYDER, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN M. HARDHAM AND ENDING WITH MARTIN W. WADEWITZ II, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.011 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4772 June 29, 2016 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PHILIP J. ABELDT AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL B. VENER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAUREN P. AR-CHER AND ENDING WITH ALISSA G. SPEZIALE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 23, 2016. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF RICHARD GUSTAVE OLSON, JR. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF EMILY M. SCOTT. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AMANDA R. AHLERS AND ENDING WITH LEE V. WILBUR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 18, 2016. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOCELYN N. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH BRIAN JOSEPH ZACHERL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 19, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.012 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1011 June 29, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 30, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 6 2 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions To hold hearings to examine ISIS online, focusing on countering terrorist radicalization and recruitment on the internet and social media. SD–342 JULY 13 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 JULY 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine evaluating the financial risks of China. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M29JN8.000 E29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D728 Wednesday, June 29, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 2328, Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4683–S4772 Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and six reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3107–3125, S.J. Res. 36, and S. Res. 515–519.
                  Page S4723 
Measures Reported: S. 3117, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–290) S. 1870, to amend the Small Business Act to re-quire the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire quali-fying businesses, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Page S4722 
Measures Passed: Relative to the Death of Pat Summitt: Senate agreed to S. Res. 516, relative to the death of Pat Summitt, head coach emeritus of the University of Tennessee women’s basketball team.
               Page S4730 
National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 517, designating September 2016 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’.
                                                                          Page S4730 
National Day of the American Cowboy: Senate agreed to S. Res. 518, designating July 23, 2016, as ‘‘National Day of the American Cowboy’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S4730–31 
300th Anniversary of the City of Natchez, Mis-sissippi: Senate agreed to S. Res. 519, recognizing the 300th anniversary and historical significance of the city of Natchez, Mississippi.
                        Page S4731 
Maritime Administration Authorization and Enhancement Act for Fiscal Year 2017: Senate passed S. 2829, to amend and enhance certain mari-time programs of the Department of Transportation, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                     Pages S4752–69 
Sasse (for Fischer) Amendment No. 4940, in the nature of a substitute.
                                             Page S4769 
Measures Considered: Sanctuary Cities—Agreement: Senate began con-sideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 3100, to ensure that State and local law en-forcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States.
                                                              Page S4702 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Wednesday, June 29, 2016, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey.
                                   Page S4702 
Subsequently, the motion to proceed was with-drawn.
                                                                              Page S4702 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednes-day, July 6, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill; and that upon disposition of the nomination of Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, the pending cloture motions filed on Wednesday, June 29, 2016, ripen.
                                                         Page S4769 
Kate’s Law—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2193, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase penalties for individuals who illegally reen-ter the United States after being removed. 
                                                                                    Pages S4702–03 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D729 June 29, 2016 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of S. 3100, to en-sure that State and local law enforcement may co-operate with Federal officials to protect our commu-nities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
                                                                                          Pages S4702 
Subsequently, the motion to proceed was with-drawn.
                                                                            Pages S4702 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act— Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5293, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. 
                                                                                    Pages S4705–10 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of McConnell mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, with McConnell Amendment No. 4935.
                                                              Pages S4704–05 
House Messages: Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Eco-nomic Stability Act: By 68 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 116), Senate concurred in the House amend-ment to S. 2328, to reauthorize and amend the Na-tional Sea Grant College Program Act, after taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
                                                     Pages S4702 
Withdrawn: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 4865, to change the enactment date. (By 44 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 114), Senate earlier failed to table the motion to concur.)
                       Pages S4685, S4701–02 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 68 yeas to 32 nays (Vote No. 113), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the bill. 
                                                                                    Pages S4689–90 
McConnell motion to refer the House message on the bill to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 4867, to change the enactment date, fell when cloture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill.                                                                             Pages S4685, S4690 
McConnell Amendment No. 4868 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 4867), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the House message on the bill to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 4867, fell. 
                                                                            Pages S4685, S4690 
McConnell Amendment No. 4869 (to Amend-ment No. 4868), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 4868 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 4867), fell. 
                                                                            Pages S4685, S4690 
By 85 yeas to 13 nays (Vote No. 115), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill. Subsequently, the point of order that the motion to concur in the House amendment to the bill violates section 425(a)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was not sustained.
                                                     Page S4702 
McConnell Amendment No. 4865, to change the enactment date, fell when McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 4865, was withdrawn. 
                                                                                          Pages S4702 
McConnell Amendment No. 4866 (to Amend-ment No. 4865), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 4865, fell. 
                                                                            Pages S4690, S4702 
National Sea Grant College Program Amend-ments Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the House amendment to S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, after agreeing to the motion to lay before the Senate the message from the House to accompany the bill, and taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pages S4703–05 
Withdrawn: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill), in the nature of a substitute.
           Page S4704 
McConnell motion to refer the bill to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
                                                                                            Page S4704 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill, with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 4935, in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S4704 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD730 June 29, 2016 
McConnell Amendment No. 4936 (to Amend-ment No. 4935), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S4705 
McConnell motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 4937, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                  Page S4705 
McConnell Amendment No. 4938 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 4937), to change the enactment date.
                                                          Page S4705 
McConnell Amendment No. 4939 (to Amend-ment No. 4938), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S4705 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 4935 (listed above), and, in accordance with the pro-visions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of S. 2193, to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to increase penalties for individuals who il-legally reenter the United States after being re-moved.
                                                                             Page S4703 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 68 yeas to 29 nays (Vote No. 117), Senate agreed to the motion to lay before the Senate the message from the House to accompany the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S4704 
McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 3450 (to the House amendment to the bill), in the nature of a substitute, fell when McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the bill with McConnell (for Roberts) Amendment No. 3450, was withdrawn.
                                                                    Page S4704 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, Senate adjourn until the next pro forma ses-sion: Friday, July 1, 2016, at 9:30 a.m.; Tuesday, July 5, 2016, at 9 a.m.; and that when Senate ad-journs on Tuesday, July 5, 2016, it next convene at 10 a.m., on Wednesday, July 6, 2016.
          Page S4769 
Martinotti Nomination—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 2:15 p.m., on Wednesday, July 6, 2016, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Brian R. Martinotti, of New Jersey, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, under the previous order of Tuesday, June 21, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S4769 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2017. Rebecca F. Dye, of North Carolina, to be a Fed-eral Maritime Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2020. Mary Beth Leonard, of Massachusetts, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador. Geeta Pasi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chad. Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Burundi. Michael A. Khouri, of Kentucky, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2021.                                                                                Page S4769 
12 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 10 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral. 15 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 24 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, and Navy.
                         Pages S4710–14, S4769–72 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Debra Satz, of California, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term ex-piring January 26, 2022. W. Stuart Symington, of Missouri, to be Ambas-sador to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Jason D. Tulley, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 6 Army nominations in the rank of general. 24 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S4769 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4720 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4720 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S4720 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4720–22 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S4722–23 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4723–25 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4725–31 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4719–20 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4731–50 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4750 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4750 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D731 June 29, 2016 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. (Total—117)
                             Pages S4689–90, S4702, S4704 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 9:03 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, July 1, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4769.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported an original bill (S. 3117) making ap-propriations for the Department of State, foreign op-erations, and related programs for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 3084, to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitive-ness of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 827, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communica-tions and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimi-nation among areas of the United States in the deliv-ery of such communications, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2997, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1717, to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials require-ment if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire- retardant materials; S. 3088, to provide a deadline for compliance with an alternate safety compliance program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3087, to establish the American Fisheries Advi-sory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3059, to reauthorize and amend the John H. Prescott Marine Mammal Rescue and Response Grant Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2219, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3086, to reauthorize and amend the Marine De-bris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3099, to preserve and enhance saltwater fishing opportunities for recreational anglers; and The nominations of Peggy E. Gustafson, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Department of Com-merce, and Michael A. Khouri, of Kentucky, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner. EPA ENFORCEMENT AND COMPLIANCE PROGRAMS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency en-forcement and compliance programs, after receiving testimony from Cynthia Giles, Assistant Adminis-trator, Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assur-ance, Environmental Protection Agency. ZIKA PREVENTION AND PREPARATION Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine preparing for and protecting the nation from Zika, after receiving testimony from Rear Admiral Anne Schuchat, Principal Deputy Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; H. Fisk Johnson, S. C. Johnson and Son, Racine, Wisconsin; Colonel Christopher Zahn, USAF (Ret.), American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, Bethesda, Mary-land; T. Wayne Gale, Florida Mosquito Control As-sociation and American Mosquito Control Associa-tion, Tallahassee; and David O’Connor, University of Wisconsin, Madison. EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT IMPLEMENTATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Every Student Succeeds Act implementation, focusing on an update from the Secretary of Education on pro-posed regulations, after receiving testimony from John King, Secretary of Education. INDIAN AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 2796, to repeal certain obso-lete laws relating to Indians, S. 2959, to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD732 June 29, 2016 
White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, and S. 3013, to au-thorize and implement the water rights compact among the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Indian Reservation, the State of Montana, and the United States, after receiving testi-mony from Letty Belin, Counselor to the Deputy Secretary of the Interior; David Flute, Sisseton- Wahpeton Oyate, Agency Village, South Dakota; Kasey Velasquez, White Mountain Apache Tribe, Whiteriver, Arizona; and Vernon Finley, Confed-erated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Reservation, Pablo, Montana. PROTECTING OLDER AMERICANS FROM FINANCIAL EXPLOITATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine protecting older Americans from financial exploitation, after receiving testimony from John A. Horn, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia, Department of Justice; Lois Greisman, Associate Director, Division of Mar-keting Practices, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Commission; Nancy Shaffer, Con-necticut State Department on Aging, South Wind-sor; Donna K. Harvey, Iowa Department on Aging, Des Moines; and Joseph Marquart, AARP Iowa Ex-ecutive Council, Cedar Falls. DWINDLING STARTUP ACTIVITY Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the con-sequences of dwindling startup activity, including S. 2868, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the deferral of inclusion in gross in-come for capital gains reinvested in economically distressed zones, and S. 2812, to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, after receiv-ing testimony from John W. Lettieri, Economic In-novation Group, and Donna Harris, 1776, both of Washington, D.C.; and Dane Stangler, Ewing Mar-ion Kauffman Foundation, Kansas City, Missouri. VETERANS’ AFFAIRS LEGISLATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine S. 244, to require an inde-pendent comprehensive review of the process by which the Department of Veterans Affairs assesses cognitive impairments that result from traumatic brain injury for purposes of awarding disability com-pensation, S. 603, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the authority of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to transport individuals to and from facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs in connection with rehabilitation, counseling, examination, treatment, and care, S. 2210, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pro-gram to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 2279, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, S. 2316, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the requirements for reissuance of veterans benefits in cases of misuse of benefits by certain fi-duciaries to include misuse by all fiduciaries, and to improve oversight of fiduciaries, S. 2791, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the clean-up of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, S. 2958, to establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 3021, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue independent study programs at certain educational institutions that are not institutions of higher learn-ing, S. 3023, to provide for the reconsideration of claims for disability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experiments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were con-ducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on people, S. 3032, to provide for an increase, effec-tive December 1, 2016, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, S. 3035, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to increase the use of med-ical scribes to maximize the efficiency of physicians at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 3055, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans, S. 3076, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or suf-ficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, S. 3081, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide certain employees of members of Congress with access to case-tracking information of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, an original bill to clarify the scope of procedural rights of members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D733 June 29, 2016 
uniformed services with respect to their employment and reemployment rights, to improve the enforce-ment of such employment and reemployment rights, an original bill to expand eligibility for readjustment counseling to certain members of the Selected Re-serve of the Armed Forces, and an original bill to authorize payment by the Department of Veterans Affairs for the costs associated with service by med-ical residents and interns at facilities operated by In-dian tribes and tribal organizations, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to expand medical residencies and internships at such facilities, after receiving testimony from David McLenachen, Deputy Under Secretary for Dis-ability Assistance, Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Roscoe G. Butler, The American Legion, Carlos Fuentes, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, and Richard Weidman, Vietnam Veterans of America, all of Washington, D.C.; and Kevin Ziober, Costa Mesa, California. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. on Friday, July 1, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine corruption, focusing on violent extremism, klep-tocracy, and the dangers of failing governance, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine the use of agency reg-ulatory guidance, 9 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, and the nomination of Carole Schwartz Rendon, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Homeland Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine small business survival amidst flood insurance rate increases, 10 a.m., SR–428A. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD734 June 29, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Friday, July 1 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, July 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. on Friday, July 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Jun 30, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29JN6.REC D29JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST