Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7589 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2016 No. 181 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
OLDING ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 16, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable G
EORGE  H
OLDING to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Monsignor Kevin Hart, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: O Father of us all, You have woven Your divine providence into the very fabric of our Nation. Against all odds You were instrumental in bringing it to birth. In the face of our enemies, from without and from within, You have safeguarded the freedom for which so many of our brothers and sisters have given their lives. You have en-dowed our country with natural and human resources that make it a land flowing with milk and honey and a bea-con of hope for those who yearn for the freedom that we enjoy. With these blessings, O God, comes the responsibility to use them wisely. Inspire and guide the Members of this Chamber, so that through them You may bring to fruition the good work You have begun in us. God bless these United States of America. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 944, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LOUDERMILK led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by the Speaker on Wednesday, December 14, 2016: H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a com-prehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, and for other purposes; H.R. 1150, to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to im-prove the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assist-ance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to re-ligious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; H.R. 2726, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anni-versary of the first manned landing on the Moon; H.R. 3784, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Busi-ness Capital Formation and a Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; H.R. 3842, to improve homeland secu-rity, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reform-ing Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first re-sponders, and for other purposes; H.R. 4352, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program establishing a patient self- scheduling appointment system, and for other purposes; H.R. 4939, to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora commu-nity in the United States, and the pri-vate sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes; H.R. 5015, to restore amounts improp-erly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related inju-ries, and for other purposes; H.R. 5099, to establish a pilot pro-gram on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 5612, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5790, to provide adequate protec-tions for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation; H.R. 5948, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 830 Kuhn Drive in Chula Vista, California, as the ‘‘Jonathan ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6130, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappro-priated by the Nazis; H.R. 6138, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hueneme, California, as the U.S. Naval Construction Battalion ‘‘Sea-bees’’ Fallen Heroes Post Office Build-ing; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.000 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7590 December 16, 2016 
H.R. 6282, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2024 Jerome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building’’; H.R. 6302, to provide an increase in premium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other purposes; H.R. 6304, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 501 North Main Street in Flor-ence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Office’’; H.R. 6323, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’; H.R. 6400, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey; H.R. 6431, to ensure United States ju-risdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border secu-rity initiatives; H.R. 6477, to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immu-nity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title; S. 8, to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Norway Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by Speaker pro tempore Thornberry on Thursday, De-cember 15, 2016: H.R. 6014, to allow the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to enter into reimbursable agreements for certain airport projects. 
f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION AND COMPETITIVENESS ACT Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3084) to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Innovation and Competitive-ness Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—MAXIMIZING BASIC RESEARCH Sec. 101. Reaffirmation of merit-based peer review. Sec. 102. Transparency and accountability. Sec. 103. EPSCoR reaffirmation and update. Sec. 104. Cybersecurity research. Sec. 105. Networking and Information Tech-nology Research and Develop-ment Update. Sec. 106. Physical sciences coordination. Sec. 107. Laboratory program improve-ments. Sec. 108. Standard Reference Data Act up-date. Sec. 109. NSF mid-scale project investments. Sec. 110. Oversight of NSF major multi-user research facility projects. Sec. 111. Personnel oversight. Sec. 112. Management of the U.S. Antarctic Program. Sec. 113. NIST campus security. Sec. 114. Coordination of sustainable chem-istry research and development. Sec. 115. Misrepresentation of research re-sults. Sec. 116. Research reproducibility and rep-lication. Sec. 117. Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies Initiative. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE AND REGULATORY BURDEN REDUCTION Sec. 201. Interagency working group on re-search regulation. Sec. 202. Scientific and technical collabora-tion. Sec. 203. NIST grants and cooperative agree-ments update. Sec. 204. Repeal of certain obsolete reports. Sec. 205. Repeal of certain provisions. Sec. 206. Grant subrecipient transparency and oversight. Sec. 207. Micro-purchase threshold for pro-curement solicitations by re-search institutions. Sec. 208. Coordination of international science and technology partner-ships. TITLE III—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH EDUCATION Sec. 301. Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program update. Sec. 302. Space grants. Sec. 303. STEM Education Advisory Panel. Sec. 304. Committee on STEM Education. Sec. 305. Programs to expand STEM oppor-tunities. Sec. 306. NIST education and outreach. Sec. 307. Presidential awards for excellence in STEM mentoring. Sec. 308. Working group on inclusion in STEM fields. Sec. 309. Improving undergraduate STEM experiences. Sec. 310. Computer science education re-search. Sec. 311. Informal STEM education. Sec. 312. Developing STEM apprenticeships. Sec. 313. NSF report on broadening partici-pation. Sec. 314. NOAA science education programs. Sec. 315. Hispanic-serving institutions un-dergraduate program update. TITLE IV—LEVERAGING THE PRIVATE SECTOR Sec. 401. Prize competition authority up-date. Sec. 402. Crowdsourcing and citizen science. Sec. 403. NIST other transaction authority update. Sec. 404. NIST director functions update. Sec. 405. NIST Visiting Committee on Ad-vanced Technology update. TITLE V—MANUFACTURING Sec. 501. Hollings manufacturing extension partnership improvements. TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER Sec. 601. Innovation corps. Sec. 602. Translational research grants. Sec. 603. Optics and photonics technology innovations. Sec. 604. United States chief technology offi-cer. Sec. 605. National research council study on technology for emergency noti-fications on campuses. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, unless expressly provided oth-erwise: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives. (2) F
EDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal science agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6623). (3) F
OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Science Foundation. (4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (5) NIST.—The term ‘‘NIST’’ means the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology. (6) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the American COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). (7) STEM 
EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘STEM education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the STEM Education Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). TITLE I—MAXIMIZING BASIC RESEARCH 
SEC. 101. REAFFIRMATION OF MERIT-BASED PEER REVIEW. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) sustained, predictable Federal funding of basic research is essential to United States leadership in science and technology; (2) the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria are appropriate for evaluating grant proposals, as concluded by the 2011 National Science Board Task Force on Merit Review; (3) evaluating proposals on the basis of the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria should be used to assure that the Foundation’s activities are in the national interest as these reviews can affirm that— (A) the proposals funded by the Foundation are of high quality and advance scientific knowledge; and (B) the Foundation’s grants address soci-etal needs through basic research findings or through related activities; and (4) as evidenced by the Foundation’s con-tributions to scientific advancement, eco-nomic growth, human health, and national security, its peer review and merit review processes have identified and funded scientif-ically and societally relevant basic research and should be preserved. (b) M
ERIT REVIEW CRITERIA .—The Founda-tion shall maintain the intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria, among other specific criteria as appropriate, as the basis for evaluating grant proposals in the merit review process. (c) U
PDATES .—If after the date of enact-ment of this Act a change is made to the merit-review process, the Director shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress not later than 30 days after the date of the change. 
SEC. 102. TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.003 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7591 December 16, 2016 
(1) building the understanding of and con-fidence in investments in basic research is essential to public support for sustained, pre-dictable Federal funding; (2) the Foundation has improved trans-parency and accountability of the outcomes made through the merit review process, but additional transparency into individual grants is valuable in communicating and as-suring the public value of federally funded research; and (3) the Foundation should commit to trans-parency and accountability and to clear, consistent public communication regarding the national interest for each Foundation- awarded grant and cooperative agreement. (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall issue and periodically update, as appropriate, policy guidance for both Foun-dation staff and other Foundation merit re-view process participants on the importance of transparency and accountability to the outcomes made through the merit review process. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance under paragraph (1) shall require that each public notice of a Foundation-funded research project justify the expenditure of Federal funds by— (A) describing how the project— (i) reflects the statutory mission of the Foundation, as established in the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.); and (ii) addresses the Foundation’s intellectual merit and broader impacts criteria; and (B) clearly identifying the research goals of the project in a manner that can be easily understood by both technical and non-tech-nical audiences. (c) B
ROADER IMPACTS REVIEW CRITERION  U
PDATE .—Section 526(a) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p-14(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) G
OALS .—The Foundation shall apply a broader impacts review criterion to identify and demonstrate project support of the fol-lowing goals: ‘‘(1) Increasing the economic competitive-ness of the United States. ‘‘(2) Advancing of the health and welfare of the American public. ‘‘(5) Developing an American STEM work-force that is globally competitive through improved pre-kindergarten through grade 12 STEM education and teacher development, and improved undergraduate STEM edu-cation and instruction. ‘‘(6) Improving public scientific literacy and engagement with science and technology in the United States. ‘‘(4) Enhancing partnerships between aca-demia and industry in the United States. ‘‘(3) Supporting the national defense of the United States. ‘‘(7) Expanding participation of women and individuals from underrepresented groups in STEM.’’. 
SEC. 103. EPSCOR REAFFIRMATION AND UPDATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 517(a) of the Amer-ica COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The National’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the National’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘education,’’ and inserting ‘‘education’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘with 27 States’’ and all that follows through the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘with 28 States and jurisdictions, taken together, re-ceiving only about 12 percent of all National Science Foundation research funding;’’; (3) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) each of the States described in para-graph (2) receives only a fraction of 1 percent of the Foundation’s research dollars each year;’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) first established at the National Science Foundation in 1979, the Experi-mental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (referred to in this section as ‘EPSCoR’) assists States and jurisdictions historically underserved by Federal research and development funding in strengthening their research and innovation capabilities; ‘‘(5) the EPSCoR structure requires each participating State to develop a science and technology plan suited to State and local re-search, education, and economic interests and objectives; ‘‘(6) EPSCoR has been credited with ad-vancing the research competitiveness of par-ticipating States, improving awareness of science, promoting policies that link sci-entific investment and economic growth, and encouraging partnerships between govern-ment, industry, and academia; ‘‘(7) EPSCoR proposals are evaluated through a rigorous and competitive merit-re-view process to ensure that awarded research and development efforts meet high scientific standards; and ‘‘(8) according to the National Academy of Sciences, EPSCoR has strengthened the na-tional research infrastructure and enhanced the educational opportunities needed to de-velop the science and engineering work-force.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) since maintaining the Nation’s sci-entific and economic leadership requires the participation of talented individuals nation-wide, EPSCoR investments into State re-search and education capacities are in the Federal interest and should be sustained; and (B) EPSCoR should maintain its experi-mental component by supporting innovative methods for improving research capacity and competitiveness. (2) D
EFINITION OF EPSCOR .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘EPSCoR’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 502 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p note). (c) A
WARD STRUCTURE UPDATES .—Section 517 of the America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
WARD STRUCTURE UPDATES .—In im- plementing the mandate to maximize the impact of Federal EPSCoR support on build-ing competitive research infrastructure, and based on the inputs and recommendations of previous EPSCoR reviews, the head of each Federal agency administering an EPSCoR program shall— ‘‘(1) consider modifications to EPSCoR proposal solicitation, award type, and project evaluation— ‘‘(A) to more closely align with current agency priorities and initiatives; ‘‘(B) to focus EPSCoR funding on achieving critical scientific, infrastructure, and edu-cational needs of that agency; ‘‘(C) to encourage collaboration between EPSCoR-eligible institutions and research-ers, including with institutions and research-ers in other States and jurisdictions; ‘‘(D) to improve communication between State and Federal agency proposal reviewers; and ‘‘(E) to continue to reduce administrative burdens associated with EPSCoR; ‘‘(2) consider modifications to EPSCoR award structures— ‘‘(A) to emphasize long-term investments in building research capacity, potentially through the use of larger, renewable funding opportunities; and ‘‘(B) to allow the agency, States, and juris-dictions to experiment with new research and development funding models; and ‘‘(3) consider modifications to the mecha-nisms used to monitor and evaluate EPSCoR awards— ‘‘(A) to increase collaboration between EPSCoR-funded researchers and agency staff, including by providing opportunities for mentoring young researchers and for the use of Federal facilities; ‘‘(B) to identify and disseminate best prac-tices; and ‘‘(C) to harmonize metrics across partici-pating Federal agencies, as appropriate.’’. (d) REPORTS .— (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL REPORTS .—Section 517 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9), as amended, is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) by redesignating subsections (d) through (g) as subsections (c) through (f), re-spectively; (C) in subsection (c), as redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Experi-mental Programs to Stimulate Competitive Research’’ and inserting ‘‘EPSCoR’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraphs (A) and (E), by strik-ing ‘‘EPSCoR and Federal EPSCoR-like pro-grams’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR and other Federal EPSCoR-like programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; (III) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR or Federal EPSCoR-like pro-grams’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; and (IV) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘EPSCoR programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each EPSCoR’’; and (D) by amending subsection (d), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL AGENCY REPORTS .—Each Fed-eral agency that administers an EPSCoR shall submit to Congress, as part of its Fed-eral budget submission— ‘‘(1) a description of the program strategy and objectives; ‘‘(2) a description of the awards made in the previous fiscal year, including— ‘‘(A) the total amount made available, by State, under EPSCoR; ‘‘(B) the total amount of agency funding made available to all institutions and enti-ties within each EPSCoR State; ‘‘(C) the efforts and accomplishments to more fully integrate the EPSCoR States in major agency activities and initiatives; ‘‘(D) the percentage of EPSCoR reviewers from EPSCoR States; and ‘‘(E) the number of programs or large col-laborator awards involving a partnership of organizations and institutions from EPSCoR and non-EPSCoR States; and ‘‘(3) an analysis of the gains in academic research quality and competitiveness, and in science and technology human resource de-velopment, achieved by the program over the last 5 fiscal years.’’; and (E) in subsection (e)(1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘Experimental Program to Stimu-late Competitive Research or a program similar to the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research’’ and in-serting ‘‘EPSCoR’’. (2) R
ESULTS OF AWARD STRUCTURE PLAN .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the EPSCoR Interagency Coordinating Committee shall brief the ap-propriate committees of Congress on the up-dates made to the award structure under 517(f) of the America COMPETES Reauthor-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–9(f)), as amended by this subsection. (e) D
EFINITION OF EPSC OR.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7592 December 16, 2016 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 502 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p note) is amended by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) EPSC
OR.—The term ‘EPSCoR’ means— ‘‘(A) the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research established by the Foundation; or ‘‘(B) a program similar to the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research at another Federal agency.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g) is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
EXPERI -
MENTAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ESTABLISHED ’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘an Ex-perimental Program to Stimulate Competi-tive Research’’ and inserting ‘‘a program to stimulate competitive research (known as the ‘Established Program to Stimulate Com-petitive Research’)’’; and (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘the Program’’. 
SEC. 104. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH. 
(a) F OUNDATION CYBERSECURITY RE-
SEARCH .—Section 4(a)(1) of the Cyber Secu-rity Research and Development Act, as amended (15 U.S.C. 7403(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (O), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (P), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(Q) security of election-dedicated voting system software and hardware; and ‘‘(R) role of the human factor in cybersecu-rity and the interplay of computers and hu-mans and the physical world.’’. (b) NIST C
YBERSECURITY PRIORITIES .— (1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE AWARENESS .— The Director of NIST shall continue to raise public awareness of the voluntary, industry- led cybersecurity standards and best prac-tices for critical infrastructure developed under section 2(c)(15) of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(15)). (2) Q
UANTUM COMPUTING .—Under section 2(b) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(b)) and section 20 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-3), the Director of NIST shall— (A) research information systems for fu-ture cybersecurity needs; and (B) coordinate with relevant stakeholders to develop a process— (i) to research and identify or, if necessary, develop cryptography standards and guide-lines for future cybersecurity needs, includ-ing quantum-resistant cryptography stand-ards; and (ii) to provide recommendations to Con-gress, Federal agencies, and industry con-sistent with the National Technology Trans-fer and Advancement Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–113; 110 Stat. 775), for a secure and smooth transition to the standards under clause (i). (3) F
EDERAL INFORMATION SYSTEMS RE -
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 20(d)(3) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–3(d)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) conduct research and analysis— ‘‘(A) to determine the nature and extent of information security vulnerabilities and techniques for providing cost-effective infor-mation security; ‘‘(B) to review and determine prevalent in-formation security challenges and defi-ciencies identified by agencies or the Insti-tute, including any challenges or deficiencies described in any of the annual reports under section 3553 or 3554 of title 44, United States Code, and in any of the reports and the inde-pendent evaluations under section 3555 of that title, that may undermine the effective-ness of agency information security pro-grams and practices; and ‘‘(C) to evaluate the effectiveness and suffi-ciency of, and challenges to, Federal agen-cies’ implementation of standards and guide-lines developed under this section and poli-cies and standards promulgated under sec-tion 11331 of title 40, United States Code;’’. (4) VOTING .—Section 2(c) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (16) through (23) as paragraphs (17) through (24), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (15) the following: ‘‘(16) perform research to support the de-velopment of voluntary, consensus-based, in-dustry-led standards and recommendations on the security of computers, computer net-works, and computer data storage used in election systems to ensure voters can vote securely and privately.’’. 
SEC. 105. NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT UPDATE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Mod-ernization Act of 2016’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Section 2 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5501) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (2) and (5), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology, including high-performance com-puting,’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology, includ-ing high-performance computing’’; (c) P
URPOSES .—Section 3 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5502) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expanding Federal support for research, development, and application of high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘supporting Federal research, development, and application of networking and informa-tion technology’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology’’; (C) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); (D) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) stimulate research on and promote more rapid development of high-end com-puting systems software and applications software;’’; (E) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (H) as subparagraphs (D) through (G), respectively; (F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by inserting ‘‘high-end’’ after ‘‘the develop-ment of’’; (G) in subparagraphs (E) and (F), as redes-ignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (H) in subparagraph (G), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance’’ and insert-ing ‘‘high-end’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting and’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting network’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’. (d) DEFINITIONS .—Section 4 of the High- Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5503) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (3) and (5); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (8), and (9), respectively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) ‘cyber-physical systems’ means phys-ical or engineered systems whose networking and information technology functions and physical elements are deeply integrated and are actively connected to the physical world through sensors, actuators, or other means to enable safe and effective, real-time per-formance in safety-critical and other appli-cations;’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(4) ‘high-end computing’ means the most advanced and capable computing systems, including their hardware, storage, net-working and software, encompassing both massive computational capability and large- scale data analytics to solve computational problems of national importance that are be-yond the capability of small- to medium- scale systems, including computing formerly known as high-performance computing;’’; (6) by inserting after paragraph (5), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(6) ‘networking and information tech-nology’ means high-end computing, commu-nications, and information technologies, high-capacity and high-speed networks, spe-cial purpose and experimental systems, high- end computing systems software and applica-tions software, and the management of large data sets; ‘‘(7) ‘participating agency’ means an agen-cy described in section 101(a)(3)(C);’’; and (7) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Com-puting Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Program’’. (e) T
ITLE I HEADING .—The heading of title I of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘HIGH-PERFORMANCE COM-PUTING’’ and inserting ‘‘NETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ’’. (f) N
ETWORKING AND INFORMATION TECH-
NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 101 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
NA-
TIONAL HIGH -PERFORMANCE COMPUTING PRO -
GRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘ NETWORKING AND INFOR -
MATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT PROGRAM ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
ATIONAL HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING  P
ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘N ETWORKING AND  I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘National High-Performance Computing Program’’ and inserting ‘‘Net-working and Information Technology Re-search and Development Program’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7593 December 16, 2016 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, including net-working’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’; (iii) in subparagraphs (B) and (G), by strik-ing ‘‘high-performance’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end computing, distrib-uted, and networking’’; (v) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) provide for efforts to increase soft-ware security and reliability;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (H)— (I) by inserting ‘‘support and guidance’’ after ‘‘provide’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (vii) in subparagraph (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘improving the security’’ and inserting ‘‘improving the security, reli-ability, and resilience’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (viii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) provide for increased understanding of the scientific principles of cyber-physical systems and improve the methods available for the design, development, and operation of cyber-physical systems that are character-ized by high reliability, safety, and security; ‘‘(K) provide for research and development on human-computer interactions, visualiza-tion, and big data; ‘‘(L) provide for research and development on the enhancement of cybersecurity, includ-ing the human facets of cyber threats and se-cure cyber systems; ‘‘(M) provide for the understanding of the science, engineering, policy, and privacy pro-tection related to networking and informa-tion technology; ‘‘(N) provide for the transition of high-end computing hardware, system software, devel-opment tools, and applications into develop-ment and operations; and ‘‘(O) foster public-private collaboration among government, industry research lab-oratories, academia, and nonprofit organiza-tions to maximize research and development efforts and the benefits of networking and information technology, including high-end computing.’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) establish the goals and priorities for Federal networking and information tech-nology research, development, education, and other activities;’’; (ii) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) provide for interagency coordination of Federal networking and information tech-nology research, development, education, and other activities undertaken pursuant to the Program— ‘‘(i) among the participating agencies; and ‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, with other Federal agencies not described in paragraph (3)(C), other Federal and private research laboratories, industry, research entities, in-stitutions of higher education, relevant non-profit organizations, and international part-ners of the United States;’’; (iii) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) encourage and monitor the efforts of the agencies participating in the Program to allocate the level of resources and manage-ment attention necessary to ensure that the strategic plans under subsection (e) are de-veloped and executed effectively and that the objectives of the Program are met; and’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘high- performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), and (G), respectively; (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the nature and scope of research infrastructure designated as such under the Program;’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) the Department of Justice;’’; (II) by redesignating clauses (vii) through (xi) as clauses (viii) through (xii), respec-tively; (III) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity;’’; and (IV) by amending clause (viii), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) the National Archives and Records Administration;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘is submitted,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘each Program Component Area;’’ and inserting ‘‘each Program Compo-nent Area and research area supported in ac-cordance with section 102;’’; (v) by amending subparagraph (E), as re-designated, to read as follows: ‘‘(E) describe the levels of Federal funding for each participating agency, and for each Program Component Area, for the fiscal year during which such report is submitted, the levels for the previous fiscal year, and the levels proposed for the fiscal year with re-spect to which the budget submission ap-plies;’’; and (vi) by inserting after subparagraph (E), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(F) include a description of how the objec-tives for each Program Component Area, and the objectives for activities that involve multiple Program Component Areas, relate to the objectives of the Program identified in the strategic plans required under sub-section (e); and’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (ii) after the first sentence, by inserting the following: ‘‘Each chair of the advisory committee shall meet the qualifications of committee membership and may be a mem-ber of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing, networking tech-nology, and related software’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information technology’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘2’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Committee on Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘The first report shall be due within 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the America COMPETES Act.’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ERIODIC REVIEWS .—The heads of the participating agencies, working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall— ‘‘(1) periodically assess and update, as ap-propriate, the structure of the Program, in-cluding the Program Component Areas and associated contents, scope, and funding lev-els, taking into consideration any relevant recommendations of the advisory committee established under subsection (b); and ‘‘(2) ensure that such agency’s implementa-tion of the Program includes foundational, large-scale, long-term, and interdisciplinary information technology research and devel-opment activities, including activities de-scribed in section 102. ‘‘(e) STRATEGIC PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The heads of the partici-pating agencies, working through the Na-tional Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall develop and implement strategic plans to guide— ‘‘(A) emerging activities of Federal net-working and information technology re-search and development; and ‘‘(B) the activities described in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—The heads of the partici-pating agencies shall update the strategic plans as appropriate. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—Each strategic plan shall— ‘‘(A) specify near-term and long-term ob-jectives for the portions of the Program rel-evant to the strategic plan, the anticipated schedule for achieving the near-term and long-term objectives, and the metrics to be used for assessing progress toward the near- term and long-term objectives; ‘‘(B) specify how the near-term and long- term objectives complement research and de-velopment areas in which academia and the private sector are actively engaged; ‘‘(C) describe how the heads of the partici-pating agencies will support mechanisms for foundational, large-scale, long-term, and interdisciplinary information technology re-search and development and for Grand Chal-lenges, including through collaborations— ‘‘(i) across Federal agencies; ‘‘(ii) across Program Component Areas; and ‘‘(iii) with industry, Federal and private research laboratories, research entities, in-stitutions of higher education, relevant non-profit organizations, and international part-ners of the United States; ‘‘(D) describe how the heads of the partici-pating agencies will foster the rapid transfer of research and development results into new technologies and applications in the national interest, including through cooperation and collaborations with networking and informa-tion technology research, development, and technology transition initiatives supported by the States; and ‘‘(E) describe how the portions of the Pro-gram relevant to the strategic plan will ad-dress long-term challenges for which solu-tions require foundational, large-scale, long- term, and interdisciplinary information technology research and development. ‘‘(4) P
RIVATE SECTOR EFFORTS .—In devel- oping, implementing, and updating strategic plans, the heads of the participating agen-cies, working through the National Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall coordinate with industry, academia, and other interested stakeholders to ensure, to the extent practicable, that the Federal networking and information technology re-search and development activities carried out under this section do not duplicate the efforts of the private sector. ‘‘(5) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—In developing and updating strategic plans, the heads of the participating agencies shall solicit rec-ommendations and advice from— ‘‘(A) the advisory committee under sub-section (b); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7594 December 16, 2016 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Science and rel-evant subcommittees of the National Science and Technology Council; and ‘‘(C) a wide range of stakeholders, includ-ing industry, academia, National Labora-tories, and other relevant organizations and institutions. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—The heads of the partici-pating agencies, working through the Na-tional Science and Technology Council and the Program, shall submit to the advisory committee, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives— ‘‘(1) the strategic plans developed under subsection (e)(1); and ‘‘(2) each update under subsection (e)(2).’’. (g) N
ATIONAL RESEARCH AND EDUCATION  N
ETWORK .—Section 102 of the High-Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5512) is repealed. (h) N
EXT GENERATION INTERNET .—Section 103 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5513) is repealed. (i) G
RAND CHALLENGES IN AREAS OF NA-
TIONAL IMPORTANCE .—Title I of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5511 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 102. GRAND CHALLENGES IN AREAS OF NA-TIONAL IMPORTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Program shall en-courage the participating agencies to sup-port foundational, large-scale, long-term, interdisciplinary, and interagency informa-tion technology research and development activities in networking and information technology directed toward agency mission areas that have the potential for significant contributions to national economic competi-tiveness and for other significant societal benefits. Such activities, ranging from basic research to the demonstration of technical solutions, shall be designed to advance the development of fundamental discoveries. The advisory committee established under sec-tion 101(b) shall make recommendations to the Program for candidate research and de-velopment areas for support under this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) C
HARACTERISTICS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Research and develop-ment activities under this section shall— ‘‘(A) include projects selected on the basis of applications for support through a com-petitive, merit-based process; ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, involve col-laborations among researchers in institu-tions of higher education and industry, and may involve nonprofit research institutions and Federal laboratories, as appropriate; ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, leverage Federal investments through collaboration with related State and private sector initia-tives; and ‘‘(D) include a plan for fostering the trans-fer of research discoveries and the results of technology demonstration activities, includ-ing from institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories, to industry for com-mercial development. ‘‘(2) C
OST-SHARING .—In selecting applica-tions for support, the agencies may give spe-cial consideration to projects that include cost sharing from non-Federal sources.’’. (j) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 201 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5521) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘high-end’’ after ‘‘National Science Foundation shall provide’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ and all that follows through ‘‘net-working;’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology; and’’; (C) by striking paragraphs (2) through (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the National Science Foundation shall use its existing programs, in collaboration with other agencies, as appropriate, to im-prove the teaching and learning of net-working and information technology at all levels of education and to increase participa-tion in networking and information tech-nology fields, including by individuals iden-tified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a and 1885b).’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). (k) NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE AD-
MINISTRATION ACTIVITIES .—Section 202 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5522) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (2) by striking ‘‘high-performance com-puting’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and in-formation technology’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b). (l) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY ACTIVITIES .— Section 203 of the High-Performance Com-puting Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5523) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing and networking’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘high- performance’’ and inserting ‘‘high-end’’; and (4) by striking subsection (b). (m) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 204 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5524) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing systems and net-works’’ and inserting ‘‘networking and infor-mation technology systems and capabili-ties’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘inter-operability of high-performance computing systems in networks and for common user interfaces to systems’’ and inserting ‘‘inter-operability and usability of networking and information technology systems’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘high- performance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘H
IGH-PER-
FORMANCE COMPUTING AND NETWORK ’’ and in- serting ‘‘N
ETWORKING AND INFORMATION  T
ECHNOLOGY ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Pursuant to the Computer Security Act of 1987 (Public Law 100–235; 101 Stat. 1724), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘sensitive information in Federal computer systems’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal agency information and informa-tion systems’’; and (3) by striking subsections (c) and (d). (n) E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  A
CTIVITIES .—Section 205 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5525) is repealed. (o) R
OLE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF EDU-
CATION .—Section 206 of the High-Perform-ance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5526) is repealed. (p) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .—Section 207 of the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5527) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (5) of section 2315(a) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b)(6)(A)(i) of title 44’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘high-per-formance computing’’ and inserting ‘‘net-working and information technology’’. (q) REPEAL .—Section 208 of the High-Per-formance Computing Act of 1991 (15 U.S.C. 5528) is repealed. (r) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION RE-
SEARCH .—Section 4(b)(5)(K) of the Cyber Se-curity Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7403(b)(5)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘high-performance computing’’ and insert-ing ‘‘networking and information tech-nology’’. (s) N
ATIONAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 13202(b) of the America Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 17912(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘National High-Per-formance Computing Program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Networking and Information Tech-nology Research and Development Pro-gram’’. (t) F
EDERAL CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT .—Section 201(a)(4) of the Cy-bersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7431(a)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘clauses (i) through (x)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) through (xi)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘under clause (xi)’’ and in-serting ‘‘under clause (xii)’’. (u) A
DDITIONAL REPEAL .—Section 4 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5543) is repealed. 
SEC. 106. PHYSICAL SCIENCES COORDINATION. 
(a) H IGH-ENERGY PHYSICS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Physical Science Sub-committee of the National Science and Tech-nology Council (referred to in this section as ‘‘Subcommittee’’) shall continue to coordi-nate Federal efforts related to high-energy physics research to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of United States invest-ment in high-energy physics. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Sub-committee include— (A) to advise and assist the Committee on Science and the National Science and Tech-nology Council on United States policies, procedures, and plans in the physical sciences, including high-energy physics; and (B) to identify emerging opportunities, stimulate international cooperation, and fos-ter the development of the physical sciences in the United States, including— (i) in high-energy physics research, includ-ing related underground science and engi-neering research; (ii) in physical infrastructure and facili-ties; (iii) in information and analysis; and (iv) in coordination activities. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In regard to coordi-nating Federal efforts related to high-energy physics research, the Subcommittee shall, taking into account the findings and rec-ommendations of relevant advisory commit-tees— (A) provide recommendations on planning for construction and stewardship of large fa-cilities participating in high-energy physics; (B) provide recommendations on research coordination and collaboration among the programs and activities of Federal agencies related to underground science, neutrino re-search, dark energy, and dark matter re-search; (C) establish goals and priorities for high- energy physics, related underground science, and research and development that will strengthen United States competitiveness in high-energy physics; (D) propose methods for engagement with international, Federal, and State agencies and Federal laboratories not represented on the National Science and Technology Coun-cil to identify and reduce regulatory, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7595 December 16, 2016 
logistical, and fiscal barriers that inhibit United States leadership in high-energy physics and related underground science; and (E) develop, and update as necessary, a strategic plan to guide Federal programs and activities in support of high-energy physics research, including— (i) the efforts taken in support of para-graph (2) since the last strategic plan; (ii) an evaluation of the current research needs for maintaining United States leader-ship in high-energy physics; and (iii) an identification of future priorities in the area of high-energy physics. (b) R
ADIATION BIOLOGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Subcommittee shall continue to coordinate Federal efforts re-lated to radiation biology research to maxi-mize the efficiency and effectiveness of United States investment in radiation biol-ogy. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES FOR RADIATION BIOL -
OGY.—In regard to coordinating Federal ef-forts related to radiation biology research, the Subcommittee shall— (A) advise and assist the National Science and Technology Council on policies and ini-tiatives in radiation biology, including en-hancing scientific knowledge of the effects of low dose radiation on biological systems to improve radiation risk management meth-ods; (B) identify opportunities to stimulate international cooperation and leverage re-search and knowledge from sources outside of the United States; (C) ensure coordination between the De-partment of Energy Office of Science, Foun-dation, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, National Institutes of Health, Environmental Protection Agency, Depart-ment of Defense, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and Department of Homeland Secu-rity; (D) identify ongoing scientific challenges for understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation on biological systems; and (E) formulate overall scientific goals for the future of low-dose radiation research in the United States. (c) F
USION ENERGY SCIENCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Subcommittee shall continue to coordinate Federal efforts re-lated to fusion energy research to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of United States investment in fusion energy sciences. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES FOR FUSION ENERGY  
SCIENCES .—In regard to coordinating Federal efforts related to fusion energy sciences, the Subcommittee shall— (A) advise and assist the National Science and Technology Council on policies and ini-tiatives in fusion energy sciences, including enhancing scientific knowledge of fusion en-ergy science, plasma physics, and related materials sciences; (B) identify opportunities to stimulate international cooperation and leverage re-search and knowledge from sources outside of the United States, including the ITER project; (C) ensure coordination between the De-partment of Energy Office of Science, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, Foundation, and Department of Defense regarding fusion energy sciences and plasma physics; and (D) formulate overall scientific goals for the future of fusion energy sciences and plas-ma physics. 
SEC. 107. LABORATORY PROGRAM IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of NIST, acting through the Associate Director for Laboratory Programs, shall develop and im-plement a comprehensive strategic plan for laboratory programs that expands— (1) interactions with academia, inter-national researchers, and industry; and (2) commercial and industrial applications. (b) OPTIMIZING COMMERCIAL AND INDUS -
TRIAL APPLICATIONS .—In accordance with the purpose under section 1(b)(3) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271(b)(3)), the comprehensive stra-tegic plan shall— (1) include performance metrics for the dis-semination of fundamental research results, measurements, and standards research re-sults to industry, including manufacturing, and other interested parties; (2) document any positive benefits of re-search on the competitiveness of the inter-ested parties described in paragraph (1); (3) clarify the current approach to the technology transfer activities of NIST; and (4) consider recommendations from the Na-tional Academy of Sciences. 
SEC. 108. STANDARD REFERENCE DATA ACT UP-DATE. 
Section 2 of the Standard Reference Data Act (15 U.S.C. 290a) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘For the purposes of this Act: ‘‘(1) S
TANDARD REFERENCE DATA .—The term ‘standard reference data’ means data that is— ‘‘(A) either— ‘‘(i) quantitative information related to a measurable physical, or chemical, or biologi-cal property of a substance or system of sub-stances of known composition and structure; ‘‘(ii) measurable characteristics of a phys-ical artifact or artifacts; ‘‘(iii) engineering properties or perform-ance characteristics of a system; or ‘‘(iv) 1 or more digital data objects that serve— ‘‘(I) to calibrate or characterize the per-formance of a detection or measurement sys-tem; or ‘‘(II) to interpolate or extrapolate, or both, data described in subparagraph (A) through (C); and ‘‘(B) that is critically evaluated as to its reliability under section 3 of this Act. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Commerce.’’. 
SEC. 109. NSF MID-SCALE PROJECT INVEST-MENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Foundation funds major research facilities, infrastructure, and instrumenta-tion that provide unique capabilities at the frontiers of science and engineering. (2) Modern and effective research facilities, infrastructure, and instrumentation are crit-ical to maintaining United States leadership in science and engineering. (3) The costs of some proposed research in-strumentation, equipment, and upgrades to major research facilities fall between pro-grams currently funded by the Foundation, creating a gap between the established pa-rameters of the Major Research Instrumen-tation and Major Research Equipment and Facilities Construction programs, including projects that have been identified as cost-ef-fective additions of high priority to the ad-vancement of scientific understanding. (4) The 2010 Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal Survey recommended a mid-scale in-novations program. (b) M
ID-SCALE PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Foundation shall evaluate the existing and future needs, across all disciplines supported by the Foun-dation, for mid-scale projects. (2) S
TRATEGY .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall develop a strategy to address the needs identified in paragraph (1). (3) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Foundation shall provide a brief-ing to the appropriate committees of Con-gress on the evaluation under paragraph (1) and the strategy under paragraph (2). (4) D
EFINITION OF MID -SCALE PROJECTS .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘mid-scale projects’’ means research instrumentation, equipment, and upgrades to major research facilities or other research infrastructure in-vestments that exceed the maximum award funded by the major research instrumenta-tion program and are below the minimum award funded by the major research equip-ment and facilities construction program as described in section 507 of the AMERICA Competes Reauthorization Act of 2010 (Pub-lic Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 4008). 
SEC. 110. OVERSIGHT OF NSF MAJOR MULTI- USER RESEARCH FACILITY PROJECTS. 
(a) F ACILITIES OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall strengthen oversight and ac-countability over the full life-cycle of each major multi-user research facility project, including planning, development, procure-ment, construction, operations, and support, and shut-down of the facility, in order to maximize research investment. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Director shall— (A) prioritize the scientific outcomes of a major multi-user research facility project and the internal management and financial oversight of the major multi-user research facility project; (B) clarify the roles and responsibilities of all organizations, including offices, panels, committees, and directorates, involved in supporting a major multi-user research facil-ity project, including the role of the Major Research Equipment and Facilities Con-struction Panel; (C) establish policies and procedures for the planning, management, and oversight of a major multi-user research facility project at each phase of the life-cycle of the major multi-user research facility project; (D) ensure that policies for estimating and managing costs and schedules are consistent with the best practices described in the Gov-ernment Accountability Office Cost Esti-mating and Assessment Guide, the Govern-ment Accountability Office Schedule Assess-ment Guide, and the Office of Management and Budget Uniform Guidance (2 C.F.R. Part 200); (E) establish the appropriate project man-agement and financial management exper-tise required for Foundation staff to oversee each major multi-user research facility project effectively, including by improving project management training and certifi-cation; (F) coordinate the sharing of the best man-agement practices and lessons learned from each major multi-user research facility project; (G) continue to maintain a Large Facili-ties Office to support the research direc-torates in the development, implementation, and oversight of each major multi-user re-search facility project, including by— (i) serving as the Foundation’s primary re-source for all policy or process issues related to the development, implementation, and oversight of a major multi-user research fa-cility project; (ii) serving as a Foundation-wide resource on project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and non-technical aspects of project planning, budg-eting, implementation, management, and oversight; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7596 December 16, 2016 
(iii) coordinating and collaborating with research directorates to share best manage-ment practices and lessons learned from prior major multi-user research facility projects; and (iv) assessing each major multi-user re-search facility project for cost and schedule risk; and (H) appoint a senior agency official whose responsibility is oversight of the develop-ment, construction, and operations of major multi-user research facilities across the Foundation. (b) F
ACILITIES FULLLIFE-CYCLE COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c)(1), the Director of the Foundation shall require that any pre-award analysis of a major multi-user research facility project in-cludes the development and consideration of the full life-cycle cost (as defined in section 2 of the National Science Foundation Au-thorization Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 1862k note)) in accordance with section 14 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-4). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Based on the pre- award analysis described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Foundation shall include projected operational costs within the Foun-dation’s out-years as part of the President’s annual budget submission to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (c) C
OSTOVERSIGHT .— (1) P
RE-AWARD ANALYSIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation and the National Science Board may not approve or execute any agreement to start construction on any proposed major multi-user research facility project unless— (i) an external analysis of the proposed budget has been conducted to ensure the pro-posal is complete and reasonable; (ii) the analysis under clause (i) follows the Government Accountability Office Cost Esti-mating and Assessment Guide; (iii) except as provided under subparagraph (C), an analysis of the accounting systems has been conducted; (iv) an independent cost estimate of the construction of the project has been con-ducted using the same detailed technical in-formation as the project proposal estimate to determine whether the estimate is well- supported and realistic; and (v) the Foundation and the National Science Board have considered the analyses under clauses (i) and (iii) and the inde-pendent cost estimate under clause (iv) and resolved any major issues identified therein. (B) A
UDITS .—An external analysis under subparagraph (A)(i) may include an audit. (C) E
XCEPTION .—The Director of the Foun-dation, at the Director’s discretion, may waive the requirement under subparagraph (A)(iii) if a similar analysis of the account-ing systems was conducted in the prior years. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION OVERSIGHT .—The Director of the Foundation shall require for each major multi-user research facility project— (A) periodic external reviews on project management and performance; (B) adequate internal controls, policies, and procedures, and reliable accounting sys-tems in preparation for the incurred cost au-dits under subparagraph (D); (C) annual incurred cost submissions of fi-nancial expenditures; and (D) an incurred cost audit of the major multi-user research facility project in ac-cordance with Government Accountability Office Government Auditing Standards— (i) at least once during construction at a time determined based on risk analysis and length of the award, except that the length of time between audits may not exceed 3 years; and (ii) at the completion of the construction phase. (3) OPERATIONS COST ANALYSIS .—The Direc-tor of the Foundation shall require an inde-pendent cost analysis of the operational pro-posal for each major multi-user research fa-cility project. (d) C
ONTINGENCY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall strengthen internal controls to improve oversight of contingency on a major multi-user research facility project. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Director of the Foundation shall— (A) only include contingency amounts in an award in accordance with section 200.433 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations (relat-ing to contingency provisions), or any suc-cessor regulation; (B) retain control over funds budgeted for contingency, except that the Director may disburse budgeted contingency funds incre-mentally to the awardee to ensure project stability and continuity; (C) track contingency use; and (D) ensure that contingency amounts allo-cated to the performance baseline are rea-sonable and allowable. (e) U
SE OF FEES.— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) the use of taxpayer-funded award fees should be transparent and explicable; and (B) the Foundation should implement an award fee policy that ensures more trans-parency and accountability in the funding of necessary and appropriate expenses directly related to the construction and operation of major multi-user research facilities. (2) R
EPORTING AND RECORDKEEPING .—The Director of the Foundation shall establish guidelines for awardees regarding inappro-priate expenditures associated with all fee types used in cooperative agreements, in-cluding for alcoholic beverages, lobbying, meals or entertainment for non-business pur-poses, non-business travel, and any other purpose the Director determines is inappro-priate. (f) O
VERSIGHT IMPLEMENTATION  P
ROGRESS .—The Director of the Foundation shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the response to or progress made toward implementation of— (A) this section; (B) all of the issues and recommendations identified in cooperative agreement audit re-ports and memoranda issued by the Inspec-tor General of the Foundation in the last 5 years; and (C) all of the issues and recommendations identified by a panel of the National Acad-emy of Public Administration in the Decem-ber 2015 report entitled ‘‘National Science Foundation: Use of Cooperative Agreements to Support Large Scale Investment in Re-search’’; and (2) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, notify the appro-priate committees of Congress when the Foundation has implemented the rec-ommendations identified in a panel of the National Academy of Public Administration report issued December 2015. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. (2) MAJOR MULTI -USER RESEARCH FACILITY  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘‘major multi-user re-search facility project’’’ means a science and engineering facility project that— (A) exceeds the lesser of— (i) 10 percent of a Directorate’s annual budget; or (ii) $100,000,000 in total project costs; or (B) is funded by the major research equip-ment and facilities construction account, or any successor account. 
SEC. 111. PERSONNEL OVERSIGHT. 
(a) C ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—The Director of the Foundation shall update the policy and procedure of the Foundation relating to conflicts of interest to improve documenta-tion and management of any known conflict of interest of an individual on temporary as-signment at the Foundation, including an in-dividual on assignment under the Intergov-ernmental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). (b) J
USTIFICATIONS .—The Deputy Director of the Foundation shall submit annually to the appropriate committees of Congress written justification for each rotator em-ployed under the Intergovernmental Per-sonnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.), or other rotator employed, by the Foundation that year that is paid at a rate that exceeds the maximum rate of pay for the Senior Ex-ecutive Service, including, if applicable, the level of adjustment for the certified Senior Executive Service Performance Appraisal System. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Foundation shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the Foundation’s efforts to control costs as-sociated with employing rotators, including the results of and participation in the Foun-dation’s cost-sharing pilot program and the Foundation’s progress in responding to the findings and implementing the recommenda-tions of the Office of Inspector General of the Foundation related to the employment of ro-tators. 
SEC. 112. MANAGEMENT OF THE U.S. ANTARCTIC PROGRAM. 
(a) R EVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall continue to review the efforts by the Foundation to sustain and strengthen scientific efforts in the face of logistical challenges for the United States Antarctic Program. (2) I
SSUES TO BE EXAMINED .—In conducting the review, the Director shall examine, at a minimum, the following: (A) Implementation by the Foundation of issues and recommendations identified by— (i) the Inspector General of the National Science Foundation in audit reports and memoranda on the United States Antarctic Program in the last 4 years; (ii) the U.S. Antarctic Program Blue Rib-bon Panel report, More and Better Science in Antarctica through Increased Logistical Ef-fectiveness, issued July 23, 2012; and (iii) the National Research Council report, Future Science Opportunities in Antarctica and the Southern Ocean, issued September 2011. (B) Efforts by the Foundation to track its progress in addressing the issues and rec-ommendations under subparagraph (A). (C) Efforts by the Foundation to address other opportunities and challenges, includ-ing efforts on scientific research, coordina-tion with other Federal agencies and inter-national partners, logistics and transpor-tation, health and safety of participants, oversight and financial management of awardees and contractors, and resources and policy challenges. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall brief the appropriate committees of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7597 December 16, 2016 
Congress on the ongoing review, including findings and any recommendations. 
SEC. 113. NIST CAMPUS SECURITY. 
(a) S UPERVISORY AUTHORITY .—The Depart-ment of Commerce Office of Security shall directly manage the law enforcement and site security programs of NIST through an assigned Director of Security for NIST with-out increasing the number of full-time equiv-alent employees of the Department of Com-merce, including NIST. (b) R
EPORTS .—The Director of Security for NIST shall provide an activities and security report on a quarterly basis for the first year after the date of enactment of this Act, and on an annual basis thereafter, to the Under Secretary for Standards and Technology and the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 114. COORDINATION OF SUSTAINABLE CHEMISTRY RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) I MPORTANCE OF SUSTAINABLE CHEM-
ISTRY .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the science of chemistry is vital to im-proving the quality of human life and plays an important role in addressing critical glob-al challenges, including water quality, en-ergy, health care, and agriculture; (2) sustainable chemistry can reduce risks to human health and the environment, re-duce waste, improve pollution prevention, promote safe and efficient manufacturing, and promote efficient use of resources in de-veloping new materials, processes, and tech-nologies that support viable long-term solu-tions to a significant number of challenges; (3) sustainable chemistry can stimulate in-novation, encourage new and creative ap-proaches to problems, create jobs, and save money; and (4) a coordinated effort on sustainable chemistry will allow for a greater return on research investment in this area. (b) S
USTAINABLE CHEMISTRY BASIC RE-
SEARCH .—Subject to the availability of ap-propriated funds, the Director of the Founda-tion may continue to carry out the Sustain-able Chemistry Basic Research program au-thorized under section 509 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–3). 
SEC. 115. MISREPRESENTATION OF RESEARCH RESULTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—The Director of the Foundation may revise the regulations under part 689 of title 45, Code of Federal Regula-tions (relating to research misconduct) to ensure that the findings and conclusions of any article authored by a principal investi-gator, using the results of research con-ducted under a Foundation grant, that is published in a peer-reviewed publication, made publicly available, or incorporated in an application for a research grant or grant extension from the Foundation, does not contain any falsification, fabrication, or pla-giarism. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COMMUNICATION .—Upon a finding that research misconduct has oc-curred, the Foundation shall, in addition to any possible final action under section 689.3 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, no-tify other Federal science agencies of the finding. 
SEC. 116. RESEARCH REPRODUCIBILITY AND REPLICATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the gold standard of good science is the ability of a researcher or research laboratory to reproduce a published research finding, in-cluding methods; (2) there is growing concern that some pub-lished research findings cannot be repro-duced or replicated, which can negatively af-fect the public’s trust in science; (3) there are a complex set of factors af-fecting reproducibility and replication; and (4) the increasing interdisciplinary nature and complexity of scientific research may be a contributing factor to issues with research reproducibility and replication. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Foundation shall enter into an agreement with the National Research Council— (A) to assess research and data reproduc-ibility and replicability issues in inter-disciplinary research; (B) to make recommendations for improv-ing rigor and transparency in scientific re-search; and (C) to submit to the Director of the Foun-dation a report on the assessment, including its findings and recommendations, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date the Director of the Foundation receives the report under paragraph (1)(C), the Director shall submit the report to the appropriate committees of Congress, including a response from the Di-rector of the Foundation and the Chair of the National Science Board as to whether they agree with each of the findings and rec-ommendations in the report. 
SEC. 117. BRAIN RESEARCH THROUGH ADVANC-ING INNOVATIVE NEUROTECHNOLOGIES INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Foundation shall support research activities related to the interagency Brain Research through Advanc-ing Innovative Neurotechnologies Initiative. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Foundation should work in conjunction with the Interagency Work-ing Group on Neuroscience established by the National Science and Technology Coun-cil, Committee on Science to determine how to use the data infrastructure of the Founda-tion and other applicable Federal science agencies to help neuroscientists collect, standardize, manage, and analyze the large amounts of data that result from research attempting to understand how the brain functions. TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE AND REGULATORY BURDEN REDUCTION 
SEC. 201. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP ON RE-SEARCH REGULATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Research and Development Ef-ficiency Act’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Scientific and technological advance-ment have been the largest drivers of eco-nomic growth in the last 50 years, with the Federal Government being the largest inves-tor in basic research. (2) Substantial and increasing administra-tive burdens and costs in Federal research administration, particularly in the higher education sector where most federally fund-ed research is performed, are eroding funds available to carry out basic scientific re-search. (3) Federally funded grants are increas-ingly competitive, with the Foundation funding only approximately 1 in every 5 grant proposals. (4) Progress has been made over the last decade in streamlining the pre-award grant application process through the Federal Gov-ernment’s Grants.gov website. (5) Post-award administrative costs have increased as Federal research agencies have continued to impose agency-unique compli-ance and reporting requirements on re-searchers and research institutions. (6) Researchers spend as much as 42 per-cent of their time complying with Federal regulations, including administrative tasks such as applying for grants or meeting re-porting requirements. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) administrative burdens faced by re-searchers may be reducing the return on in-vestment of federally funded research and development; and (2) it is a matter of critical importance to United States competitiveness that adminis-trative costs of federally funded research be streamlined so that a higher proportion of federal funding is applied to direct research activities. (d) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in coordi-nation with the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, shall establish an interagency working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Working Group’’) for the purpose of re-ducing administrative burdens on federally funded researchers while protecting the pub-lic interest through the transparency of and accountability for federally funded activi-ties. (e) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (A) regularly review relevant, administra-tion-related regulations imposed on federally funded researchers; (B) recommend those regulations or proc-esses that may be eliminated, streamlined, or otherwise improved for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (d); (C) recommend ways to minimize the regu-latory burden on United States institutions of higher education performing federally funded research while maintaining account-ability for federal funding; and (D) recommend ways to identify and up-date specific regulations to refocus on per-formance-based goals rather than on process while achieving the outcome described in subparagraph (C). (2) G
RANT REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (i) conduct a comprehensive review of Fed-eral science agency grant proposal docu-ments; and (ii) develop, to the extent practicable, a simplified, uniform grant format to be used by all Federal science agencies. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the uniform grant format, the Working Group shall consider whether to implement— (i) procedures for preliminary project pro-posals in advance of peer-review selection; (ii) increased use of ‘‘Just-In-Time’’ proce-dures for documentation that does not bear directly on the scientific merit of a proposal; (iii) simplified initial budget proposals in advance of peer review selection; and (iv) detailed budget proposals for appli-cants that peer review selection identifies as likely to be funded. (3) C
ENTRALIZED RESEARCHER PROFILE DATA -
BASE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Working Group shall establish, to the extent practicable, a secure, centralized database for investigator biosketches, curriculum vitae, licenses, lists of publications, and other documents consid-ered relevant by the Working Group. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the centralized profile database under subpara-graph (A), the Working Group shall consider incorporating existing investigator data-bases. (C) G
RANT PROPOSALS .—To the extent prac-ticable, all grant proposals shall utilize the centralized investigator profile database es-tablished under subparagraph (A). (D) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each investigator shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7598 December 16, 2016 
(i) be responsible for ensuring the inves-tigator’s profile is current and accurate; and (ii) be assigned a unique identifier linked to the database and accessible to all Federal funding agencies. (4) C
ENTRALIZED ASSURANCES REPOSITORY .— The Working Group shall— (A) establish a central repository for all of the assurances required for Federal research grants; and (B) provide guidance to institutions of higher education and Federal science agen-cies on the use of the centralized assurances repository. (5) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall— (i) conduct a comprehensive review of the mandated progress reports for federally fund-ed research; and (ii) develop a strategy to simplify investi-gator progress reports. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the strategy, the Working Group shall consider limiting progress reports to performance outcomes. (f) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out its re-sponsibilities under subsection (e)(1), the Working Group shall consult with academic researchers outside the Federal Government, including— (1) federally funded researchers; (2) non-federally funded researchers; (3) institutions of higher education and their representative associations; (4) scientific and engineering disciplinary societies and associations; (5) nonprofit research institutions; (6) industry, including small businesses; (7) federally funded research and develop-ment centers; and (8) members of the public with a stake in ensuring effectiveness, efficiency, and ac-countability in the performance of scientific research. (g) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for 3 years, the Working Group shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on its respon-sibilities under this section, including a dis-cussion of the considerations described in paragraphs (2)(B), (3)(B), and (5)(B) of sub-section (e) and recommendations made under subsection (e)(1). 
SEC. 202. SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL COLLABO-RATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SCIENTIFIC AND TECH-
NICAL WORKSHOP .—In this section, the term ‘‘scientific and technical workshop’’ means a symposium, seminar, or any other organized, formal gathering where scientists or engi-neers working in STEM research and devel-opment fields assemble to coordinate, ex-change and disseminate information or to explore or clarify a defined subject, problem or area of knowledge in the STEM fields. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should encourage broad dissemination of Federal research findings and engagement of Federal re-searchers with the scientific and technical community; and (2) laboratory, test center, and field center directors and other similar heads of offices should approve scientific and technical workshop attendance if— (A) that attendance would meet the mis-sion of the laboratory or test center; and (B) sufficient laboratory or test center funds are available for that purpose. (c) A
TTENDANCE POLICIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the heads of the Federal science agen-cies shall each develop an action plan for the implementation of revisions and updates to their policies on attendance at scientific and technical workshops. (d) NIST WORKSHOPS .—Section 2(c) of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)), as amended by section 104 of this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (19) through (24) as paragraphs (22) through (27), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(19) host, participate in, and support sci-entific and technical workshops (as defined in section 202 of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act); ‘‘(20) collect and retain any fees charged by the Secretary for hosting a scientific and technical workshop described in paragraph (19); ‘‘(21) notwithstanding title 31 of the United States Code, use the fees described in para-graph (20) to pay for any related expenses, including subsistence expenses for partici-pants;’’. 
SEC. 203. NIST GRANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS UPDATE. 
Section 8(a) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The total amount of any such grant or cooperative agreement may not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the program.’’. 
SEC. 204. REPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE RE-PORTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE RE-
PORTS .— (1) NIST 
REPORTS .— (A) R
EPORT ON DONATION OF EDUCATIONALLY  
USEFUL FEDERAL EQUIPMENT TO SCHOOLS .— Section 6(b) of the Technology Administra-tion Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 272 note) is amend-ed— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GEN -
ERAL .—’’ and indenting appropriately; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2). (B) T
HREE -YEAR PROGRAMMATIC PLANNING  
DOCUMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Section 23 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278i) is amended by striking sub-sections (c) and (d). (ii) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 10(h)(1) of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1)) is amended by striking the last sentence. (2) M
ULTIAGENCY REPORT ON INNOVATION AC -
CELERATION RESEARCH .—Section 1008 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 6603) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). (3) NSF 
REPORTS .— (A) F
UNDING FOR SUCCESSFUL STEM EDU -
CATION PROGRAMS ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .— Section 7012 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o-4) is amended by striking subsection (c). (B) E
NCOURAGING PARTICIPATION ; EVALUA -
TION AND REPORT .—Section 7031 of the Amer-ica COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o-11) is amended by striking subsection (b). (C) M
ATH AND SCIENCE PARTNERSHIPS PRO -
GRAM COORDINATION REPORT .—Section 9(c) of the National Science Foundation Authoriza-tion Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n(c)) is amend-ed— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4). (b) N
ATIONAL NANOTECHNOLOGY INITIATIVE  R
EPORTS .—The 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501 et seq.) is amended— (1) by amending section 2(c)(4) (15 U.S.C. 7501(c)(4)) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) develop, not later than 5 years after the date of the release of the most-recent strategic plan, and update every 5 years thereafter, a strategic plan to guide the ac-tivities described under subsection (b) that describes— ‘‘(A) the near-term and long-term objec-tives for the Program; ‘‘(B) the anticipated schedule for achieving the near-term objectives; and ‘‘(C) the metrics that will be used to assess progress toward the near-term and long-term objectives; ‘‘(D) how the Program will move results out of the laboratory and into application for the benefit of society; ‘‘(E) the Program’s support for long-term funding for interdisciplinary research and development in nanotechnology; and ‘‘(F) the allocation of funding for inter-agency nanotechnology projects;’’; (2) by amending section 4(d) (15 U.S.C. 7503(d)) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the most recent assessment under subsection (c), and quadrennially thereafter, the Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to im-prove the Program.’’; and (3) in section 5 (15 U.S.C. 7504)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
TRIENNIAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘
QUADRENNIAL ’’; (B) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘triennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘tri-ennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘tri-ennial’’ and inserting ‘‘quadrennial’’; and (E) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date the first evaluation under sub-section (a) is received, and quadrennially thereafter, the Director of the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office shall re-port to the President its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. ‘‘(2) C
ONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date the President receives the re-port under paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a copy of the report to Con-gress.’’. (c) M
AJOR RESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FA-
CILITIES CONSTRUCTION .—Section 14 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-4) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
RIORITIZATION OF PROPOSED MAJOR R
ESEARCH EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES CON-
STRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF PRIORITIES .—The Di- rector shall— ‘‘(A) develop a list indicating by number the relative priority for funding under the major research equipment and facilities con-struction account that the Director assigns to each project the Board has approved for inclusion in a future budget request; and ‘‘(B) submit the list described in subpara-graph (A) to the Board for approval. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—The Director shall include in the criteria for developing the list under paragraph (1) the readiness of plans for con-struction and operation, including con-fidence in the estimates of the full life-cycle cost (as defined in section 2 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1998 (42 U.S.C. 1862k note)) and the proposed schedule of completion. ‘‘(3) U
PDATES .—The Director shall update the list prepared under paragraph (1) each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7599 December 16, 2016 
time the Board approves a new project that would receive funding under the major re-search equipment and facilities construction account and periodically submit any updated list to the Board for approval.’’; (2) by striking subsection (e); (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) by amending subsection (c), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(c) B
OARD APPROVAL OF MAJOR RESEARCH  E
QUIPMENT AND FACILITIES PROJECTS .—The Board shall explicitly approve any project to be funded out of the major research equip-ment and facilities construction account be-fore any funds may be obligated from such account for such project.’’. 
SEC. 205. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ECHNOLOGY INNOVATION PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 28 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278n) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) A
DDITIONAL AWARD CRITERIA .—Section 4226(b) of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 278n note) is repealed. (B) M
ANAGEMENT COSTS .—Section 2(d) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 25, 26, and 28’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 25 and 26’’. (C) A
NNUAL AND OTHER REPORTS TO SEC -
RETARY AND CONGRESS .—Section 10(h)(1) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘, including the Pro-gram established under section 28,’’. (b) T
EACHERS FOR A COMPETITIVE TOMOR -
ROW.—Sections 6111 through 6116 of the America COMPETES Act (20 U.S.C. 9811, 9812, 9813, 9814, 9815, 9816) and the items relat-ing to those sections in the table of contents under section 2 of that Act (Public Law 110- 69; 121 Stat. 572) are repealed. 
SEC. 206. GRANT SUBRECIPIENT TRANSPARENCY AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Foundation shall prepare and submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress an audit of the Founda-tion’s policies and procedures governing the monitoring of pass-through entities with re-spect to subrecipients. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include the following: (1) Information regarding the Foundation’s process to oversee— (A) the compliance of pass-through entities under section 200.331 and subpart F of part 200 of chapter II of subtitle A of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, and the other re-quirements of that title for subrecipients; (B) whether pass-through entities have processes and controls in place regarding fi-nancial compliance of subrecipients, where appropriate; and (C) whether pass-through entities have processes and controls in place to maintain approved grant objectives for subrecipients, where appropriate. (2) Recommendations, if necessary, to in-crease transparency and oversight while bal-ancing administrative burdens. 
SEC. 207. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD FOR PROCUREMENT SOLICITATIONS BY RESEARCH INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) M ICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—The micro-purchase threshold for procurement activities administered under sections 6303 through 6305 of title 31, United States Code, awarded by the Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or the National Institute of Standards and Technology to institutions of higher edu-cation, or related or affiliated nonprofit en-tities, or to nonprofit research organizations or independent research institutes is— (1) $10,000 (as adjusted periodically to ac-count for inflation); or (2) such higher threshold as determined ap-propriate by the head of the relevant execu-tive agency and consistent with audit find-ings under chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, internal institutional risk as-sessment, or State law. (b) UNIFORM GUIDANCE .—The Uniform Guidance shall be revised to conform with the requirements of this section. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Uniform Guidance’’ means the uniform ad-ministrative requirements, cost principles, and audit requirements for Federal awards contained in part 200 of title 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 208. COORDINATION OF INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PART-NERSHIPS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2016’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish a body under the National Science and Technology Council with the re-sponsibility to identify and coordinate inter-national science and technology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology enterprise, improve economic and national security, and support United States foreign policy goals. (c) NSTC B
ODYLEADERSHIP .—The body es-tablished under subsection (b) shall be co- chaired by senior level officials from the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy and the Department of State. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The body estab-lished under subsection (b) shall— (1) plan and coordinate interagency inter-national science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partner-ships supported or managed by Federal agen-cies; (2) work with other National Science and Technology Council committees to help plan and coordinate the international component of national science and technology prior-ities; (3) establish Federal priorities and policies for aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships sup-ported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; (4) identify opportunities for new inter-national science and technology cooperative research and training partnerships that ad-vance both the science and technology and the foreign policy priorities of the United States; (5) in carrying out paragraph (4), solicit input and recommendations from non-Fed-eral science and technology stakeholders, in-cluding institutions of higher education, sci-entific and professional societies, industry, and other relevant organizations and institu-tions; and (6) identify broad issues that influence the ability of United States scientists and engi-neers to collaborate with foreign counter-parts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives a biennial report on the requirements of this section. (f) W
EBSITE .—The Director shall make each report available to the public on the Office of Science and Technology Policy website. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The body established under subsection (b) shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (h) ADDITIONAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that lists and describes the details of all foreign travel by Office of Science and Technology Policy staff and detailees. TITLE III—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH EDUCATION 
SEC. 301. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLAR-SHIP PROGRAM UPDATE. 
Section 10A of the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) STEM T
EACHER SERVICE AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall de-velop and implement practices for increasing the proportion of individuals receiving fel-lowships under this section who— ‘‘(A) fulfill the service obligation required under subsection (h); and ‘‘(B) remain in the teaching profession in a high need local educational agency beyond the service obligation. ‘‘(2) P
RACTICES .—The practices described under paragraph (1) may include— ‘‘(A) partnering with nonprofit or profes-sional associations or with other government entities to provide individuals receiving fel-lowships under this section with opportuni-ties for professional development, including mentorship programs that pair those individ-uals with currently employed and recently retired science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or computer science profes-sionals; ‘‘(B) increasing recruitment from high need districts; ‘‘(C) establishing a system to better col-lect, track, and respond to data on the career decisions of individuals receiving fellowships under this section; ‘‘(D) conducting research to better under-stand factors relevant to teacher service and retention, including factors specifically im-pacting the retention of teachers who are in-dividuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportu-nities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b); and ‘‘(E) conducting pilot programs to improve teacher service and retention.’’. 
SEC. 302. SPACE GRANTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the National Space Grant Col-lege and Fellowship Program has been an im-portant program by which the Federal Gov-ernment has partnered with universities, col-leges, industry, and other organizations to provide hands-on STEM experiences, fos-tering of multidisciplinary space research, and supporting graduate fellowships in space-related fields, among other purposes. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Section 40303 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION COSTS.—In carrying out the provisions of this chapter, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) shall maximize appropriated funds for grants and contracts made under section 40304 in each fiscal year; and ‘‘(2) in each fiscal year, the Administrator shall limit its program administration costs to no more than 5 percent of funds appro-priated for this program for that fiscal year. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—For any fiscal year in which the Administrator cannot meet the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7600 December 16, 2016 
administration cost target under subsection (d)(2), if the Administration is unable to limit program costs under subsection (b), the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report, in-cluding— ‘‘(1) a description of why the Adminis-trator did not meet the cost target under subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) the measures the Administrator will take in the next fiscal year to meet the cost target under subsection (d) without drawing upon other Federal funding.’’. 
SEC. 303. STEM EDUCATION ADVISORY PANEL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment this Act, the Director of the Foundation, Secretary of Education, Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall jointly es-tablish an advisory panel (referred to in this section as the ‘‘STEM Education Advisory Panel’’) to advise the Committee on STEM Education of the National Science and Tech-nology Council (referred to in this section as ‘‘CoSTEM’’) on matters relating to STEM education. (b) M
EMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The STEM Education Ad-visory Panel shall be composed of not less than 11 members. (2) A
PPOINTMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Director of the Foundation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Education and the heads of the Federal science agen-cies, shall appoint the members of the STEM Education Advisory Panel. (B) C
ONSIDERATION .—In selecting individ-uals to appoint under subparagraph (A), the Director of the Foundation shall seek and give consideration to recommendations from Congress, industry, the scientific commu-nity, including the National Academy of Sciences, scientific professional societies, academia, State and local governments, or-ganizations representing individuals identi-fied in section 33 or section 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b), and such other organiza-tions as the Director considers appropriate. (C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members shall— (i) primarily be individuals from academic institutions, nonprofit organizations, and in-dustry, including in-school, out-of-school, and informal education practitioners; and (ii) be individuals who are qualified to pro-vide advice and information on STEM edu-cation research, development, training, im-plementation, interventions, professional de-velopment, or workforce needs or concerns. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The STEM Education Ad-visory Panel shall— (A) advise CoSTEM; (B) periodically assess CoSTEM’s progress in carrying out its responsibilities under sec-tion 101(b) of the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)); and (C) help identify any need or opportunity to update the strategic plan under section 101(b) of that Act. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In its advisory role, the STEM Education Advisory Panel shall consider— (A) the management, coordination, and im-plementation of STEM education programs and activities across the Federal Govern-ment; (B) the appropriateness of criteria used by Federal agencies to evaluate the effective-ness of Federal STEM education programs and activities; (C) whether societal and workforce con-cerns are adequately addressed by current Federal STEM education programs and ac-tivities; (D) how Federal agencies can incentivize institutions of higher education to improve retention of STEM students; (E) ways to leverage private and nonprofit STEM investments and encourage public-pri-vate partnerships to strengthen STEM edu-cation and help build the STEM workforce pipeline; (F) ways to incorporate workforce needs into Federal STEM education programs and activities, particularly for specific employ-ment fields of national interest and employ-ment fields experiencing high unemployment rates; (G) ways to better vertically and hori-zontally integrate Federal STEM education programs and activities from pre-kinder-garten through graduate study and the work-force, and from in-school to out-of-school in order to improve transitions for students moving through the STEM education and workforce pipelines; (H) the extent to which Federal STEM edu-cation programs and activities are contrib-uting to recruitment and retention of indi-viduals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportuni-ties Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b) in the STEM education and workforce pipelines; and (I) ways to encourage geographic diversity in the STEM education and the workforce pipelines. (3) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The STEM Edu-cation Advisory Panel shall make rec-ommendations to improve Federal STEM education programs and activities based on each assessment under paragraph (1)(B). (d) F
UNDING .—The Director of the Founda-tion, the Secretary of Education, the Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration shall jointly make funds available on an annual basis to support the activities of the STEM Education Advi-sory Panel. (e) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and after each assessment under subsection (c)(1)(B), the STEM Education Advisory Panel shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and CoSTEM a report on its assess-ment under that subsection and its rec-ommendations under subsection (c)(3). (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL  M
EMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Non-Federal members of the STEM Education Advisory Panel, while attending meetings of the panel or while oth-erwise serving at the request of a co-chair-person away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the STEM Advisory Panel who are officers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The STEM Education Advisory Panel established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date that it is established. 
SEC. 304. COMMITTEE ON STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 101(b) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) collaborate with the STEM Education Advisory Panel established under section 303 of the American Innovation and Competi-tiveness Act and other outside stakeholders to ensure the engagement of the STEM edu-cation community; ‘‘(8) review the measures used by a Federal agency to evaluate its STEM education ac-tivities and programs; ‘‘(9) request and review feedback from States on how the States are utilizing Fed-eral STEM education programs and activi-ties; and ‘‘(10) recommend the reform, termination, or consolidation of Federal STEM education activities and programs, taking into consid-eration the recommendations of the STEM Education Advisory Panel.’’. (b) REPORTS .—Section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF  OSTP.—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBIL -
ITIES OF OSTP.—’’; and (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) a description of all consolidations and terminations of Federal STEM education programs and activities implemented in the previous fiscal year, including an expla-nation for the consolidations and termi-nations; ‘‘(7) recommendations for reforms, consoli-dations, and terminations of STEM edu-cation programs or activities in the upcom-ing fiscal year; and ‘‘(8) a description of any significant new STEM education public-private partner-ships.’’. 
SEC. 305. PROGRAMS TO EXPAND STEM OPPOR-TUNITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Economic projections by the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicate that by 2018, there could be 2,400,000 unfilled STEM jobs. (2) Women represent slightly more than half the United States population, and pro-jections indicate that 54 percent of the popu-lation will be a member of a racial or ethnic minority group by 2050. (3) Despite representing half the popu-lation, women comprise only about 30 per-cent of STEM workers according to a 2015 re-port by the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics. (4) A 2014 National Center for Education Statistics study found that underrepresented populations leave the STEM fields at higher rates than their counterparts. (5) The representation of women in STEM drops significantly at the faculty level. Over-all, women hold only 25 percent of all tenured and tenure-track positions and 17 percent of full professor positions in STEM fields in our Nation’s universities and 4-year colleges. (6) Black and Hispanic faculty together hold about 6.5 percent of all tenured and ten-ure-track positions and 5 percent of full pro-fessor positions. (7) Many of the numbers in the American Indian or Alaskan Native and Native Hawai-ian or Other Pacific Islander categories for different faculty ranks were too small for the Foundation to report publicly without potentially compromising confidential infor-mation about the individuals being surveyed. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is critical to our Nation’s economic leadership and global competitiveness that the United States educate, train, and retain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7601 December 16, 2016 
more scientists, engineers, and computer sci-entists; (2) there is currently a disconnect between the availability of and growing demand for STEM-skilled workers; (3) historically, underrepresented popu-lations are the largest untapped STEM tal-ent pools in the United States; and (4) given the shifting demographic land-scape, the United States should encourage full participation of individuals from under-represented populations in STEM fields. (c) R
EAFFIRMATION .—The Director of the Foundation shall continue to support pro-grams designed to broaden participation of underrepresented populations in STEM fields. (d) G
RANTS TO BROADEN PARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall award grants on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis, to eligible entities to increase the participation of underrep-resented populations in STEM fields, includ-ing individuals identified in section 33 or sec-tion 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b). (2) C
ENTER OF EXCELLENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Grants awarded under this subsection may include grants for the establishment of a Center of Excellence to collect, maintain, and disseminate informa-tion to increase participation of underrep-resented populations in STEM fields. (B) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of a Center of Excellence under this subsection is to pro-mote diversity in STEM fields by building on the success of the INCLUDES programs, pro-viding technical assistance, maintaining best practices, and providing related training at federally funded academic institutions. (e) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND DISSEMINATION .— (1) E
VALUATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Foundation shall evaluate the grants provided under this section. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the evaluation under subparagraph (A), the Di-rector shall— (i) use a common set of benchmarks and assessment tools to identify best practices and materials developed or demonstrated by the research; and (ii) to the extent practicable, combine the research resulting from the grant activity under subsection (e) with the current re-search on serving underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8. (2) R
EPORT ON EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Director of the Foundation shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress and make widely available to the public a report that includes— (A) the results of the evaluation; and (B) any recommendations for administra-tive and legislative action that could opti-mize the effectiveness of the program. (f) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Director of the Foundation shall consult and cooperate with the programs and policies of other relevant Federal agencies to avoid duplication with and enhance the ef-fectiveness of the program under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 306. NIST EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
(a) R EPEAL .—The National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by striking section 18 (15 U.S.C. 278g-1). (b) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH .—The Na- tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.), as amended, is fur-ther amended by inserting after section 17, the following: ‘‘SEC. 18. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director is author-ized to expend funds appropriated for activi-ties of the Institute in any fiscal year, to support, promote, and coordinate activities and efforts to enhance public awareness and understanding of measurement sciences, standards and technology at the national measurement laboratories and otherwise in fulfillment of the mission of the Institute. The Director may carry out activities under this subsection, including education and out-reach activities to the general public, indus-try and academia in support of the Insti-tute’s mission. ‘‘(b) H
IRING .—The Director, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, may revise the procedures the Director applies when making appointments to laboratory positions within the competi-tive service— ‘‘(1) to ensure corporate memory of and ex-pertise in the fundamental ongoing work, and on developing new capabilities in pri-ority areas; ‘‘(2) to maintain high overall technical competence; ‘‘(3) to improve staff diversity; ‘‘(4) to balance emphases on the noncore and core areas; or ‘‘(5) to improve the ability of the Institute to compete in the marketplace for qualified personnel. ‘‘(c) V
OLUNTEERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may estab-lish a program to use volunteers in carrying out the programs of the Institute. ‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE OF PERSONNEL .—The Di- rector may accept, subject to regulations issued by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, voluntary service for the Institute for such purpose if the service— ‘‘(A) is to be without compensation; and ‘‘(B) will not be used to displace any cur-rent employee or act as a substitute for any future full-time employee of the Institute. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEE STATUS .—Any indi- vidual who provides voluntary service under this subsection shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for purposes of chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code (re-lating to compensation for injury), and sec-tions 2671 through 2680 of title 28, United States Code (relating to tort claims). ‘‘(d) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may expend funds appropriated for activities of the Insti-tute in any fiscal year, as the Director con-siders appropriate, for awards of research fel-lowships and other forms of financial and logistical assistance, including direct sti-pend awards to— ‘‘(A) students at institutions of higher learning within the United States who show promise as present or future contributors to the mission of the Institute; and ‘‘(B) United States citizens for research and technical activities of the Institute, in-cluding programs. ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The selection of persons to receive such fellowships and as-sistance shall be made on the basis of ability and of the relevance of the proposed work to the mission and programs of the Institute. ‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL AND LOGISTICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—Notwithstanding section 1345 of title 31, United States Code, or any other law to the contrary, the Director may include as a form of financial or logistical assistance under this subsection temporary housing and transportation to and from Institute facili-ties. ‘‘(e) E
DUCATIONAL OUTREACH ACTIVITIES .— The Director may— ‘‘(1) facilitate education programs for un-dergraduate and graduate students, postdoctoral researchers, and academic and industry employees; ‘‘(2) sponsor summer workshops for STEM kindergarten through grade 12 teachers as appropriate; ‘‘(3) develop programs for graduate student internships and visiting faculty researchers; ‘‘(4) document publications, presentations, and interactions with visiting researchers and sponsoring interns as performance metrics for improving and continuing inter-actions with those individuals; and ‘‘(5) facilitate laboratory tours and provide presentations for educational, industry, and community groups.’’. (c) POST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— Section 19 of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-2) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 19. POST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Institute and the National Academy of Sciences, jointly, shall establish and conduct a post-doctoral fellow-ship program, subject to the availability of appropriations. ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION .—The post-doctoral fel-lowship program shall include not less than 20 new fellows per fiscal year. ‘‘(c) E
VALUATIONS .—In evaluating applica-tions for post-doctoral fellowships under this section, the Director of the Institute and the President of the National Academy of Sciences shall give consideration to the goal of promoting the participation of individuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b) in research areas sup-ported by the Institute.’’. (d) S
AVINGS CLAUSES .— (1) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS AND OTHER FI -
NANCIAL ASSISTANCE TO STUDENTS AT INSTI -
TUTES OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The repeal made by subsection (a) of this section shall not affect any award of a research fellowship or other form of financial assistance made under section 18 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-1) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such award shall continue to be subject to the requirements to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) P
OST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— The amendment made by subsection (c) of this section shall not affect any award of a post-doctoral fellowship or other form of fi-nancial assistance made under section 19 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g-2) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such awards shall continue to be subject to the require-ments to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 307. PRESIDENTIAL AWARDS FOR EXCEL-LENCE IN STEM MENTORING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall continue to administer awards on behalf of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy to recognize outstanding men-toring in STEM fields. (b) A
NNUAL AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Direc-tor of the Foundation shall provide Congress with a list of award recipients, including the name, institution, and a brief synopsis of the impact of the mentoring efforts. 
SEC. 308. WORKING GROUP ON INCLUSION IN STEM FIELDS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Office of Science and Technology Policy, in collaboration with Federal departments and agencies, shall es-tablish an interagency working group to compile and summarize available research and best practices on how to promote diver-sity and inclusions in STEM fields and exam-ine whether barriers exist to promoting di-versity and inclusion within Federal agen-cies employing scientists and engineers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7602 December 16, 2016 
(b) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group shall be responsible for reviewing and assess-ing research, best practices, and policies across Federal science agencies related to the inclusion of individuals identified in sec-tions 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineer-ing Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b) in the Federal STEM workforce, in-cluding available research and best practices on how to promote diversity and inclusion in STEM fields, including— (1) policies providing flexibility for sci-entists and engineers that are also care-givers, particularly on the timing of research grants; (2) policies to address the proper handling of claims of sexual harassment; (3) policies to minimize the effects of im-plicit bias and other systemic factors in hir-ing, promotion, evaluation and the work-place in general; and (4) other evidence-based strategies that the working group considers effective for pro-moting diversity and inclusion in the STEM fields. (c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In carrying out the responsibilities under section (b), the working group shall solicit and consider input and recommendations from non-Fed-eral stakeholders, including— (1) the Council of Advisors on Science and Technology; (2) federally funded and non-federally fund-ed researchers, institutions of higher edu-cation, scientific disciplinary societies, and associations; (3) nonprofit research institutions; (4) industry, including small businesses; (5) federally funded research and develop-ment centers; (6) non-governmental organizations; and (7) such other members of the public inter-ested in promoting a diverse and inclusive Federal STEM workforce. (d) P
UBLIC REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the working group shall publish a report on the review and as-sessment under subsection (b), including a summary of available research and best practices, any recommendations for Federal actions to promote a diverse and inclusive Federal STEM workforce, and updates on the implementation of previous recommenda-tions for Federal actions. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The interagency work-ing group established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date that it is established. 
SEC. 309. IMPROVING UNDERGRADUATE STEM EXPERIENCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that each Federal science agency should invest in and expand research oppor-tunities for undergraduate students attend-ing institutions of higher education during the undergraduate students’ first 2 academic years of postsecondary education. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the President recommendations regarding how the agency could best fulfill the goals described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 310. COMPUTER SCIENCE EDUCATION RE-SEARCH. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that as the lead Federal agency for building the research knowledge base for computer science edu-cation, the Foundation is well positioned to make investments that will accelerate ongo-ing efforts to enable rigorous and engaging computer science throughout the Nation as an integral part of STEM education. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Foun-dation shall award grants to eligible entities to research computer science education and computational thinking. (2) RESEARCH .—The research described in paragraph (1) may include the development or adaptation, piloting or full implementa-tion, and testing of— (A) models of preservice preparation for teachers who will teach computer science and computational thinking; (B) scalable and sustainable models of pro-fessional development and ongoing support for the teachers described in subparagraph (A); (C) tools and models for teaching and learning aimed at supporting student success and inclusion in computing within and across diverse populations, particularly poor, rural, and tribal populations and other popu-lations that have been historically underrep-resented in computer science and STEM fields; and (D) high-quality learning opportunities for teaching computer science and, especially in poor, rural, or tribal schools at the elemen-tary school and middle school levels, for in-tegrating computational thinking into STEM teaching and learning. (c) C
OLLABORATIONS .—In carrying out the grants established in subsection (b), eligible entities may collaborate and partner with local or remote schools to support the inte-gration of computing and computational thinking within pre-kindergarten through grade 12 STEM curricula and instruction. (d) M
ETRICS .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall develop metrics to measure the success of the grant program funded under this section in achieving program goals. (e) R
EPORT .—The Director of the Founda-tion shall report, in the annual budget sub-mission to Congress, on the success of the program as measured by the metrics in sub-section (d). (f) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means an institution of higher education or a non-profit research organization. 
SEC. 311. INFORMAL STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) N ATIONAL STEM P ARTNERSHIP  G
RANTS .—Section 3(a) of the STEM Edu-cation Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 1862q(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) a national partnership of institutions involved in informal STEM learning.’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Section 3(b) of the STEM Education Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 1862q(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) fostering on-going partnerships be-tween institutions involved in informal STEM learning, institutions of higher edu-cation, and education research centers; and ‘‘(4) developing, and making available in-formal STEM education activities and edu-cational materials.’’. 
SEC. 312. DEVELOPING STEM APPRENTICESHIPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The lack of data on the return on in-vestment for United States employers using registered apprenticeships makes it dif-ficult— (A) to communicate the value of these pro-grams to businesses; and (B) to expand registered apprenticeships. (2) The lack of data on the value and im-pact of employer-provided worker training, which is likely substantial, hinders the abil-ity of the Federal Government to formulate policy related to workforce training. (3) The Secretary of Commerce has initi-ated— (A) the first study on the return on invest-ment for United States employers using reg-istered apprenticeships through case studies of firms in various sectors, occupations, and geographic locations to provide the business community with data on employer benefits and costs; and (B) discussions with officials at relevant Federal agencies about the need to collect comprehensive data on— (i) employer-provided worker training; and (ii) existing tools that could be used to col-lect such data. (b) DEVELOPMENT OF APPRENTICESHIP IN-
FORMATION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall continue to research the value to busi-nesses of utilizing apprenticeship programs, including— (1) evidence of return on investment of ap-prenticeships, including estimates for the average time it takes a business to recover the costs associated with training appren-tices; and (2) data from the United States Census Bu-reau and other statistical surveys on em-ployer-provided training, including appren-ticeships and other on-the-job training and industry-recognized certification programs. (c) D
ISSEMINATION OF APPRENTICESHIP IN-
FORMATION .—The Secretary of Commerce shall disseminate findings from research on apprenticeships to businesses and other rel-evant stakeholders, including— (1) institutions of higher education; (2) State and local chambers of commerce; and (3) workforce training organizations. (d) N
EW APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAM  S
TUDY .—The Secretary of Commerce may collaborate with the Secretary of Labor to study approaches for reducing the cost of creating new apprenticeship programs and hosting apprentices for businesses, particu-larly small businesses, including— (1) training sharing agreements; (2) group training models; and (3) pooling resources and best practices. (e) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRA -
TION GRANTS .—The Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 28. STEM APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce may carry out a grant program to identify the need for skilled science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (re-ferred to in this section as ‘STEM’) workers and to expand STEM apprenticeship pro-grams. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘eligible recipient’ means— ‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) an Indian tribe; ‘‘(3) a city or other political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(4) an entity that— ‘‘(A) is a nonprofit organization, an insti-tution of higher education, a public-private partnership, a science or research park, a Federal laboratory, or an economic develop-ment organization or similar entity; and ‘‘(B) has an application that is supported by a State, a political subdivision of a State, or a native organization; or ‘‘(5) a consortium of any of the entities de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (5). ‘‘(c) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT GRANTS .—The Sec- retary of Commerce may provide a grant to an eligible recipient to conduct a needs as-sessment to identify— ‘‘(1) the unmet need of a region’s employer base for skilled STEM workers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7603 December 16, 2016 
‘‘(2) the potential of STEM apprenticeships to address the unmet need described in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(3) any barriers to addressing the unmet need described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) A
PPRENTICESHIP EXPANSION GRANTS .— The Secretary of Commerce may provide a grant to an eligible recipient that has con-ducted a needs assessment as described in subsection (c)(1) to develop infrastructure to expand STEM apprenticeship programs.’’. 
SEC. 313. NSF REPORT ON BROADENING PARTICI-PATION. 
Section 204(e) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1885c(e)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Every 2 years, the Committee shall prepare and submit to the Director a report on its activities during the previous 2 years and proposed activities for the next 2 years. The Director shall submit to Congress the report, unaltered, together with such comments as the Director con-siders appropriate, including— ‘‘(1) review data on the participation in Foundation activities of institutions serving populations that are underrepresented in STEM disciplines, including poor, rural, and tribal populations; and ‘‘(2) recommendations regarding how the Foundation could improve outreach and in-clusion of these populations in Foundation activities.’’. 
SEC. 314. NOAA SCIENCE EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4002(a) of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘agency, with consid-eration given to the goal of promoting the participation of individuals from underrep-resented groups’’ and inserting ‘‘the agency, with consideration given to the goal of pro-moting the participation of individuals iden-tified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b)’’. (b) E
DUCATIONAL PROGRAM GOALS .—Section 4002(b)(4) of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (C) and subparagraph (D); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) are designed considering the unique needs of underrepresented groups, trans-lating such materials and other resources;’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) are promoted widely, especially among individuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b); and’’. (c) M
ETRICS .—Section 4002 of the America COMPETES Act (33 U.S.C. 893a) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by adding after section (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) M
ETRICS .—In executing the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration science education plan under subsection (c), the Administrator shall maintain a com-prehensive system for evaluating the Admin-istration’s educational programs and activi-ties. In so doing, the Administrator shall en-sure that such education programs have measurable objectives and milestones as well as clear, documented metrics for evaluating programs. For each such education program or portfolio of similar programs, the Admin-istrator shall— ‘‘(1) encourage the collection of evidence as relevant to the measurable objectives and milestones; and ‘‘(2) ensure that program or portfolio eval-uations focus on educational outcomes and not just inputs, activities completed, or the number of participants.’’. SEC. 315. HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS UN-DERGRADUATE PROGRAM UPDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7033(a) of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o– 12(a)) is amended as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall award grants on a competitive, merit-re-viewed basis to Hispanic-serving institutions (as defined in section 502 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a)) to en-hance the quality of undergraduate STEM education at such institutions and to in-crease the retention and graduation rates of students pursuing associate’s or bacca-laureate degrees in science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics.’’. (b) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) of this section shall not affect any award of a grant or other form of financial assistance made under section 7033 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o–12) before the date of enactment of this Act. Such awards shall continue to be subject to the requirements to which such funds were subject under that section before the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—LEVERAGING THE PRIVATE SECTOR 
SEC. 401. PRIZE COMPETITION AUTHORITY UP-DATE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Science Prize Competition Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
RIZES ’’ and by inserting ‘‘P RIZE COMPETI -
TIONS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prize may be one or more of the following’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competition may be 1 or more of the following types of activities’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘competi-tion’’ after ‘‘prize’’; and (D) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘prize competitions’’; (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ and in-serting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Govern-ment website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; (B) in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), by insert-ing ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; (4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ each place it appears; (5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ each place it appears; (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may waive the requirement under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) L
IST.—The Director shall include a list of all of the waivers granted under this paragraph during the preceding fiscal year, including a detailed explanation of the rea-son for granting the waiver.’’; (6) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) LICENSES .—As appropriate and to fur-ther the goals of a prize competition, the Federal Government may negotiate a license for the use of intellectual property developed by a registered participant in a prize com-petition.’’; (7) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘each competition’’ and inserting ‘‘each prize com-petition’’ each place it appears; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competitions’’ each place it appears; (8) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘an agree-ment with’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity or State or local govern-ment agency to administer the prize com-petition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; (9) in subsection (m)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Support for a prize com-petition under this section, including finan-cial support for the design and administra-tion of a prize competition or funds for a cash prize purse, may consist of Federal ap-propriated funds and funds provided by pri-vate sector for-profit and nonprofit entities. The head of an agency may request and ac-cept funds from other Federal agencies, State, United States territory, local, or trib-al government agencies, private sector for- profit entities, and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appro-priations Acts, to support such prize com-petitions. The head of an agency may not give any special consideration to any agency or entity in return for a donation.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prize awards’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A
NNOUNCEMENT .—No prize competi-tion may be announced under subsection (f) until all the funds needed to pay out the an-nounced amount of the cash prize purse have been appropriated or committed in writing by a private or State, United States terri-tory, local, or tribal government source.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘competi-tion’’ after ‘‘prize’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or State, United States territory, local, or tribal gov-ernment’’ after ‘‘private’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse or a non-cash prize award’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Science, Space, and Tech-nology’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; (10) in subsection (n)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
ERVICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
ERVICES ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7604 December 16, 2016 
(B) by striking ‘‘the date of the enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010,’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of en-actment of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act,’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘for both for-profit and nonprofit entities and State, United States territory, local, and tribal government enti-ties,’’ after ‘‘contract vehicle’’; (11) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘or providing a prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a prize competition or providing a cash prize purse or non-cash prize award’’; and (12) in subsection (p)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘B
IENNIAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each year’’ and inserting ‘‘every other year’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Science and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Science, Space, and Tech-nology’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘2 fiscal years’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The report for a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘A report’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
PRIZES ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PRIZE PURSES OR NON -CASH  
PRIZE AWARDS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘cash prizes’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses or non-cash prize awards’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) P
LAN.—A description of crosscutting topical areas and agency-specific mission needs that may be the strongest opportuni-ties for prize competitions during the upcom-ing 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 402. CROWDSOURCING AND CITIZEN SCIENCE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science Act’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the authority granted to Federal agen-cies under the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–358; 124 Stat. 3982) to pursue the use of incentive prizes and challenges has yielded numerous benefits; (2) crowdsourcing and citizen science projects have a number of additional unique benefits, including accelerating scientific re-search, increasing cost effectiveness to maxi-mize the return on taxpayer dollars, address-ing societal needs, providing hands-on learn-ing in STEM, and connecting members of the public directly to Federal science agency missions and to each other; and (3) granting Federal science agencies the direct, explicit authority to use crowdsourcing and citizen science will en-courage its appropriate use to advance Fed-eral science agency missions and stimulate and facilitate broader public participation in the innovation process, yielding numerous benefits to the Federal Government and citi-zens who participate in such projects. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ITIZEN SCIENCE .—The term ‘‘citizen science’’ means a form of open collaboration in which individuals or organizations par-ticipate voluntarily in the scientific process in various ways, including— (A) enabling the formulation of research questions; (B) creating and refining project design; (C) conducting scientific experiments; (D) collecting and analyzing data; (E) interpreting the results of data; (F) developing technologies and applica-tions; (G) making discoveries; and (H) solving problems. (2) CROWDSOURCING .—The term ‘‘crowdsourcing’’ means a method to obtain needed services, ideas, or content by solic-iting voluntary contributions from a group of individuals or organizations, especially from an online community. (3) P
ARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘participant’’ means any individual or other entity that has volunteered in a crowdsourcing or cit-izen science project under this section. (d) C
ROWDSOURCING AND CITIZEN SCIENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal science agency, or the heads of multiple Fed-eral science agencies working cooperatively, may utilize crowdsourcing and citizen science to conduct projects designed to ad-vance the mission of the respective Federal science agency or the joint mission of Fed-eral science agencies, as applicable. (2) V
OLUNTARY SERVICES .—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the head of a Federal science agency may ac-cept, subject to regulations issued by the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, services from participants under this section if such services— (A) are performed voluntarily as a part of a crowdsourcing or citizen science project authorized under paragraph (1); (B) are not financially compensated for their time; and (C) will not be used to displace any em-ployee of the Federal Government. (3) O
UTREACH .—The head of each Federal science agency engaged in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section shall make public and promote such project to encourage broad participation. (4) C
ONSENT , REGISTRATION , AND TERMS OF  
USE.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal science agency shall determine the appropriate level of consent, registration, or acknowledgment of the terms of use that are required from participants in crowdsourcing or citizen science projects under this section on a per- project basis. (B) D
ISCLOSURES .—In seeking consent, con-ducting registration, or developing terms of use for a project under this subsection, a Federal science agency shall disclose the pri-vacy, intellectual property, data ownership, compensation, service, program, and other terms of use to the participant in a clear and reasonable manner. (C) M
ODE OF CONSENT .—A Federal agency or Federal science agencies, as applicable, may obtain consent electronically or in writ-ten form from participants under this sec-tion. (5) P
ROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN SUBJECTS .— Any crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section that involves research in-volving human subjects shall be subject to part 46 of title 28, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation). (6) D
ATA.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal science agency shall, where appropriate and to the extent practicable, make data collected through a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section available to the public, in a machine readable format, unless prohibited by law. (B) N
OTICE .—As part of the consent proc-ess, the Federal science agency shall notify all participants— (i) of the expected uses of the data com-piled through the project; (ii) if the Federal science agency will re-tain ownership of such data; (iii) if and how the data and results from the project would be made available for pub-lic or third party use; and (iv) if participants are authorized to pub-lish such data. (7) TECHNOLOGIES AND APPLICATIONS .—Fed- eral science agencies shall endeavor to make technologies, applications, code, and deriva-tions of such intellectual property developed through a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section available to the public. (8) L
IABILITY .—Each participant in a crowdsourcing or citizen science project under this section shall agree— (A) to assume any and all risks associated with such participation; and (B) to waive all claims against the Federal Government and its related entities, except for claims based on willful misconduct, for any injury, death, damage, or loss of prop-erty, revenue, or profits (whether direct, in-direct, or consequential) arising from par-ticipation in the project. (9) R
ESEARCH MISCONDUCT .—Federal science agencies coordinating crowdsourcing or cit-izen science projects under this section shall make all practicable efforts to ensure that participants adhere to all relevant Federal research misconduct policies and other ap-plicable ethics policies. (10) M
ULTI-SECTOR PARTNERSHIPS .—The head of each Federal science agency engaged in crowdsourcing or citizen science under this section, or the heads of multiple Federal science agencies working cooperatively, may enter into a contract or other agreement to share administrative duties for such projects with— (A) a for profit or nonprofit private sector entity, including a private institution of higher education; (B) a State, tribal, local, or foreign govern-ment agency, including a public institution of higher education; or (C) a public-private partnership. (11) F
UNDING .—In carrying out crowdsourcing and citizen science projects under this section, the head of a Federal science agency, or the heads of multiple Fed-eral science agencies working coopera-tively— (A) may use funds appropriated by Con-gress; (B) may publicize projects and solicit and accept funds or in-kind support for such projects, to be available to the extent pro-vided by appropriations Acts, from— (i) other Federal agencies; (ii) for profit or nonprofit private sector entities, including private institutions of higher education; or (iii) State, tribal, local, or foreign govern-ment agencies, including public institutions of higher education; and (C) may not give any special consideration to any entity described in subparagraph (B) in return for such funds or in-kind support. (12) F
ACILITATION .— (A) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION AS -
SISTANCE .—The Administrator of the General Services Administration, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, shall, at no cost to Federal science agencies, identify and develop relevant products, training, and services to facilitate the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science projects under this section, including by specifying the appropriate contract vehicles and tech-nology and organizational platforms to en-hance the ability of Federal science agencies to carry out the projects under this section. (B) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—The head of each Federal science agency engaged in crowdsourcing or citizen science under this section may— (i) consult any guidance provided by the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, including the Federal Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science Toolkit; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7605 December 16, 2016 
(ii) designate a coordinator for that Fed-eral science agency’s crowdsourcing and cit-izen science projects; and (iii) share best practices with other Fed-eral agencies, including participation of staff in the Federal Community of Practice for Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall include, as a compo-nent of an annual report required under sec-tion 24(p) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719(p)), a report on the projects and activi-ties carried out under this section. (2) I
NFORMATION INCLUDED .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project conducted by a Fed-eral science agency during the most recently completed 2 fiscal years, including a descrip-tion of the proposed goals of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (B) an analysis of why the utilization of a crowdsourcing or citizen science project summarized in subparagraph (A) was the preferable method of achieving the goals de-scribed in subparagraph (A) as opposed to other authorities available to the Federal science agency, such as contracts, grants, co-operative agreements, and prize competi-tions; (C) the participation rates, submission lev-els, number of consents, and any other sta-tistic that might be considered relevant in each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (D) a detailed description of— (i) the resources, including personnel and funding, that were used in the execution of each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (ii) the project activities for which such re-sources were used; and (iii) how the obligations and expenditures relating to the project’s execution were allo-cated among the accounts of the Federal science agency, including a description of the amount and source of all funds, private, public, and in-kind, contributed to each crowdsourcing and citizen science project; (E) a summary of the use of crowdsourcing and citizen science by all Federal science agencies, including interagency and multi- sector partnerships; (F) a description of how each crowdsourcing and citizen science project ad-vanced the mission of each participating Federal science agency; (G) an identification of each crowdsourcing or citizen science project where data col-lected through such project was not made available to the public, including the reasons for such action; and (H) any other information that the Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Policy considers relevant. (f) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to affect the authority to conduct crowdsourcing and citizen science authorized by any other provision of law; or (2) to displace Federal Government re-sources allocated to the Federal science agencies that use crowdsourcing or citizen science authorized under this section to carry out a project. 
SEC. 403. NIST DIRECTOR FUNCTIONS UPDATE. 
Section 2(b) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(b)), as amended by section 403 of this Act, is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘authorized to take’’ and insert-ing ‘‘authorized to serve as the President’s principal adviser on standards policy per-taining to the Nation’s technological com-petitiveness and innovation ability and to take’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘compare standards’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Federal Government’’ and inserting ‘‘facili-tate standards-related information sharing and cooperation between Federal agencies’’; and (3) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘Federal, State, and local’’ and all that follows through ‘‘private sector’’ and inserting ‘‘technical standards activities and con-formity assessment activities of Federal, State, and local governments with private sector’’. SEC. 404. NIST VISITING COMMITTEE ON AD-VANCED TECHNOLOGY UPDATE. 
Section 10 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘15 members appointed by the Director, at least 10 of whom’’ and ‘‘not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Director, a majority of whom’’; and (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Na-tional Bureau of Standards’’ and inserting ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology’’; and (2) in subsection (h)(1), by striking ‘‘, in-cluding the Program established under sec-tion 28,’’. TITLE V—MANUFACTURING 
SEC. 501. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-SION PARTNERSHIP IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Manufacturing Extension Part-nership Improvement Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 25. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-SION PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) A
REA CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU -
CATION SCHOOL .—The term ‘area career and technical education school’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Vocational Education Act of 1963 (20 U.S.C. 2302). ‘‘(3) C
ENTER .—The term ‘Center’ means a manufacturing extension center that— ‘‘(A) is created under subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) is affiliated with an eligible entity that applies for and is awarded financial sup-port under subsection (e). ‘‘(4) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-munity college’ means an institution of higher education (as defined under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) at which the highest degree that is predominately awarded to students is an associate’s degree. ‘‘(5) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a United States-based non-profit institution, or consortium thereof, an institution of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal gov-ernment. ‘‘(6) H
OLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTENSION  
PARTNERSHIP OR PROGRAM .—The term ‘Hol-lings Manufacturing Extension Partnership’ or ‘Program’ means the program established under subsection (b). ‘‘(7) MEP 
ADVISORY BOARD .—The term ‘MEP Advisory Board’ means the Manufac-turing Extension Partnership Advisory Board established under subsection (n). ‘‘(b) ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—The Secretary, acting through the Director and, if appropriate, through other Federal offi-cials, shall establish a program to provide assistance for the creation and support of manufacturing extension centers for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices. ‘‘(c) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the Pro-gram shall be to enhance competitiveness, productivity, and technological performance in United States manufacturing through— ‘‘(1) the transfer of manufacturing tech-nology and techniques developed at the In-stitute to Centers and, through them, to manufacturing companies throughout the United States; ‘‘(2) the participation of individuals from industry, institutions of higher education, State governments, other Federal agencies, and, when appropriate, the Institute in coop-erative technology transfer activities; ‘‘(3) efforts to make new manufacturing technology and processes usable by United States-based small and medium-sized compa-nies; ‘‘(4) the active dissemination of scientific, engineering, technical, and management in-formation about manufacturing to industrial firms, including small and medium-sized manufacturing companies; ‘‘(5) the utilization, when appropriate, of the expertise and capability that exists in Federal agencies, other than the Institute, and federally-sponsored laboratories; ‘‘(6) the provision to community colleges and area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in manufacturing companies, includ-ing small and medium-sized manufacturing businesses in the regions they serve; ‘‘(7) the promotion and expansion of cer-tification systems offered through industry, associations, and local colleges when appro-priate, including efforts such as facilitating training, supporting new or existing appren-ticeships, and providing access to informa-tion and experts, to address workforce needs and skills gaps in order to assist small- and medium-sized manufacturing businesses; and ‘‘(8) the growth in employment and wages at United States-based small and medium- sized companies. ‘‘(d) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities of a Center shall include— ‘‘(1) the establishment of automated manu-facturing systems and other advanced pro-duction technologies, based on Institute-sup-ported research, for the purpose of dem-onstrations and technology transfer; ‘‘(2) the active transfer and dissemination of research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly small and medium-sized manu-facturers; and ‘‘(3) the facilitation of collaborations and partnerships between small and medium- sized manufacturing companies , community colleges, and area career and technical edu-cation schools, to help those entities better understand the specific needs of manufactur-ers and to help manufacturers better under-stand the skill sets that students learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. ‘‘(e) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide fi-nancial assistance for the creation and sup-port of a Center through a cooperative agree-ment with an eligible entity. ‘‘(2) C
OST SHARING .—The Secretary may not provide more than 50 percent of the cap-ital and annual operating and maintenance funds required to establish and support a Center. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7606 December 16, 2016 
‘‘(3) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (2), any amount received by an eligible entity for a Center under a provision of law other than paragraph (1) shall not be considered an amount provided under para-graph (1). ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may re-vise or promulgate such regulations as nec-essary to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM DESCRIPTION .—The Secretary shall establish and update, as necessary— ‘‘(A) a description of the Program; ‘‘(B) the application procedures; ‘‘(C) performance metrics; ‘‘(D) criteria for determining qualified ap-plicants; and ‘‘(E) criteria for choosing recipients of fi-nancial assistance from among the qualified applicants. ‘‘(F) procedures for determining allowable cost share contributions; and ‘‘(G) such other program policy objectives and operational procedures as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(3) C
OST SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be considered for fi-nancial assistance under this section, an ap-plicant shall provide adequate assurances that the applicant and if applicable, the ap-plicant’s partnering organizations, will ob-tain funding for not less than 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and main-tenance funds required to establish and sup-port the Center from sources other than the financial assistance provided under sub-section (e). ‘‘(B) A
GREEMENTS WITH OTHER ENTITIES .—In meeting the cost-sharing requirement under subparagraph (A), an eligible entity may enter into an agreement with 1 or more other entities, such as a private industry, in-stitutions of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal gov-ernment for the contribution by that other entity of funding if the Secretary determines the agreement— ‘‘(i) is programmatically reasonable; ‘‘(ii) will help accomplish programmatic objectives; and ‘‘(iii) is allocable under Program proce-dures under subsection (f)(2). ‘‘(4) L
EGAL RIGHTS .—Each applicant shall include in the application a proposal for the allocation of the legal rights associated with any intellectual property which may result from the activities of the Center. ‘‘(5) M
ERIT REVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-ject each application to merit review. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a deci-sion whether to approve an application and provide financial assistance under subsection (e), the Secretary shall consider, at a min-imum— ‘‘(i) the merits of the application, particu-larly those portions of the application re-garding technology transfer, training and education, and adaptation of manufacturing technologies to the needs of particular indus-trial sectors; ‘‘(ii) the quality of service to be provided; ‘‘(iii) the geographical diversity and extent of the service area; and ‘‘(iv) the type and percentage of funding and in-kind commitment from other sources under paragraph (3). ‘‘(g) E
VALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) T
HIRD AND EIGHTH YEAR EVALUATIONS  
BY PANEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each Center is evaluated during its third and eighth years of operation by an evaluation panel appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) COMPOSITION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each evaluation panel appointed under subparagraph (A) is composed of— ‘‘(i) private experts, none of whom are con-nected with the Center evaluated by the panel; and ‘‘(ii) Federal officials. ‘‘(C) C
HAIRPERSON .—For each evaluation panel appointed under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall appoint a chairperson who is an official of the Institute. ‘‘(2) F
IFTH YEAR EVALUATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—In the fifth year of operation of a Center, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the Center. ‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—In eval- uating a Center an evaluation panel or the Secretary, as applicable, shall measure the performance of the Center against— ‘‘(A) the objective specified in subsection (c); ‘‘(B) the performance metrics under sub-section (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(C) such other criterion as considered ap-propriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) P
OSITIVE EVALUATIONS .—If an evalua-tion of a Center is positive, the Secretary may continue to provide financial assistance for the Center— ‘‘(A) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the third year of a Center, through the fifth year of the Center; ‘‘(B) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the fifth year of a Center, through the eighth year of the Center; and ‘‘(C) in the case of an evaluation occurring in the eighth year of a Center, through the tenth year of the Center. ‘‘(5) O
THER THAN POSITIVE EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) P
ROBATION .—If an evaluation of a Cen-ter is other than positive, the Secretary shall put the Center on probation during the period beginning on the date that the Center receives notice under subparagraph (B)(i) and ending on the date that the reevaluation is complete under subparagraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND REEVALUATION .—If a Cen- ter receives an evaluation that is other than positive, the evaluation panel or Secretary, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Center of the reason, includ-ing any deficiencies in the performance of the Center identified during the evaluation; ‘‘(ii) assist the Center in remedying the de-ficiencies by providing the Center, not less frequently than once every 3 months, an analysis of the Center, if considered appro-priate by the panel or Secretary, as applica-ble; and ‘‘(iii) reevaluate the Center not later than 1 year after the date of the notice under clause (i). ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED SUPPORT DURING PERIOD OF  
PROBATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-tinue to provide financial assistance under subsection (e) for a Center during the proba-tion period. ‘‘(ii) P
OST PROBATION .—After the period of probation, the Secretary shall not provide any financial assistance unless the Center has received a positive evaluation under sub-paragraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(6) F
AILURE TO REMEDY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a Center fails to rem-edy a deficiency or to show significant im-provement in performance before the end of the probation period under paragraph (5), the Secretary shall conduct a competition to se-lect an operator for the Center under sub-section (h). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF CENTERS SUBJECT TO  
NEW COMPETITION .—Upon the selection of an operator for a Center under subsection (h), the Center shall be considered a new Center and the calculation of the years of operation of that Center for purposes of paragraphs (1) through (5) of this subsection and subsection (h)(1) shall start anew. ‘‘(h) REAPPLICATION COMPETITION FOR FI-
NANCIAL ASSISTANCE AFTER 10 Y EARS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an eligible entity has operated a Center under this section for a pe-riod of 10 consecutive years, the Secretary shall conduct a competition to select an eli-gible entity to operate the Center in accord-ance with the process plan under subsection (i). ‘‘(2) I
NCUMBENT ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An eli- gible entity that has received financial as-sistance under this section for a period of 10 consecutive years and that the Secretary de-termines is in good standing shall be eligible to compete in the competition under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CENTERS SUBJECT TO RE -
APPLICATION COMPETITION .—Upon the selec-tion of an operator for a Center under para-graph (1), the Center shall be considered a new Center and the calculation of the years of operation of that Center for purposes of paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (g) shall start anew. ‘‘(i) P
ROCESS PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act, the Secretary shall implement and sub-mit to Congress a plan for how the Institute will conduct an evaluation, competition, and reapplication competition under this sec-tion. ‘‘(j) O
PERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA -
TION OF CENTER CLIENTS .—The following in-formation, if obtained by the Federal Gov-ernment in connection with an activity of a Center or the Program, shall be exempt from public disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(A) Information on the business operation of any participant in the Program or of a cli-ent of a Center. ‘‘(B) Trade secrets of any client of a Cen-ter. ‘‘(k) O
VERSIGHT BOARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition on receipt of financial assistance for a Center under subsection (e), an eligible entity shall estab-lish a board to oversee the operations of the Center. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall es-tablish appropriate standards for each board described under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the standards, the Director shall take into ac-count the type and organizational structure of an eligible entity. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The standards shall address— ‘‘(i) membership; ‘‘(ii) composition; ‘‘(iii) term limits; ‘‘(iv) conflicts of interest; and ‘‘(v) such other requirements as the Direc-tor considers necessary. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each board established under paragraph (1) shall be composed of members as follows: ‘‘(i) The membership of each board shall be representative of stakeholders in the region in which the Center is located. ‘‘(ii) A majority of the members of the board shall be selected from among individ-uals who own or are employed by small or medium-sized manufacturers. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—A member of a board es-tablished under paragraph (1) may not serve on more than 1 board established under that paragraph. ‘‘(4) B
YLAWS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each board established under paragraph (1) shall adopt and submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7607 December 16, 2016 
to the Director bylaws to govern the oper-ation of the board. ‘‘(B) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—Bylaws adopted under subparagraph (A) shall include policies to minimize conflicts of interest, in-cluding such policies relating to disclosure of relationships and recusal as may be nec-essary to minimize conflicts of interest. ‘‘(l) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS .—In addition to such sums as may be appropriated to the Secretary and Director to operate the Pro-gram, the Secretary and Director may also accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies and from the private sector under section 2(c)(7) of this Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)(7)), to be available to the extent pro-vided by appropriations Acts, for the purpose of strengthening United States manufac-turing. ‘‘(m) MEP A
DVISORY BOARD .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Institute a Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership Advisory Board. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The MEP Advisory Board shall consist of not fewer than 10 members appointed by the Director and broadly rep-resentative of stakeholders. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Of the members ap-pointed under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) at least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for a Center; ‘‘(II) at least 5 members shall be from United States small businesses in the manu-facturing sector; and ‘‘(III) at least 1 member shall represent a community college. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION .—No member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be an employee of the Federal Government. ‘‘(B) T
ERM.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), the term of office of each member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be 3 years. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCIES .—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expi-ration of the term for which his predecessor was appointed shall be appointed for the re-mainder of such term. ‘‘(D) S
ERVING CONSECUTIVE TERMS .—Any person who has completed 2 consecutive full terms of service on the MEP Advisory Board shall thereafter be ineligible for appoint-ment during the 1-year period following the expiration of the second such term. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The MEP Advisory Board shall— ‘‘(A) meet not less than biannually; and ‘‘(B) provide to the Director— ‘‘(i) advice on the activities, plans, and policies of the Program; ‘‘(ii) assessments of the soundness of the plans and strategies of the Program; and ‘‘(iii) assessments of current performance against the plans of the Program. ‘‘(4) FACA 
APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In discharging its duties under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At a minimum, the MEP Advisory Board shall transmit an annual re-port to the Secretary for transmittal to Con-gress not later than 30 days after the submis-sion to Congress of the President’s annual budget under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall address the status of the Program and describe the relevant sections of the programmatic plan-ning document and updates thereto trans-mitted to Congress by the Director under subsections (c) and (d) of section 23 (15 U.S.C. 278i). ‘‘(n) SMALL MANUFACTURERS .— ‘‘(1) E
VALUATION OF OBSTACLES .—As part of the Program, the Director shall— ‘‘(A) identify obstacles that prevent small manufacturers from effectively competing in the global market; ‘‘(B) implement a comprehensive plan to train the Centers to address the obstacles identified in paragraph (2); and ‘‘(C) facilitate improved communication between the Centers to assist such manufac-turers in implementing appropriate, targeted solutions to the obstacles identified in para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF OPEN ACCESS RE -
SOURCES .—As part of the Program, the Sec-retary shall develop open access resources that address best practices related to inven-tory sourcing, supply chain management, manufacturing techniques, available Federal resources, and other topics to further the competitiveness and profitability of small manufacturers.’’. (c) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS PROGRAM .—The National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 25 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 25A. COMPETITIVE AWARDS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall establish within the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership under section 25 (15 U.S.C. 278k) and section 26 (15 U.S.C. 278l) a program of competitive awards among par-ticipants described in subsection (b) of this section for the purposes described in sub-section (c). ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Participants receiving awards under this section shall be Centers, or a consortium of Centers. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE , THEMES , AND REIMBURSE -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program established under subsection (a) is to add ca-pabilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership, including the develop-ment of projects to solve new or emerging manufacturing problems as determined by the Director, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, the MEP Advisory Board, other Federal agencies, and small and medium- sized manufacturers. ‘‘(2) T
HEMES .—The Director may identify 1 or more themes for a competition carried out under this section, which may vary from year to year, as the Director considers ap-propriate after assessing the needs of manu-facturers and the success of previous com-petitions. ‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Centers may be re-imbursed for costs incurred by the Centers under this section. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—Applications for awards under this section shall be submitted in such manner, at such time, and con-taining such information as the Director shall require in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board. ‘‘(e) S
ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) P
EER REVIEW AND COMPETITIVELY  
AWARDED .—The Director shall ensure that awards under this section are peer reviewed and competitively awarded. ‘‘(2) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—The Director shall endeavor to have broad geographic di-versity among selected proposals. ‘‘(3) C
RITERIA .—The Director shall select applications to receive awards that the Di-rector determines will achieve 1 or more of the following: ‘‘(A) Improve the competitiveness of indus-tries in the region in which the Center or Centers are located. ‘‘(B) Create jobs or train newly hired em-ployees. ‘‘(C) Promote the transfer and commer-cialization of research and technology from institutions of higher education, national laboratories or other federally funded re-search programs, and nonprofit research in-stitutes. ‘‘(D) Recruit a diverse manufacturing workforce, including through outreach to underrepresented populations, including in-dividuals identified in section 33 or section 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Op-portunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a, 1885b). ‘‘(E) Such other result as the Director de-termines will advance the objective set forth in section 25(c) (15 U.S.C. 278k) or in section 26 (15 U.S.C. 278l). ‘‘(f) PROGRAM CONTRIBUTION .—Recipients of awards under this section shall not be re-quired to provide a matching contribution. ‘‘(g) G
LOBAL MARKETPLACE PROJECTS .—In making an award under this section, the Di-rector, in consultation with the MEP Advi-sory Board and the Secretary, may take into consideration whether an application has significant potential for enhancing the com-petitiveness of small and medium-sized United States manufacturers in the global marketplace. ‘‘(h) D
URATION .—The duration of an award under this section shall be for not more than 3 years. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms used in this section have the meanings given the terms in section 25 (15 U.S.C. 278k).’’. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board (as defined in section 25 of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k)), shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report analyzing— (A) the effectiveness of the changes in the cost share to Centers under section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k); (B) the engagement in services and the characteristics of services provided by 2 types of Centers, including volume and type of service; and (C) whether the cost-sharing ratio has any effect on the services provided by either type of Center. (2) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of submission of the report under paragraph (1), the Director of NIST shall contract with an independent organiza-tion to perform an assessment of the imple-mentation of the reapplication competition process. (B) C
ONSULTATION .—The independent orga-nization performing the assessment under subparagraph (A) may consult with the MEP Advisory Board (as defined in section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k)). (3) C
OMPARISON OF CENTERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report providing information on the first and second years of operations for Centers (as defined in section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k)) operating from new competitions or recompetition as compared to longstanding Centers. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall provide detail on the engagement in services pro-vided by Centers and the characteristics of services provided, including volume and type of services, so that the appropriate commit-tees of Congress can evaluate whether the cost-sharing ratio has an effect on the serv-ices provided at Centers. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7608 December 16, 2016 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—Section 2199(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘regional center’’ and in-serting ‘‘manufacturing extension center’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and best business prac-tices’’ before ‘‘referred’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘25(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘25(b)’’. (2) E
NTERPRISE INTEGRATION INITIATIVE .— Section 3(a) of the Enterprise Integration Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 278g-5(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘Hollings’’ before ‘‘Manufacturing Extension Partnership’’. (3) A
SSISTANCE TO STATE TECHNOLOGY PRO -
GRAMS .—Section 26(a) of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278l(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Cen-ters program created’’ and inserting ‘‘Hol-lings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship’’. (f) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) of this section, the Secretary of Com-merce may carry out section 25 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) as that section was in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to existing grants, agreements, cooperative agreements, or con-tracts, and with respect to applications for such items that are received by the Sec-retary prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (g) P
ATENT RIGHTS .—The provisions of chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code, shall apply, to the extent not inconsistent with section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and section 25 of that Act, to the pro-motion of technology from research by Cen-ters under those sections, except for con-tracts for such specific technology extension or transfer services as may be specified by the Director of NIST or under other law. TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
SEC. 601. INNOVATION CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The National Science Foundation Inno-vation Corps (referred to in this section as the ‘‘I-Corps’’) was established to foster a na-tional innovation ecosystem by encouraging institutions, scientists, engineers, and entre-preneurs to identify and explore the innova-tion and commercial potential of National Science Foundation-funded research well be-yond the laboratory. (2) Through I-Corps, the Foundation in-vests in entrepreneurship and commer-cialization education, training, and men-toring that can ultimately lead to the prac-tical deployment of technologies, products, processes, and services that improve the Na-tion’s competitiveness, promote economic growth, and benefit society. (3) By building networks of entrepreneurs, educators, mentors, institutions, and col-laborations, and supporting specialized edu-cation and training, I-Corps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American innovation ecosystem. (4) By translating federally funded re-search to a commercial stage more quickly and efficiently, programs like the I-Corps create new jobs and companies, help solve so-cietal problems, and provide taxpayers with a greater return on their investment in re-search. (5) The I-Corps program model has a strong record of success that should be replicated at all Federal science agencies. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) commercialization of federally funded research can improve the Nation’s competi-tiveness, grow the economy, and benefit soci-ety; (2) I-Corps is a useful tool in promoting the commercialization of federally funded re-search by training researchers funded by the Foundation in entrepreneurship and com-mercialization; (3) I-Corps should continue to build a net-work of entrepreneurs, educators, mentors, and institutions and support specialized edu-cation and training; (4) researchers other than those funded by the Foundation may also benefit from the education and training described in para-graph (3); and (5) I-Corps should continue to promote a strong innovation system by investing in and supporting female entrepreneurs through mentorship, education, and training because they are historically underrep-resented in entrepreneurial fields. (c) I-CORPS PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to promote a strong, lasting foundation for the national innovation ecosystem and increase the posi-tive economic and social impact of federally funded research, the Director of the Founda-tion shall set forth eligibility requirements and carry out a program to award grants for entrepreneurship and commercialization education, training, and mentoring. (2) E
XPANSION OF I -CORPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director— (i) shall encourage the development and expansion of I-Corps and other training pro-grams that focus on professional develop-ment, including education in entrepreneur-ship and commercialization; and (ii) may establish an agreement with an-other Federal science agency— (I) to make researchers, students, and in-stitutions funded by that agency eligible to participate in the I-Corps program; or (II) to assist that agency with the design and implementation of its own program that is similar to the I-Corps program. (B) P
ARTNERSHIP FUNDING .—In negotiating an agreement with another Federal science agency under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Direc-tor shall require that Federal science agency to provide funding for— (i) the training for researchers, students, and institutions selected for the I-Corps pro-gram; and (ii) the locations that Federal science agency designates as regional and national infrastructure for science and engineering entrepreneurship. (3) F
OLLOW -ON GRANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Director, in consultation with the Director of the Small Business Innovation Research Program, shall make funds avail-able for competitive grants, including to I- Corps participants, to help support— (i) prototype or proof-of-concept develop-ment; and (ii) such activities as the Director con-siders necessary to build local, regional, and national infrastructure for science and engi-neering entrepreneurship. (B) L
IMITATION .—Grants under subpara-graph (A) shall be limited to participants with innovations that because of the early stage of development are not eligible to par-ticipate in a Small Business Innovation Re-search Program or a Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program. (4) S
TATE AND LOCAL PARTNERSHIPS .—The Director may engage in partnerships with State and local governments, economic de-velopment organizations, and nonprofit orga-nizations to provide access to the I-Corps program to support entrepreneurship edu-cation and training for researchers, students, and institutions under this subsection. (5) R
EPORTS .—The Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a bi-ennial report on I-Corps program efficacy, including metrics on the effectiveness of the program. Each Federal science agency par-ticipating in the I-Corps program or that im-plements a similar program under paragraph (2)(A) shall contribute to the report. (6) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘Small Business Innovation Research Program’’ and ‘‘Small Business Technology Transfer Program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 9 of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638). 
SEC. 602. TRANSLATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) commercialization of federally funded research may benefit society and the econ-omy; and (2) not-for-profit organizations support the commercialization of federally funded re-search by providing useful business and tech-nical expertise to researchers. (b) C
OMMERCIALIZATION PROMOTION .—The Director of the Foundation shall continue to award grants on a competitive, merit-re-viewed basis to eligible entities to promote the commercialization of federally funded re-search results. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Activities supported by grants under this section may include— (1) identifying Foundation-sponsored re-search and technologies that have the poten-tial for accelerated commercialization; (2) supporting prior or current Foundation- sponsored investigators, institutions of high-er education, and non-profit organizations that partner with an institution of higher education in undertaking proof-of-concept work, including development of prototypes of technologies that are derived from Foun-dation-sponsored research and have potential market value; (3) promoting sustainable partnerships be-tween Foundation-funded institutions, in-dustry, and other organizations within aca-demia and the private sector with the pur-pose of accelerating the transfer of tech-nology; (4) developing multi-disciplinary innova-tion ecosystems which involve and are re-sponsive to specific needs of academia and industry; and (5) providing professional development, mentoring, and advice in entrepreneurship, project management, and technology and business development to innovators. (d) E
LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The following organiza-tions may be eligible for grants under this section: (A) Institutions of higher education. (B) Public or nonprofit technology transfer organizations. (C) A nonprofit organization that partners with an institution of higher education. (D) A consortia of 2 or more of the organi-zations described under subparagraphs (A) through (C). (2) L
EAD ORGANIZATIONS .—Any eligible or-ganization under paragraph (1) may apply as a lead organization. (e) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity seek-ing a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Director may require. 
SEC. 603. OPTICS AND PHOTONICS TECHNOLOGY INNOVATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The 1998 National Research Council Re-port, ‘‘Harnessing Light’’ presented a com-prehensive overview on the importance of optics and photonics to various sectors of the United States economy. (2) In 2012, in response to increased coordi-nation and investment by other nations, the National Research Council released a follow up study recommending a national photonics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7609 December 16, 2016 
initiative to increase collaboration and co-ordination among United States industry, Federal and State government, and aca-demia to identify and further advance areas of photonics critical to regaining United States competitiveness and maintaining na-tional security. (3) Publicly-traded companies focused on optics and photonics in the United States en-able more than $3 trillion in revenue annu-ally. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) optics and photonics research and tech-nologies promote United States global com-petitiveness in industry sectors, including telecommunications and information tech-nology, energy, healthcare and medicine, manufacturing, and defense; (2) Federal science agencies, industry, and academia should seek partnerships with each other to develop basic research in optics and photonics into more mature technologies and capabilities; and (3) each Federal science agency, as appro-priate, should— (A) survey and identify optics and photonics-related programs within that Fed-eral science agency and share results with other Federal science agencies for the pur-pose of generating multiple applications and uses; (B) partner with the private sector and academia to leverage knowledge and re-sources to maximize opportunities for inno-vation in optics and photonics; (C) explore research and development op-portunities, including Federal and private sector-sponsored internships, to ensure a highly trained optics and photonics work-force in the United States; (D) encourage partnerships between aca-demia and industry to promote improvement in the education of optics and photonics technicians at the secondary school level, undergraduate level, and 2-year college level, including through the Foundation’s Ad-vanced Technological Education program; and (E) assess existing programs and explore alternatives to modernize photonics labora-tory equipment in undergraduate institu-tions in the United States to facilitate crit-ical hands-on learning. 
SEC. 604. UNITED STATES CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘United States Chief Technology Officer Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 203 the National Science and Technology Policy, Organiza-tion, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6612) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(b) A
SSOCIATE DIREC-
TORS .—’’ before ‘‘The President is author-ized’’ and indenting appropriately; (2) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘There shall be’’ and indenting appro-priately; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .—Subject to subsection (b), the President is authorized to designate 1 of the Associate Directors under that subsection as a United States Chief Technology Officer.’’. 
SEC. 605. NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL STUDY ON TECHNOLOGY FOR EMERGENCY NOTIFICATIONS ON CAMPUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy shall enter into an arrange-ment with the National Research Council to conduct and complete a study to identify and review technologies employed at institutions of higher education to provide notifications to students, faculty, and other personnel during emergency situations in accordance with law. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall address— (1) the timeliness of notifications provided by the technologies during emergency situa-tions; (2) the durability of the technologies in de-livering the notifications to students, fac-ulty, and other personnel; and (3) the limitations exhibited by the tech-nologies to successfully deliver the notifica-tions not more than 30 seconds after the in-stitution of higher education transmits the notifications. (c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date that the National Re-search Council enters into the arrangement under subsection (a), the Director of the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to Congress a report on the study, in-cluding recommendations for addressing any limitations identified under subsection (b)(3). 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
DECEMBER 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, I am pleased to appoint the following individual to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission to fill the ex-isting vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Jeffrey Fiedler, to serve for the remain-der of the term. This appointment would be effective January 1, 2017. Mr. Michael R. Wessel of Falls Church, Vir-ginia Thank you for your attention to this ap-pointment. Best regards, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
DECEMBER 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, I am pleased to appoint the following individual to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission to succeed Mr. Michael R. Wessel, whose term is expiring. This appointment would be effective Janu-ary 21, 2017. Mr. Jonathan N. Stivers of Washington, D.C. Thank you for your attention to this ap-pointment. Best regards, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATE LEVELS OF THE  
FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESOLUTION RE -
LATED TO LEGISLATION REPORTED BY THE  
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, December 16, 2016. Mr. Speaker, I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record a revision to the budget aggregate levels of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11. The revision makes technical corrections to a previous adjustment to ag-gregate levels for S. Con. Res. 11 issued on January 6, 2016. The revised aggregate levels are to be considered as the aggregates in-cluded in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. A corresponding table is attached. Sincerely, T
OMPRICE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1—BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] Fiscal Year 2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,151,635 
1 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,165,079 
1 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,698,373 32,325,524 Technical correction to achieve consistency with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............................................¥7,125 
1 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................¥567 
1 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 0 0 Technical correction to capture the budgetary effects of HR 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 20 
1 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 20 
1 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................¥7 18 Revised Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,144,530 
1 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,164,532 
1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.002 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7610 December 16, 2016 
TABLE 1—BUDGET AGGREGATES—Continued 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] Fiscal Year 2016 2016–2025 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,698,366 32,325,542 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
STATUS REPORT ON CURRENT SPENDING LEVELS  
OF ON -BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR  
FY 2016 AND THE 10 -YEAR PERIOD FY 2016  
THROUGH FY 2025  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, December 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : To facilitate applica-tion of sections 302 and 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act, I am transmitting an up-dated status report on the current levels of on-budget spending and revenues for fiscal year 2016, and for the 10-year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. This status report is current through the end of fiscal year 2016. The term ‘‘current level’’ refers to the amounts of spending and revenues estimated for each fiscal year based on laws enacted or awaiting the President’s signature. Table 1 in the report compares the current levels of total budget authority, outlays, and revenues to the overall limits, as adjusted, contained in the conference report on S. Con. Res. 11, as agreed to on May 5, 2015, for fiscal year 2016, and for the 10-year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. This comparison is needed to implement section 311(a) of the Congressional Budget Act, which creates a point of order against measures that would breach the budget resolution’s aggregate lev-els. The table does not show budget author-ity and outlays for years after fiscal year 2016 because appropriations for those years have not yet been completed. Table 2 compares the current levels of budget authority and outlays for legislative action completed by each authorizing com-mittee with the limits contained in the con-ference report on S. Con. Res. 11, as agreed to on May 5, 2015, for fiscal year 2016 and for the 10-year period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. For fiscal year 2016 and the 10-year pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025, ‘‘legis-lative action’’ refers to legislation enacted after the adoption of the levels set forth in the conference agreement on S. Con. Res. 11. This comparison is needed to enforce section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act, which creates a point of order against measures that would breach the section 302(a) alloca-tion of new budget authority for the com-mittee that reported the measure. It is also needed to implement section 311(b), which exempts committees that comply with their allocations from the point of order under section 311(a). Table 3 compares the current status of dis-cretionary appropriations for fiscal year 2016 with the ‘‘section 302(b)’’ suballocations of discretionary budget authority and outlays among Appropriations subcommittees. The comparison is needed to enforce section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act be-cause the point of order under that section equally applies to measures that would breach the applicable section 302(b) sub-allocation. The table also provides supple-mentary information on spending in excess of the base discretionary spending caps al-lowed under section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act. Table 4 compares the levels of changes in mandatory programs (CHIMPs) contained in appropriations acts with the permissible lim-its on CHIMPs as specified in sections 3103 and 3104 of S. Con. Res. 11. The comparison is needed to enforce a point of order established in S. Con. Res. 11 against fiscal year 2016 ap-propriations measures containing CHIMPs that would breach the permissible limits for fiscal year 2016. Table 5 displays the current level of ad-vance appropriations for fiscal year 2017 of accounts identified for advance appropria-tions under section 3304 of S. Con. Res 11. These tables are needed to enforce a point of order against appropriations bills containing advance appropriations that are: (i) not iden-tified in the statement of managers and (ii) would cause the aggregate amount of such appropriations to exceed the level specified in the budget resolution. In addition, letters from the Congressional Budget Office are attached that summarize and compare the budget impact of enacted legislation that occurred after adoption of the budget resolution against the budget res-olution aggregates in force. If you have any questions, please contact Jim Herz or Jim Bates at (202) 226–7270. Sincerely, T
OMPRICE, M.D., Chairman. 
TABLE I—REPORT TO THE SPEAKER FROM THE COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, STATUS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016, AND 2016–2025 CONGRESSIONAL BUD GET, REFLECTING ACTION COMPLETED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] Fiscal Year 2016
1 Fiscal Years 2016–2025 
Appropriate Level: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,144,530 n.a. Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,164,532 n.a. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,698,366 32,325,542 Current Level: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,278,293 n.a. Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,263,830 n.a. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,542,403 31,808,897 Current Level over (+) / under (¥) Appropriate Level: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. +133,763 n.a. Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... +99,298 n.a. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................¥155,963 ¥516,645 
n.a. = Not applicable because annual appropriations Acts for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 will not be considered until future  sessions of Congress. 
1The FY2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget was agreed to in S. Con. Res. 11 and the accompanying report, H. Rept. 114–96. T he current level for this report is measured relative to the on-budget levels filed in H. Rept. 114–96. 
TABLE 2—DIRECT SPENDING LEGISLATION, COMPARISON OF AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE LEGISLATIVE ACTION WITH 302(A) ALLOCATIONS FOR BUDGET CHANGES, REFLECTING ACTION COMPLETED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[Fiscal Years, in millions of dollars] House Committee 2016 2016–2025 BA Outlays BA Outlays 
Agriculture: 3023(a) Allocation ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... ¥1,645 ¥347 ¥298,629 ¥296,982 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ +4 +4 + 77 +77 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +1, 649 +351 +296,706 +297,059 Armed Services: 302(a) Allocation: ............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ ¥97 ¥81 ¥1,903 ¥1,885 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ ¥97 ¥81 ¥1,903 ¥1,385 Education and the Workforce: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥10,633 ¥5,017 ¥249,574 ¥229,658 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ +269 +2 69 ¥13 ¥8,138 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +10 ,902 +5,286 +249,561 +221,520 Energy and Commerce: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥54,654 ¥49,173 ¥1,385,904 ¥1,375,688 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ +6,057 +5,316 ¥29,091 ¥29,833 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +60 ,711 +54,489 +1,356,813 +1,345,855 Financial Services: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥7,334 ¥6,712 ¥62,254 ¥62,056 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.006 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7611 December 16, 2016 
TABLE 2—DIRECT SPENDING LEGISLATION, COMPARISON OF AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE LEGISLATIVE ACTION WITH 302(A) ALLOCATIONS FOR BUDGET CHANGES, REFLECTING ACTION COMPLETED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016—Continued 
[Fiscal Years, in millions of dollars] House Committee 2016 2016–2025 BA Outlays BA Outlays 
Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 0 ¥9 ¥9 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +7, 334 +6,712 +62,245 +62,047 Foreign Affairs: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0  Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 0 0  0 0 Homeland Security: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥180 ¥180 ¥19,470 ¥19,470 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 0 ¥2,160 ¥2,160 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +18 0 +180 +17,310 +17,310 House Administration: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥31 ¥2 ¥298 ¥53 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0  Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +31  +2 +298 +53 Judiciary: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥14,419 ¥868 ¥24,949 ¥23,055 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ ¥2,143 +1,315 +4,841 +3,827 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +12 ,276 +2,183 +29,790 +26,882 Natural Resources: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥285 ¥2 ¥32,403 ¥32,208 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ +284 +2 59 ¥796 ¥796 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +56 9 +261 +31,607 +31,412 Oversight and Government Reform: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥9,188 ¥9,026 
¥193,961 ¥193,896 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 0 ¥226 ¥226 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +9, 188 +9,026 +193,735 +193,670 Science, Space and Technology: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0  Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 0 0  0 0 Small Business: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 +1 0 +2 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 0 + 1 0 +2 Transportation and Infrastructure: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... +60,489 70,000 ¥109,928 +70,000 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ +72,733  +70,000 +89,106 +70,029 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +12 ,244 0 +199,034 +29 Veterans’ Affairs: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥31 ¥31 ¥1,925 ¥1,925 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ ¥2 +388 +38 +659 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +29  +419 +1,963 +2,584 Ways and Means: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... ¥59,546 ¥59,516 ¥1,603,168 ¥1,602,668 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ ¥3,018 +512 +133,294 +139,621 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ +56 ,528 +60,028 +1,736,462 +1,742,289 
TABLE 3—DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016–COMPARISON OF CURRENT STATUS WITH APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE 302(a) ALL OCATION AND APPROPRIATIONS SUBCOMMITTEE 302(b) SUB ALLOCATIONS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[Figures in millions]1 302(b) Allocations H.Rept. 114–198 302(b) for GWOT Current Status General Purpose
1 Current Status GWOT General Purpose less 302(b) GWOT less 302(b) BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT 
Agriculture, Rural Development, FDA ................................ 20,650 22,064 0 0 21,880 22,257 0 0 +1,230 +193 0 0 Commerce, Justice, Science ............................................... 51,374 62,026 0 0 55,722 63,797 0 0 +4,348 +1,771 0 0 Defense .............................................................................. 490,226 515,775 88,421 45,029 514,136 527, 495 58,638 27,354 +23,910 +11,720 ¥29,783 ¥17,675 Energy and Water Development ......................................... 35,402 36,195 0 0 37,185 37,216 0 0 +1,783 +1,021 0 0 Financial Services and General Government ..................... 20,250 22,092 0 0 23,235 23,048 0 0 +2,985 +956 0 0 Homeland Security ............................................................. 39,333 49,169 0 0 47,668 45,410 160 128 +8,335 ¥3,759 +160 +128 Interior, Environment ......................................................... 30,170 31,891 0 0 32,159 32,966 0 0 +1,989 +1,075  0 0 Labor Health and Human Services, Education ................. 154,536 170,377 0 0 163,482 170,090 0 0 +8,946 ¥287 0 0 Legislative Branch ............................................................. 4,300 4,243 0 0 4,363 4,289 0 0 +63 +46 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ....................... 76,056 78,242 532 2 79,869 79,813 0 0 +3,813 +1,571 ¥532 ¥2 State, Foreign Operations .................................................. 40,500 47,055 7,334 3,767 37,780 45,206 14,895 4,597  ¥2,720 ¥1,849 +7,561 +830 Transportation, Housing & Urban Development ................ 55,269 118,792 0 0 58,101 120,469 0 0 +2,832 +1,677 0 0 Full Committee Allowance ................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.  n.a. 
Total .......................................................................... 1,018,066 1,157,921 96,287 48,798 1,075,580 1,17 2,056 73,693 32,079 +57,514 +14,135 ¥22,594 ¥16,719 
Comparison of Total Appropriations and 302(a) allocation General Purpose GWOT BA OT BA OT 
302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 1,018,066 1,157,921 96,287 48,798 Total Appropriations ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,075,580 1,172,056 73,693 32,079 
Total Appropriations vs. 302(a) Allocation ..................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ +57,514  +14,135 ¥22,594 ¥16,719 
Memorandum Amounts Assumed in 302(b) Emergency Requirements Disaster Funding Program Integrity Spending in Excess of Base Budget Control Act Caps for Sec. 251(b) Designated Categories BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT 
Agriculture, Rural Development, FDA ............................................................................................ ........................................ 0 0 ¥2 0 130 50 0 0 Commerce, Justice, Science ..................................................................................................... ............................................. 0 0 ¥23 75 0 0 0 0 Defense ........................................................................................................................ .......................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................................................................... ......................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Financial Services and General Government ...................................................................................... .................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Homeland Security .............................................................................................................. ................................................... 0 0 ¥49 0 6,713 336 0 0 Interior, Environment .......................................................................................................... ................................................... 0 0 700 700 0 0 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education .................................................................................... ................................ 1,484 1,277 933 0 0 0 1,523 1,311 Legislative Branch ............................................................................................................. .................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ..................................................................................... ..................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 State, Foreign Operations ...................................................................................................... ................................................ 0 0 57 236 0 0 0 0 Transportation, Housing & Urban Development .................................................................................... ............................... 0 0 ¥42 0 800 2 0 0 
Totals ......................................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,484 1,277 1,574 1,011 7,643 388 1,523 1,311 
1Spending designated as emergency is not included in the current status of appropriations shown in this table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.007 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7612 December 16, 2016 
TABLE 4—CURRENT LEVEL OF FY 2016 CHIMPS SUBJECT TO S. CON. RES. 11, SECTION 3103 LIMITS (IN MIL-LIONS) AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
Appropriations Bill Budget Authority 
Agriculture, Rural Development, FDA ............................................ 600 Commerce, Justice, Science ........................................................... 9,458 Defense .......................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ..................................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................................. 725 Homeland Security ......................................................................... 176 Interior, Environment ..................................................................... 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education ............................ 6,799 Legislative Branch ......................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ................................... 0 State, Foreign Operations .............................................................. 0 Transportation, Housing & Urban Development ............................ 0 Total CHIMP’s Subject to Limit ............................................ 17,786 S. Con. Res. 11, Section 3103 Limit for FY 2016 ............... 19,100 Total CHIMP’s vs. Limit ........................................................ ¥1,314 
CURRENT LEVEL OF FY 2016 CRIME VICTIMS FUND CHIMP SUBJECT TO S. CON. RES. 11, SECTION 3104 LIMIT (IN MILLIONS) AS OF NOVEMBER 15, 2015 
Budget Authority 
Crime Victims Fund CHIMP ........................................................... 9,000 S. Con. Res. 11, Section 3104 Limit for FY 2016 ........................ 10,800 Total CHIMP’S vs. Limit ................................................................. ¥1,800 TABLE 5—2017 ADVANCE APPROPRIATIONS AS AU-THORIZED BY S. CON. RES. 11 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[Budget Authority, millions] 2017 
Section 3304(c)(2) Limits Appropriate Level ........................................................................... 63,271 Enacted Advances: Accounts Identified for Advances: Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Services ................................................. 51,673 Medical Support and Compliance ...................... 6,524 Medical Facilities ................................................ 5,074 Subtotal, enacted advances
1................................................ 63,271 Enacted Advances vs. Section 601(d)(1) Limit .................... 0 Section 3304(c)(1) Limits Appropriate Level ........................................................................... 28,852 Enacted Advances: Accounts Identified for Advances: Employment and Training Administration ................... 1,772 Education for the Disadvantaged ................................ 10,841 School Improvement Programs .................................... 1,681 Special Education ........................................................ 791 Career, Technical and Adult Education ....................... 9,283 Tenant-based Rental Assistance ................................. 4,000 Project-based Rental Assistance ................................. 400 Subtotal, enacted advances
1................................................ 28,768 Enacted Advances vs. Section 601(d)(2) Limit .................... ¥84 Previously Enacted Advance Appropriations Corporation for Public Broadcasting
2........................................... 445 
Total, enacted advances1.................................................... 92,484 
1Line items may not add to total due to rounding. 
2Funds were appropriated in Public Law 113–235. U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, December 16, 2016. Hon. T
OMPRICE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current through September 30, 2016. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Since our last letter dated June 6, 2016, the Congress has cleared and the President has signed the Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 and Zika Response and Preparedness Act (Public Law 114–223). That act had signifi-cant effects on budget authority in fiscal year 2016. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 HOUSE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
[In millions of dollars] Budget authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacted:a Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... n.a. n.a. 2,676,733 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 1,972,2 12 1,905,523 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 0 500,825 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...........¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 1, 187,392 1,621,469 2,676,733 Enacted Legislation:
b An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ................. ....................................................................... 0 20 0 Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act and the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2 015 (P.L. 114–26) .................................... 0 0 5 Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 445 175 ¥766 Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 5 5 0 Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)
b................................................................................................................... 0 0 99 Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–55) ......................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 130 0 0 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ................................................................................................... ¥2 368 0 Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 0 0 40 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,424 4, 870 269 Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ............................................................................................... 0 1 0 National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... ........................................................................................................ ¥66 ¥50 0 Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (P.L. 114–94) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 72,880 70,252 22 ,137 Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–105) .............................................................. ....................................................................................................... 269 269 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113)
b............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 2,007,155 1,562,597 ¥156,107 Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (P.L. 114–115) ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 32 32 0 Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–125) ............................................................ ....................................................................................................... 20 20 ¥7 Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika R esponse and Preparedness Act (P.L. 114– 223)
c............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 332 0 0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 2,0 84,624 1,638,559 ¥134,330 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ......................................................................................... 6,277 3,802 0 Total Current Level
d............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 3,278,293 3 ,263,830 2,542,403 Total House Resolution
e............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 3,144,530 3,164,5 32 2,698,366 
Current Level Over House Resolution ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 13 3,763 99,298 n.a. Current Level Under House Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ n.a . n.a. 155,963 Memorandum: Revenues, 2016–2025: House Current Level ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... n.a. n.a. 31,808,897 House Resolution
f............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a . 32,325,542 
Current Level Over House Resolution ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. n. a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under House Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ n.a . n.a. 516,645 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this se ssion, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–1); the Department of Homeland Security Approp riations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4) and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 10). 
bPursuant to section 314(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, amounts designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall not count for purposes of Title III and Title IV of the Congressional Budget Act. The amounts so designated for 2016, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget authority Outlays Revenues Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 ................................................. ..................................................................................................... 0 917 0 Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2016 ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 700 775 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......¥2 236 0 Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika R esponse and Preparedness Act (P.L. 114– 223)
c............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 876 0 0 
Total, amounts designated as emergency requirements ............................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 1,574 1,928 0 
cCertain provisions included in Divisions B, C, and D of P.L. 114–223 provided supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 which, on net, provided an additional $1,208 million in budget authority in fiscal year 2016. CBO esti- mated that: Division B would result in an additional $1,108 million in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 for emergency requirements; Section 145 of Division C would result in an additional $500 million in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 for disaster relie f; and Division D would result in decreases in budget authority in fiscal year 2016 of $232 million for emergency requirements, and of  $168 million for amounts not designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2) of the Deficit Control Act. 
dFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the House, the resolution, as approved by the House of  Representatives, does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.014 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7613 December 16, 2016 
ePeriodically, the House Committee on the Budget revises the totals in S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to various provisions of the re solution: Budget authority Outlays Revenues Original House Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 3,039,215 3,091,442 2,676,733 Revisions: Adjustment for Program Integrity Spending ...................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 1,083 924 0 Adjustment for Senate Amendment to H.R. 1295, the Trade Preferences Extension Act, 2015 ........................................ ............................................................................. 445 175 ¥766 Adjustment for H.R. 22, the FAST Act ........................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 72,880 70,25 2 22,137 Adjustment for H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 .............................................. ..................................................................................... 20 20 ¥7 Adjustment to achieve consistency with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 ....................................................... .......................................................................................... 38,012 2,286 269 Technical correction to capture the budgetary effects of H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 .... ............................................................¥7,125 ¥567 0 
Revised House Resolution ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 3,144,530 3,164,532 2,698,366 
fPeriodically, the House Committee on the Budget revises the 2016–2025 revenue totals in S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to various pr ovisions of the resolution. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker on Wednesday, December 14, 2016: 
H.R. 710. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehen-sive security assessment of the transpor-tation security card program, and for other purposes. H.R. 1150. An act to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. H.R. 2726. To require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. H.R. 3784. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation and a Small Business Capital Forma-tion Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3842. An act to improve homeland se-curity, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes. H.R. 4352. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram establishing a patient self-scheduling appointment system, and for other purposes. H.R. 4939. An act to increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean re-gion, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil society in both the United States and the Caribbean, and for other purposes. H.R. 5015. An act to restore amounts im-properly withheld for tax purposes from sev-erance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related injuries, and for other purposes. H.R. 5099. An act to establish a pilot pro-gram on partnership agreements to con-struct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 5612. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Geor-gia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5790. An act to provide adequate pro-tections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. H.R. 5948. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 830 Kuhn Drive in Chula Vista, California, as the ‘‘Jonathan ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 6130. An act to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. H.R. 6138. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hue-neme, California, as the U.S. Naval Con-struction Battalion ‘‘Seabees’’ Fallen Heroes Post Office Building. H.R. 6282. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2024 Jerome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 6302. An ACT to provide an increase in premium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other purposes. H.R. 6304. An ACT to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Ari-zona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 6323. An ACT to name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’. H.R. 6400. An ACT to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in New Jersey. H.R. 6431. An ACT to ensure United States jurisdiction over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in furtherance of border security initiatives. H.R. 6477. An ACT to amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly en-rolled a bill of the House of the fol-lowing title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , on Thursday, December 15, 2016: 
H.R. 6014. An act to allow the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to enter into reimbursable agreements for certain airport projects. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 8. An act to provide for the approval of the Agreement for Cooperation Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Kingdom of Nor-way Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear En-ergy. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 14, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 6451. To improve the Government- wide management of Federal property. H.R. 6452. To implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pa-cific Ocean, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, and for other purposes. H.R. 6450. To amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the Inspectors General, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5889. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mar-iana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6416. To amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 5798. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5877. To amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 and the United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security research and antiterrorism programs relating to cyberse-curity, and for other purposes. H.R. 5356. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. H.R. 5591. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Za-pata Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 5065. To direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to notify air carriers and security screening personnel of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration of such Administration’s guide-lines regarding permitting baby formula, breast milk, purified deionized water, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5150. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5309. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4680. To prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cultural resources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations, and for other purposes. H.R. 875. To provide for alternative financ-ing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and mainte-nance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. H.R. 4465. To decrease the deficit by con-solidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes. H.R. 5676. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.020 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7614 December 16, 2016 
H.R. 5687. To eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office. H.R. 4887. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. H.R. 3218. Designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4618. To designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse located at 121 Spring Street SE in Gainesville, Georgia, as the ‘‘Sidney Oslin Smith, Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. H.R. 960. Designate the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on December 15, 2016, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 6014. To allow the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to enter into reimbursable agreements for cer-tain airport projects. H.R. 6431. To ensure United States jurisdic-tion over offenses committed by United States personnel stationed in Canada in fur-therance of border security initiatives. H.R. 6477. To amend chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, to clarify the exception to foreign sovereign immunity set forth in section 1605(a)(3) of such title. H.R. 6304. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona, as the ‘‘Adolfo ‘Harpo’ Celaya Post Office’’. H.R. 6323. To name the Department of Vet-erans Affairs healthcare system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Med-ical Center’’. H.R. 6400. To revise the boundaries of cer-tain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in New Jersey. H.R. 6282. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2024 Jerome Avenue, in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Dr. Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. Post Office Build-ing’’. H.R. 6302. To provide an increase in pre-mium pay for protective services during 2016, and for other purposes. H.R. 6138. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 560 East Pleasant Valley Road, Port Hueneme, California, as the U.S. Naval Construction Battalion ‘‘Seabees’’ Fallen Heroes Post Of-fice Building. H.R. 6130. To provide the victims of Holo-caust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis. H.R. 5790. To provide adequate protections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. H.R. 5948. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 830 Kuhn Drive in Chula Vista, California, as the ‘‘Jonathan ‘J.D.’ De Guzman Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5015. To restore amounts improperly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or sepa-rated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related injuries, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5099. To establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new fa-cilities for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. H.R. 5612. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3842. To improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and re-sponse to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes. H.R. 4352. To direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out a pilot program es-tablishing a patient self-scheduling appoint-ment system, and for other purposes. H.R. 4939. To increase engagement with the governments of the Caribbean region, the Caribbean diaspora community in the United States, and the private sector and civil soci-ety in both the United States and the Carib-bean, and for other purposes. H.R. 2726. To require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon. H.R. 3784. To amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to establish an Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital For-mation and a Small Business Capital Forma-tion Advisory Committee, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 710. To require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehen-sive security assessment of the transpor-tation security card program, and for other purposes. H.R. 1150. To amend the International Reli-gious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance reli-gious freedom globally through enhanced di-plomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political re-sponses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 944, the House stands adjourned until 4 p.m. on Tuesday, December 20, 2016. Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, De-cember 20, 2016, at 4 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7872. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Raisins Produced From Grapes Grown in California and Imported Raisins; Removal of Language [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0065; SC16- 989-2 FR] received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7873. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Irish Potatoes Grown in Colorado; Modifica-tion of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 2 [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0042; SC16-948-1 FR] received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 7874. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Olives Grown in California; Suspension and Revision of In-coming Size-Grade Requirements [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0031; SC16-932-1 FIR] received De-cember 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7875. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Community Planning and Develop-ment, Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Changes to HOME In-vestment Partnerships (HOME) Program Commitment Requirement [Docket No.: FR 5792-I-01] (RIN: 2501-AD69) received December 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7876. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Departmental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Program; Certifi-cation (RIN: 1505-AC53) received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7877. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, as Amended by the Every Student Succeeds Act —— Innova-tive Assessment Demonstration Authority [Docket ID.: ED-2016-OESE-0047] received De-cember 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7878. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Title I —— Improving the Academic Achievement of the Disadvan-taged —— Academic Assessments [Docket ID: ED-2016-OESE-0053] (RIN: 1810-AB32) re-ceived December 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 7879. A letter from the Director, Civil Rights Center, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s correction — Im-plementation of the Nondiscrimination and Equal Opportunity Provisions of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (RIN: 1291-AA36) received December 7, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7880. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Determination of At-tainment of the 2012 Annual Fine Particulate Matter Standard; Pennsylvania; Delaware County Nonattainment Area [EPA-R03-OAR- 2016-0455; FRL-9956-41-Region 3] received De-cember 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7881. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Designation for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard-Sup-plement to Round 2 for Four Areas in Texas: Freestone and Anderson Counties, Milam County, Rusk and Panola Counties, and Titus County [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0464; FRL- 9956-10-OAR] received December 7, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.018 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7615 December 16, 2016 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7882. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Dicamba; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2010-0496, EPA-HQ-OPP- 2012-0841; FRL-9954-37] received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7883. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Reasonable Further Progress Plan and Motor Vehicle Emissions Budgets for the Dallas/Fort Worth 2008 Ozone Nonattainment Area [EPA-R06- OAR-2015-0495; FRL-9955-52-Region 6] re-ceived December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7884. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Virginia; Removal of Stage II Gasoline Vapor Recovery Require-ments for Gasoline Dispensing Facilities [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0308; FRL-9956-26-Region 3] received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7885. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Okla-homa; Infrastructure for the Lead, Ozone, Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA- R06-OAR-2012-0812; FRL-9955-28-Region 6] re-ceived December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7886. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval/Dis-approval; MS; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2013 PM2.5. National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2012-0424; FRL-9956-35-Region 4] received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7887. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Regulations Implementing FAST Act Sec-tion 61003 — Critical Electric Infrastructure Security and Amending Critical Energy In-frastructure Information; Availability of Certain North American Electric Reliability Corporation Databases to the Commission [Docket Nos.: RM16-15-000 and RM15-25-001; Order No.: 833] received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7888. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on the deliv-ery of defense articles and services to France, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2318(b)(2); Pub-lic Law 87-195, Sec. 506(b)(2) (as amended by Public Law 96-92, Sec. 5(b)); (93 Stat. 702); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7889. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notification that the Department has completed delivery of de-fense articles and services to France, the Af-rican Union, Burundi, the Republic of the Congo, Chad, Cameroon, Gabon, Uganda, Rwanda and other countries that contribute forces to the African Union led International Support Mission in the Central African Re-public, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2318(b)(2); Pub-lic Law 87-195, Sec. 506(b)(2) (as amended by Public Law 96-92, Sec. 5(b)); (93 Stat. 702); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7890. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the final report on the national emergency with Cote d’Ivoire that was declared in Executive Order 13396 of February 7, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7891. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7892. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice of Proposed Lease Pursuant to Section 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No. 10-16; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7893. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7894. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the Export Administration Regulations: Removal of Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation from the List of Validated End-Users in the People’s Republic of China [Docket No.: 161005927-6927-01] (RIN: 0694-AH16) received December 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 7895. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the Export Administration Regulations: Removal of Special Iraq Recon-struction License [Docket No.: 160303182-6999- 02] (RIN: 0694-AG89) received December 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7896. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Philippines Transmittal No. 16-71, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 7897. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-102, pursuant to Sections 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7898. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting a detailed report justifying the reasons for the extension of locality-based com-parability payments to non-General Sched-ule categories of positions that are in more than one executive agency, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5304(h)(2)(C); Public Law 89-554, Sec. 5304(h) (as added by Public Law 102-378, Sec. 2(26)(E)(ii)); (106 Stat. 1349); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7899. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Financial Stability Oversight Council, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting the Council’s interim final rule — Revision of Freedom of Information Act Regulations received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7900. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Office of the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7901. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Endowment’s Office of the Inspector Gen-eral’s Semiannual Report to the Congress and the Charmian’s Semiannual Report on Final Action Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspection Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the period of April 1, 2016 through Sep-tember 30, 2016, pursuant to μ5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7902. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmit-ting the Performance and Accountability Re-port for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7903. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-cer, National Labor Relations Board, trans-mitting the Board’s 2016 Annual Perform-ance and Accountability Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7904. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Redefinition of Certain Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas (RIN: 3206-AN38) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7905. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s proposed rule — Employment in the Excepted Service (RIN: 3206-AN30) re-ceived December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7906. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s notice of proposed rule — Re-moval of Eligible Family Members from Ex-isting Self and Family Enrollments (RIN: 3206-AN43) received December 9, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7907. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Recruitment, Selec-tion, and Placement (General) And Suit-ability (RIN: 3206-AN25) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16DE7.000 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7616 December 16, 2016 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7908. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s interim final rule — Federal Em-ployees Health Benefits And Federal Em-ployees Dental And Vision Insurance Pro-grams’; Coverage Exception For Children Of Same-Sex Domestic Partners (RIN: 3206- AN34) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7909. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Redefinition of the New York, NY, and Philadelphia, PA, Appropriated Fund Fed-eral Wage System Wage Areas (RIN: 3206- AN29) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7910. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s proposed rule — Federal Employ-ees Health Benefits Program: Removal of In-eligible Individuals from Existing Enroll-ments (RIN: 3206-AN09) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7911. A letter from the Chairman, U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, transmit-ting a report titled ‘‘Adverse Actions: A Compilation of Articles’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1204(a)(3); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 7912. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Election Commission, transmitting thirteen legislative recommendations approved unanimously by the Commission, pursuant to 52 U.S.C. 30111(a)(9); Public Law 92-225, Sec. 311(a)(9) (as amended by Public Law 107- 252, Sec. 801(b)); (116 Stat. 1726); to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 7913. A letter from the Deputy Director, Operations, National Park Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the de-tailed boundaries, classification descrip-tions, and maps for the Snake River Head-waters, in Wyoming, pursuant to 16 U.S.C. 1274(b); Public Law 90-542, Sec. 3(b) (as amended by Public Law 100-534, Sec. 501); (102 Stat. 2708); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7914. A letter from the Division Chief, Reg-ulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Manage-ment, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Resource Management Planning [Docket ID: BLM- 2016-0002; LLWO210000.17X.L16100000.PN0 00] (RIN: 1004-AE39) received December 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7915. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfers [Docket No.: 151130999-6225-01] (RIN: 0648-XF049) received December 9, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7916. A letter from the Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a deci-sion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, United States v. Beecroft, 825 F.3d 991 (9th Cir. 2016), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7917. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Visas: Classification of Immediate Family Members as A, C-3, G, and NATO Non-immigrants [Public Notice: 9638] (RIN: 1400- AD96) received December 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7918. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Departmental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Program; Adjustment to Civil Penalty Amount Under the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 7919. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31105; Amdt. No.: 3721] received December 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 7920. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Effluent Limitations Guide-lines and Standards for the Oil and Gas Ex-traction Point Source Category — Imple-mentation Date Extension [EPA-HQ-OW- 2014-0598; FRL-9956-05-OW] (RIN: 2040-AF68) received December 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 7921. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Regulation and Policy Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Extension of Pharmacy Copayments for Medications (RIN: 2900-AP87) received December 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 7922. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2015 Annual Report to the Congress on the Child Support Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 652(a)(10); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title IV, Sec. 452 (as amended by Pub-lic Law 93-647, Sec. 101(a)); (88 Stat. 2352); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7923. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2016 Guidance with Respect to the Tax Credit for Employee Health Insurance Expenses of Certain Small Employers [No-tice 2016-75] received December 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7924. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — December 2016 Supplement to Rev. Proc. 2014-64, Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations (Rev. Proc. 2016-56) received December 8, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7925. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Reports to Congress for Fiscal Years 2011-2014 for the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Pro-gram’’, pursuant to Sec. 2610(a) of the Omni-bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981, as amended; jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Education and the Workforce. 7926. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting documents concerning the im-plementation of commitments in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action by the P5+1 (the United States, the United Kingdom, France, China, Russia, and Germany) and Iran, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the Iran Threat Reduc-tion and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2012; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2045. A bill to provide that certain bad faith communications in connec-tion with the assertion of a United States patent are unfair or deceptive acts or prac-tices, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–877). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3857. A bill to require the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Financial Stability Over-sight Council to carry out certain require-ments under the Financial Stability Act of 2010 before making any new determination under section 113 of such Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–878). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Report of the Activities of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives during the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress (Rept. 114–879). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4783 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , and Mr. B ARLETTA ): H.R. 6530. A bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit the provision of funds under such title to institu-tions of higher education that violate the immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16DE7.000 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7617 December 16, 2016 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clauses 4 and 18. ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions as follows: 
H.R. 1095: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1427: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 2405: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2889: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3166: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3713: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5207: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5358: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5593: Mr. H
INES, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. R USH, and Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia. H.R. 5689: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5896: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 5902: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 6100: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 6340: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. H
INES. H.R. 6382: Mr. H
INES, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 6397: Mr. J
ONES . H.J. Res. 47: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Con. Res. 169: Mr. U
PTON and Ms. S
INEMA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.008 H16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7171 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2016 No. 181 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 and 1 second a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
ILL CASSIDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, December 16, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ILLCASSIDY , a Sen- ator from the State of Louisiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. CASSIDY thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 2016, AT 9:30 A.M. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until Tuesday, December 20, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10 and 29 seconds a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, December 20, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Dec 16, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.000 S16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1719 December 16, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHARLOTTE M
CGALLICHER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize the tremendous work of my constituent Ms. Charlotte McGallicher of Round Hill, Virginia. Ms. McGallicher is a graduate and Student Ambassador of Monroe Technology Center where she received a cer-tification in residential and commercial air con-ditioning, refrigeration and heating equipment repair. This fall she will attend the University of South Alabama to study nursing. Whether assisting local businesses with her HVAC cer-tification or helping Loudoun County parents and students as a Student Ambassador, she always makes a positive contribution to her community. In her most recent undertaking, Ms. McGallicher helped a local business owner, June Bush of Lothar’s Gourmet Sausages in Purcellville, save her malfunctioning freezer whose manufacturer had gone out of busi-ness. Without a warranty, June was ready to throw away the freezer and buy a new one. But Ms. McGallicher—with the help of her HVAC teacher, Marty Park, and her fellow classmates—identified the freezer’s problem and fixed it. Putting her skills to work, Ms. McGallicher was able to lend a helping hand to a neighbor in need. Today, science, technology, engineering and math are critical to the future of our na-tion. It is young STEM leaders, like Ms. McGallicher, who will help the United States maintain its vital lead in the global economy for the next generation. I strongly encourage Ms. McGallicher, and all of my constituents, to continue exploring and developing their tal-ents. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Ms. Charlotte McGallicher for her dedication to serving her community and helping others. I wish her all the best in all her future endeavors. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE RETIRE-MENT OF CATERPILLAR INC. CEO DOUGLAS OBERHELMAN 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize Douglas Oberhelman of Peo-ria, Illinois for his notable tenure as Chief Ex-ecutive Officer of Caterpillar Inc. In 1975, Douglas began his career with Cat-erpillar in the treasury department. Since then, he has established himself as a leader and has participated in various businesses across the company. His talent and drive led to him being selected as Caterpillar’s Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1995. Sixteen years later, Oberhelman was named Chairman of the Board of Directors and Caterpillar’s Chief Executive Officer. Despite being named CEO in the midst of an economic crisis, Douglas led Caterpillar to the highest sales and revenue peak in com-pany history. In addition to record high sales, Douglas focused on improving customer serv-ice and safety standards within the company and across the world. Throughout his career, Oberhelman has had the distinguished honor of serving on the Board of Directors of the Exxon Mobil Cor-poration, the Business Council, and being named Chairman of the Business Roundtable. Additionally, his remarkable leadership in the industry was further recognized when he was named Chair of the National Association of Manufacturers. Further, Douglas and his wife, Diane, have been generous supporters of our local community with longstanding donations of time and resources to the Easter Seals Foundation of Central Illinois, Millikin Univer-sity, the Boy Scouts of America, and a mul-titude of conservation organizations and ef-forts. Douglas is known throughout Central Illinois for not only his outstanding business acumen, but also his innovative and visionary leader-ship of Caterpillar. Our community has been fortunate to benefit from the hard work and leadership of Douglas Oberhelman, I extend my sincerest congratulations to him on a suc-cessful career and I look forward to seeing his legacy continue in Central Illinois. f 
ELECTORS MUST BE BRIEFED BY INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY ON ACTIVITIES OF ENTITIES ALLIED WITH GOVERNMENT OF RUSSIA UNDERTAKEN TO INFLUENCE THE OUTCOME OF 2016 PRESI-DENTIAL ELECTION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee; ranking member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, I rise today in sup-port of the request of several Presidential Electors to be briefed by the Intelligence Com-munities regarding the activities of the Govern-ment of Russia to influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. Further, since this information bears directly on the decision to be made by the Electors, it must be provided to them before they are re-quired to assemble in the several state cap-itals to cast their votes. Mr. Speaker, the linchpin of representative democracies such as the United States is pub-lic confidence in the political system, regime, and community. That confidence in turn rests upon the ex-tent to which the public has faith that the sys-tem employed to select its leaders accurately reflects its preferences. At bottom, this means that all citizens cast-ing a vote have a fundamental right and rea-sonable expectation that the votes cast count and are counted. This means that the American people must be able to freely elect their leaders without in-terference, covert or overt, from foreign gov-ernments or entities allied with foreign powers. As Alexander Hamilton explained in Fed-eralist Paper No. 68, ‘‘On the Mode of Electing the President,’’ the Constitution reposes in each person chosen to serve as an Elector the sacred trust of disregarding the ‘talents for low intrigue, and the little arts of popularity,’ and instead selecting as President the person who is in the most ‘eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications.’ The facts related to the activities of the Gov-ernment of Russia to influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election bear directly on the decision to be made by the Electors and thus should be made known to them before they are required to assemble in the several state capitals to cast their votes. In Federalist Paper No. 68, Alexander Ham-ilton warned that one of the ‘‘most deadly ad-versaries of republican government arises ‘chiefly from the desire in foreign powers to gain an improper ascendant in our councils’ and points out that there is no better way to achieve this objective than ‘than by raising a creature of their own to [be President], the chief magistracy of the Union.’ To guard against foreign machinations of this sort, the Constitution entrusted the selec-tion of the President to Electors, ‘persons, se-lected by their fellow-citizens from the general mass, most likely to possess the information and discernment requisite to such complicated investigations’ as choice of President. Given the gravity and consequences of the decision they are to make, it is essential that information they deem material to their delib-erations should and must be provided to them. In this instance, that means being briefed by the Intelligence Community prior to December 19, 2016 regarding the activities of entities al-lied with the Government of Russia under-taken to influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. 
f 
MICHAEL PELLEGRINO BEING NAMED A FINALIST FOR THE WASHINGTON POST’S 2016 PRIN-CIPAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Michael Pellegrino for being named 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.001 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1720 December 16, 2016 
a finalist for the Washington Post’s 2016 Prin-cipal of the Year Award. Mr. Pellegrino is the principal of Evergreen Mill Elementary School in Leesburg, Virginia. Mr. Pellegrino has led Evergreen Mill Ele-mentary with distinction for the last five years. He has been lauded for embracing out-of-the- box techniques to ensure that his students have everything they need to succeed in the classroom. He was one of the first principals to institute the Backpack Buddies and Study Buddies programs. These programs send weekend meals home for hundreds of stu-dents and offer a mentor and tutoring program respectively. For these actions and many oth-ers, Mr. Pellegrino received the Washington Post Distinguished Educator Leader Award this year. Coming from a family of educators, I appre-ciate the invaluable role that educators play in inspiring our students and communities. The work Mr. Pellegrino has done, and continues to do at Evergreen Mill will inspire and shape the lives of countless young men and women for decades to come. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mi-chael Pellegrino for being named a finalist for the Washington Post’s 2016 Principal of the Year Award. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating him on this honor, and I wish him nothing but success in his future endeav-ors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MOORE CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Moore Catholic High School varsity football team for winning the Catholic High School Football League Class A division championship. After a championship drought lasting 13 years, the Mavericks defeated Cardinal Spell-man High School 32–22 last month to capture the Class A title. With only three seniors on the team, these young athletes proved that hard work, dedication, and perseverance are the keys to victory. After this resounding vic-tory, I can certainly see why Moore Catholic has asked the Catholic High School Athletic Association to allow them to join the AA divi-sion. The Mavericks never backed down from tough competition this past season, and they definitely won’t back down next season. Led by Head Coach Nick Giannatasio, the Mavericks plowed through their opponents in the regular season to finish with an 8–2 record. This young team also showed its dominance in the stats. Wide Receiver Zach Hampton finished the season third overall in receiving yards in their division; Quarterback Vincenzo Scarola second in passing yards; and Running Back Justin Lacks first in rushing yards and touchdowns. But as each of them knows, you always put your team before any personal glory. The Mavericks exemplified teamwork and cooperation, so their champion-ship should come as no surprise to their class-mates, teachers, or parents. Mr. Speaker, this team gave their time, ef-fort, and sweat to be where they are today. Their championship was well deserved and I wish them nothing but continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTHERN RE-SEARCH FOR 75 YEARS OF SERV-ING OUR NATION THROUGH SCIENCE AND INNOVATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to recognize Southern Re-search, a crown jewel of scientific and engi-neering research and innovation headquartered in the 7th District of Alabama, on its 75th Anniversary. Throughout its 75-year history, Southern Research’s scientists and researchers have been extraordinary stewards of the federal and private funds they have earned to solve our nation’s most pressing challenges, including finding cancer cures, fighting infectious dis-eases, supporting our nation’s defense, pro-tecting our environment, and creating clean energy technologies, among many others. Since 1941, the researchers and scientists at Southern Research have performed work on behalf of countless private and government organizations, including the National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of Energy, NASA, and others in the healthcare, aero-space, and utility industries, in seeking to re-solve the world’s greatest challenges. Southern Research is headquartered in Bir-mingham, Alabama and today, hires nearly 500 scientists and engineers working in lab-oratories and offices in Wilsonville and Hunts-ville, Alabama; Frederick, Maryland; Durham, North Carolina; Houston, Texas; and Cartersville, Georgia. Southern Research’s drug development record, particularly for FDA-approved anticancer drugs, rivals any other nonprofit re-search organization in the United States. Today, Southern Research is developing 18 drugs to combat various forms of cancer, ALS, Alzheimer’s, diabetes, kidney disease, Parkin-son’s and tuberculosis, among others. The drug development division also has an out-standing and notable record of achievement in infectious diseases and vaccine development, particularly work in HIV/AIDS, and mosquito borne viruses, such as Zika. Southern Research has evaluated roughly half of the 200 FDA-approved cancer drugs on the market today and has successfully discov-ered seven of them. One of these drugs is Clofarabine, which was given FDA approval in 2004 and is used in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. It is currently being used to treat children not only at Children’s Hospital of Ala-bama in Birmingham but at hospitals around the world. In addition to drug discovery and develop-ment, Southern Research has a long history of technology development in engineering, in-cluding work on Prompt Global Strike and an aerial engineering system used by NASA to capture full motion high definition video of rocket launches. The scientists in the Energy and Environ-ment division at Southern Research are at the forefront of work to produce cleaner energy and water, develop new sources of energy, and drive innovation that addresses climate change and coincides with the Clean Tech Revolution nationally. It is clear the investments our federal gov-ernment has made in Southern Research are dwarfed by the returns our nation and world have received from the achievements this prestigious research organization has made in its four divisions: Drug Discovery, Drug Devel-opment, Engineering, and Energy and Envi-ronment. The people of Southern Research, from its current president and CEO, Art Tipton, to all of the visionaries who have worked tirelessly in its labs and offices over the past 75 years, are to be commended on this tremendous occa-sion. The feats they have achieved, through the legacy of Southern Research’s founder, Tom Martin, have benefitted not only the South, but the entire nation and world. It is a privilege and honor to represent Southern Research in Congress. I extend not only my congratulations on 75 years of groundbreaking accomplishments, but my sin-cere gratitude to the remarkable people of Southern Research for the work they have done to improve the lives of countless people across the world through research and innova-tion over the past 75 years. 
f 
ON MARK MILLER RECEIVING THE VIRGINIA LIBRARY ASSOCIA-TION’S TRUSTEE LIBRARY AWARD 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mark Miller on receiving the Vir-ginia Library Association’s Trustee Library Award. Mr. Miller has diligently served the Loudoun community for many years and is more than deserving of this honor. Loudoun County’s public libraries are an enormously important resource for our com-munity, as they serve as centers of knowledge and learning. His efforts to expand and im-prove LCPL have resulted in a number of great developments such as the future Brambleton Public Library. I cannot stress enough how important it is too have leaders like Mark, who understand the needs and character of our community. His dedication to improving both our district and the country as a whole is evident through his work on Loudoun County Public Library’s Board of Trustees. I am proud to call Mark a friend as I have had the privilege of working with him and his wife Ellyn through the Smashing Walnuts Foundation. I look forward to continuing to work with him to better our community. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mark Miller for receiving the Virginia Library Association’s Trustee Li-brary Award. It is a privilege to represent him and I wish him all the best in his future en-deavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.004 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1721 December 16, 2016 
S. 3084 AMERICAN INNOVATION AND COMPETITIVENESS ACT 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support S. 3084, the American In-novation and Competitiveness Act. This bill represents a bicameral, bipartisan agreement between legislation that recently passed the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee and nine House Science Committee bills that passed the full House over the last two years, including H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015. This bill maximizes the nation’s investment in basic research. It improves accountability and transparency, reduces administrative bur-den on researchers, enhances agency over-sight, which improves research coordination, and reforms federal science agency programs to increase the impact of taxpayer-funded re-search. The investment in basic research helps boost U.S. competitiveness, creates jobs and spurs new business and industries. First and foremost, the bill helps ensure that research grants funded by the National Science Foundation are in the ‘‘national inter-est.’’ The House and Senate worked together to find common ground on language that ensures each NSF grant award has scientific merit and is required to serve the national interest through a broader impacts criterion, which supports one of seven goals. These goals are: Increasing the economic competitiveness in the United States. Advancing of the health and welfare of the American public. Supporting the national defense of the United States. Enhancing partnerships between academia and industry in the United States. Developing an American STEM workforce that is globally competitive through improved prekindergarten through grade 12 STEM edu-cation and teacher development, and im-proved ungraduated STEM education and in-struction. Improving public scientific literacy and public engagement with science and technology in the United States. Expanding participation of women and indi-viduals from underrepresented groups in STEM. Each public NSF award announcement must make clear, in non-technical language, how at least one of these goals is met, affirm-ing that the project is worthy of taxpayer sup-port, based on scientific merit and national in-terest. The American Innovation and Competitive-ness Act preserves the intent of H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act, a bill I authored that passed the House earlier this year. I believe this provision will go a long way to-wards ensuring the grant-making process at NSF is transparent and accountable to the American public. It also makes permanent and enhances some of the reforms NSF already has underway. Title I of the bill includes key provisions from House-passed H.R. 5049, the NSF Major Fa-cility Research Reform Act, introduced by Science Committee Oversight Chairman BARRY LOUDERMILK . It also requires NSF to address concerns about waste and abuse. It improves oversight of large facility construction, increases over-sight on the use of rotator personnel, and up-dates conflict of interest policies. S. 3084 incorporates a number of provisions to improve research coordination across the federal government in computing, neuro-science, cybersecurity and the physical sciences, specifically radiation biology, fusion energy, and high energy physics. Most notably, Title I of the bill contains House-passed H.R. 5312, the Networking and Information Technology Research and Devel-opment (NITRD) Act, authored by Science Committee Member D
ARIN LAHOOD. The bill updates and improves the inter-agency NITRD program, which coordinates the Federal R&D investment portfolio in un-classified networking, computing, software and cybersecurity. Additionally, S. 3084 includes other en-hancements to federal cybersecurity research and standards. The bill directs the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to study the effectiveness of federal agency information se-curity programs and practices, and the chal-lenges to federal agencies’ implementation of NIST standards and guidelines. Other provisions also are included from H.R. 6066, the Cybersecurity Responsibility and Ac-countability Act of 2016, introduced by Rep-resentative R
ALPH ABRAHAM , which passed the Science Committee in September. Title II includes H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act. This House- passed bill sponsored by the Research & Technology Subcommittee Chair B
ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK helps reduce the regulatory bur-dens on federally funded researchers, so more time can be spent on research, not redtape. Title III of the bill improves coordination of STEM education activities across the Federal Government. A well-educated and trained high-tech workforce ensures our future eco-nomic prosperity. This means motivating more American stu-dents to study science, math, and engineering so they will want to pursue these careers. The bill authorizes a STEM education advisory panel of outside experts to help guide federal STEM education program decision making and help ensure the best results for the tax-payer investment. The title also continues the commitment of the STEM Education Act, a law I authored, which makes computer science part of STEM Education. That bill authorizes grants for com-puter science education research as an inte-gral part of STEM education programs. Finally, title IV and title V include a number of provisions to improve manufacturing innova-tion and leveraging the private sector in im-proved public-private partnerships. It includes updates to NIST’s Manufacturing Extension Program to improve participation and oversight. It promotes entrepreneurship education by expanding NSF’s successful In-novation Corps program. And it expands op-portunities for science prize competitions by reducing barriers and providing participants with IP protections. America’s future economic strength and na-tional security depends on innovation. Public and private investments in research and de-velopment fuel the economy, create jobs and lead to new technologies that benefit Ameri-cans’ daily lives. I urge adoption of this pro-science bill that will help America remain the global leader in basic research discovery and technological in-novation. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT AND CAREER OF DOUG PETERSON, PRESIDENT OF THE MINNESOTA FARMERS UNION 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute and honor the career of Doug Peterson, who will retire from his position as President of the Minnesota Farmers Union on December 31, 2016. For more than two dec-ades, Doug has served Minnesotans as an elected official and as leader of the state’s largest nonprofit representing farmers and their families. As a member of the Minnesota State Legis-lature from 1990 to 2002, Representative Peterson protected the economic interests and quality of life of family farmers and rural com-munities. As a fellow legislator, it was an honor to serve with him for eight years and work closely with him on the Environment and Natural Resources Committee and later on the Environment, Natural Resources and Agri-culture Finance Committee. I witnessed first- hand the level of expertise and commitment he brought to his work. It is a privilege to con-tinue to call him a friend and an ally on issues important to Minnesota’s families. Beginning in 2002, Peterson became presi-dent of the Minnesota Farmers Union. Few people have had more of a positive and last-ing impact on Minnesota agriculture policy. A fierce advocate for Minnesota’s family farmers, he has worked tirelessly to shape and pro-mote policies that protect their financial inter-ests. His hard work on behalf of the farming community was most recently acknowledged when he was awarded with the 2016 Distin-guished Friend of Extension by the University of Minnesota. His leadership as the head of the Minnesota Farmers Union and work with Extension has advanced family farming and helped ensure that farmers are provided with the tools they need on and off the farm to suc-ceed, Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the distinguished career of Doug Peterson and his tremendous work on behalf of Minnesotans. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. RICHARD T. GILLESPIE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to use this time in recognition of Mr. Richard T. Gillespie, an extraordinarily gifted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.006 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1722 December 16, 2016 
leader and educator from Loudoun County in the 10th Congressional District of Virginia. Mr. Gillespie is retiring from his position as Execu-tive Director at the Mosby Heritage Area Asso-ciation after over ten years of protecting his-toric landmarks throughout our great Com-monwealth. Prior to joining the Mosby Heritage Area As-sociation, Mr. Gillespie served the Loudoun community for 30 years as a distinguished ed-ucator at Loudoun Valley High School in Purcellville, Virginia. During his time with Loudoun Valley High School he was able to shape the lives of countless young men and women. Coming from a family of educators, I appre-ciate the invaluable role that educators play in inspiring our students and communities. The work Mr. Gillespie has done both at Loudoun Valley High School and in the wider commu-nity to preserve the history of our area will be felt for decades to come. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Mr. Richard T. Gillespie for his unbelievable work teaching and preserving history over the decades, and his unwavering dedication to the people of Loudoun County. It is an honor to represent Mr. Gillespie, and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTIAN ‘‘CHRIS’’ J. SCHOPPMEYER 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Christian ‘‘Chris’’ J. Schoppmeyer, whose self-lessness, generosity, and love for his family improved the lives of those fortunate enough to know him or benefit from his work as a cus-todian of the public interest. Born in Queens, New York on January 28, 1957 to Frederick Freyer and Helen Grace (Eisinger) Schoppmeyer, he was raised by his mother Helen and stepfather William Schoppmeyer. A graduate of Unity College in Maine and Daniel Webster College in New Hampshire, Mr. Schoppmeyer began his law enforcement career in 1977 with the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department. In 1980, he built on his investigations experience by moving to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice where he enforced laws that protected wildlife and the land that sustains it. Mr. Schoppmeyer spent the last 21 years of his career as a Special Agent at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration en-forcing federal marine laws and treaties begin-ning in 1987. He strengthened his growing reputation as a passionate, principled leader and mentor. Former colleagues tell detailed stories about how he inspired them through his actions to follow in his line of work, and how we went out of his way for those who sought his counsel. Mr. Schoppmeyer gave back to his profes-sion by being more than just a mentor. The leadership positions he held within the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association are many; Agency President for the NOAA Fish-eries Service, Office for Law Enforcement, Founder and President of the New Hampshire chapter, Vice President for Agency Affairs, and Vice President of Program and Develop-ment. For many years, Chris organized fundraiser events for the National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial Fund and the FLEOA Founda-tion (NLEOMF) by organizing law enforcement appreciation events with the Boston Red Sox organization. Through his efforts, Chris raised thousands of dollars for both organizations. Last July, while he was battling terminal can-cer, he organized and planned the Canine Law Enforcement Appreciation night at Fenway Park. This was a major undertaking with many moving parts, but Chris saw it through flawlessly. Mr. Schoppmeyer gave back to his commu-nity by sharing his passion and talents for the outdoors with children. The Newmarket Fish-ing Derby (cofounder), Newmarket School to Career program (volunteer), and Newmarket Conservation Commission (Chairman) are all marks of his legacy. The accomplishments and accolades tell a story of excellence across his endeavors. Strafford Rivers Conservationist of the Year; Chevron National Conservation Award, Citizen Volunteer Category; NH Governor Conserva-tionist of the Year; Conservation Law Enforce-ment Chief’s Special Agent of The Year; NOAA/ NMFS Bronze Award; Federal Law En-forcement Officers Association Investigative Excellence Award; U.S. Attorney’s Office, Connecticut, Certificate of Recognition; Coast-al Conservation Association, Conservationist of The Year; New Hampshire Congressional Law Enforcement Award; and NOAA/NMFS Silver Award. The theme of selflessness that permeated all aspects of his life was on display when he last testified before Congress on July 28, 2015. He endured the stress of being the sole witness for the minority with grace, candor, re-spect, and clarity without breathing a word of his recent stage 4 pancreatic cancer diagnosis and ongoing treatment. He preferred that the focus be on providing the best defense of his profession and the natural world that he and his colleagues sought to protect every day. With characteristic humility, he described his work and that of his peers in the hearing; ‘‘We protect natural resources. We also protect the public that visits these parks.’’ Nothing was more important to Mr. Schoppmeyer than his family. He loved his wife of 34 years, Terri, deeply. He spoke with beaming pride of his son, Travis, daughter, Erin, and his grandkids, Jakoby and Violet. He was irrevocably dedicated to his mother Helen Schoppmeyer, his Daughter-in-law Carolyn, brother Steven Schoppmeyer and his wife Mary, his sister Susan Gray and her husband Dennis, and his nieces, nephews, and cous-ins. Please join me in celebrating Chris Schoppmeyer whose selflessness, devotion to family, and passion for the outdoors left the word a better place when he left it than when he arrived. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 159 OF THE M
CHENRY COUNTY COUN-CIL 
HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-ognize Boy Scout Troop 159 of the McHenry County Council in Illinois as they celebrate their 100th Anniversary this year. Thanks to First United Methodist Church of Woodstock, Troop 159 is one of the oldest continuously chartered troops in the country with thousands of Scouts having belonged to the Troop through the years. For more than a century, young men in the McHenry County area have had the oppor-tunity to grow in character, physical fitness and civic duty through their time in Scouting. Although our world has changed dramatically since the inception of Troop 159, the skills and virtues needed to live honorably have not. Courage, empathy, resourcefulness and re-sponsibility are timeless. Troop 159 has nur-tured these qualities through Scouting and has been a constant source of positive influence on the surrounding communities. We look for-ward to the Troop’s next 100 years of fruitful service. I salute Troop 159 for their service to our community and to the state of Illinois. To the Scouts, their family and friends that support them, we say thank you and congratulations on your 100th Anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JIM NORTHUP’S RETIREMENT FROM THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to take this time to recognize Jim Northup, who has served our nation for 36 years as an extraordinary leader within the National Park Service and will be hanging up his ranger hat and retiring on January 2, 2017. My constituents in the Northern Shen-andoah Valley and I owe Jim Northup a spe-cial debt of gratitude for going beyond the call of duty concerning the Cedar Creek and Belle Grove National Historical Park, a small but historically important partnership park that is primarily located in my Congressional District. After its superintendent retired, the park was left without sufficient leadership and there was great concern that it would not get the atten-tion from the NPS that it needed. Jim, who was already the Superintendent of one of the busiest parks in the nation at Shenandoah Na-tional Park, took on the additional role of Su-perintendent of the smaller historical park. He generously gave of his time and energy in working with site managers Amy Bracewell and Karen Beck-Herzog to achieve a number of significant improvements in park planning, operations, community relations, and to ac-complish an ambitious celebration of the Na-tional Park Service Centennial at the park. Always ready for a challenge, Northup began his work with the National Park Service in Shenandoah National Park as a seasonal ranger. Over the course of his remarkable ca-reer, Jim has worked as an interpretive and protection ranger, a natural resources spe-cialist, a wildland fire and aviation specialist, a chief law enforcement ranger, and for the past 12 years, as a superintendent. His assign-ments have included work at Big Bend, Grand Canyon, Great Smoky Mountains, Grand Teton, Guadalupe Mountains and Shenandoah national parks, and Cape Hatteras and Fire Is-land national seashores, the Buffalo National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.008 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1723 December 16, 2016 
River, Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore, and Cedar Creek and Belle Grove National Histor-ical Park. He has also done international con-servation work in Mexico, Canada, the Repub-lic of Georgia and China. Mr. Speaker, I wish to conclude my remarks by asking my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing and thanking Parks Superintendent Jim Northup, an extraordinary public servant and patriot who has gone significantly beyond what would be expected of any individual, to learn about the magnificent beauty of our natural re-sources, our fascinating national history, and to do all that he could to protect, preserve and share what he had learned with his fellow citi-zens and with visitors from around the world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COACH TIM THORNTON 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Tim Thornton, Head Coach of Peoria High School football, for his outstanding sea-son and recognition as Coach of the Year. Recently, Coach Thornton’s football team won the Class 5A Illinois High School Associa-tion State Football Championship. In addition to this incredible accomplishment, Coach Thornton was honored with the title of Illinois Coach of the Year by Friday Night Football Magazine, and received Athletico’s Coach of the Year Award. Since Coach Thornton began his tenure as head football coach of Peoria High School, the team has made remarkable strides. This sea-son, Coach Thornton achieved a record of 13– 1, the best in the school’s history. However, their success did not stop there as the team also went on to win the Big 12 Conference Championship and the Illinois State Cham-pionship, another best for the school’s football program. Coach Thornton has worked tirelessly with his players not only on the field, but also off, helping them to become valuable members of our community. As an extraordinary coach and mentor, Coach Thornton exemplifies what can be achieved through hard work and dedica-tion. He is an invaluable member of our com-munity and the 18th District, and I am honored to share the same hometown and values. Coach Thornton is an extraordinary role model for the youth in our community, and I look forward to the great accomplishments that he will achieve in the future. I congratu-late him on not only a fantastic season, but also a most deserved recognition as Coach of the Year. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF LAWRENCE K. DODGE 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and honor the life of Lawrence K. Dodge, who passed away on December 1, 2016. A third-generation Californian and San Bernardino County native, Mr. Dodge grew up on a citrus farm in Redlands. He joined the U.S. Marine Corps after high school and served as an aviator with the 1st Marine Air-craft Wing. In 1969, at the age of twenty- seven, Mr. Dodge became the youngest CEO of a national insurance group. Dodge went on to found the American Sterling Corporation in 1977. Through the years, Mr. Dodge was a gen-erous philanthropist who gave back signifi-cantly to his community, including a gift to his high school, Redlands High School, which en-abled the construction of Dodge Stadium. Dodge was also instrumental in the develop-ment of the Lawrence and Kristin Dodge Col-lege of Film and Media Arts, through what was, at the time, the largest single gift in Chapman’s history. Dodge supported a wide range of organizations and projects serving families and children. Many future generations will continue to enjoy the benefits of Mr. Dodge’s perpetual kindness. Always the optimist, Mr. Dodge will be remembered for his interminable service to his country and his community. f 
JOHN TUCK BEING NAMED THE RECIPIENT OF THE WASHINGTON POST’S 2016 AGNES MEYER AWARD 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize John Tuck for being named the re-cipient for the Washington Post’s 2016 Agnes Meyer Award. Mr. Tuck is the fifth grade math and science teacher at Rolling Ridge Elemen-tary School in Sterling, Virginia. Mr. Tuck has served at Rolling Ridge Ele-mentary with distinction for the last five years. He has been lauded for embracing out-of-the- box techniques to ensure that his students have everything they need to succeed in the classroom. Instead of desks, Mr. Tuck opts for four stations in order to involve every student, from the highest skill level to the lowest. He uses real life math situations in order to en-gage his students while creating a base for solid math concepts that his students will need throughout life. For these actions and many others, Mr. Tuck received the Washington Post Agnes Meyer Award this year. Coming from a family of educators, I appre-ciate the invaluable role that educators play in inspiring our students and communities. The work Mr. Tuck has done, and continues to do at Rolling Ridge will inspire and shape the lives of countless young men and women for decades to come. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize John Tuck for being named a finalist for the Washington Post’s 2016 Agnes Meyer Award. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating him on this honor, and I wish him noth-ing but success in his future endeavors. OPINION PIECE BY BERNARD ARONSON HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD an excellent opinion piece by Bernard Aronson, the United States Special Envoy to the Colombian Peace Proc-ess, which was published in the New York Times on December 14, 2016. Mr. Aronson has played a crucial role in supporting Colom-bian President Juan Manuel Santos in bringing an end to his country’s 52 year war with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). I very much appreciate Mr. Aronson’s service to our country. Moving forward, I believe we must support Colombia in peace just as we have supported the country through years of war. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues in the next Congress in doing just that. 
COLOMBIA NEEDS HELP TO MAKEPEACE LAST (By Bernard Aronson, Dec. 13, 2016) O
SLO.—On Nov. 29, a 6-year-old Colombian girl, Yisely Isarama, was killed by a land mine in Choco Province. The same day, the Colombian Senate voted 75 to 0 to ratify peace accords to end the 52-year war between the government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, known as the FARC. In microcosm, the two events encapsulate Colombia’s past and its potential future. In his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech here on Saturday, the president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, the architect of the peace settlement, called the war ‘‘a half-cen-tury nightmare.’’ It claimed 220,000 Colom-bian lives, most of them civilians’, and drove six million from their homes. In United States population terms, that would trans-late into 1.3 million dead and 36 million dis-placed Americans. Colombians year after year are killed or injured by land mines at rates higher than in any country except Af-ghanistan. Under the agreement, FARC combatants will disarm and demobilize over 180 days under United Nations supervision. For most Colombians, it will be their first day living in a nation at peace. But the peace settle-ment, hammered out in Havana after four and a half years of negotiations, and revised following the loss of a plebiscite, aims to do far more than silence the guns, as welcome as the end of the conflict is. The peace accord sets out to bridge the great historic divide between what President Santos calls ‘‘the two Colombias’’: the Co-lombia of developed, modern urban centers and the Colombia of the vast, impoverished interior, where historically there has been little or no government presence and, as a result, little security, justice, rule of law or access to roads, health care and education. That is where the war was fought. To close this gap, the government has com-mitted itself to a far-reaching program of rural development for the largely peasant population that includes provision of land, titles, credit, roads, and crop substitution programs. To allow arable land to be cul-tivated safely, land mines must be removed. The Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame, which is monitoring the enforcement of the agreement, reports that half of all nego-tiated peace settlements fail and the conflict resumes. Those that succeed address not just security, but also the social and economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.011 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1724 December 16, 2016 
roots of the war. The institute says Colom-bia’s agreement addresses root causes more comprehensively than any other negotiated settlement has. Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writ-ers from around the world. That is no accident. More than in any pre-vious conflict negotiation, Colombia put vic-tims at the center of the process. Victims’ issues were not only on the table; victims themselves were at the table, regularly and often, asserting their rights and concerns. As a result, the agreement stipulates that the worst perpetrators of wartime atrocities— whether guerrillas, paramilitaries, or state actors—must confess their crimes, make rep-arations and accept sentences that include up to eight years of ‘‘restorative justice,’’ such as removing land mines, that are deemed acceptable to their victims and ‘‘ef-fective restrictions on liberty.’’ Displaced persons must be compensated or returned to their homes and the remains of the dis-appeared, where possible, identified and re-turned to loved ones. To fulfill these and other commitments, the government must create far-reaching programs and policies that will cost billions of dollars and take years to carry out. It must establish a system of transitional jus-tice, a truth commission and investigative and protective units to safeguard the lives of demobilized former combatants and human rights activists. Colombia will bear the largest burden, but the international community, led by the United States, must continue to help. The United States has no closer strategic partner in Latin America than Colombia, and our interests in the region are inter-twined. Colombian trainers and troops are working today with their American counter-parts to help Mexico and Central America’s Northern Triangle countries—El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras—combat the drug cartel violence that is fueling refugee flows, largely of unaccompanied minors. If, in turn, Colombia with American assistance can re-verse its recent upturn in coca leaf produc-tion, it will take pressure off the Northern Triangle’s embattled governments and insti-tutions. Two decades ago, Colombia was nearly overrun by guerrilla armies, paramilitaries and drug cartels. Colombians, at great sac-rifice, fought back, strengthened their demo-cratic institutions, and created today’s op-portunity for peace. Colombian leaders and citizens deserve the greatest share of the credit. But steady, sustained bipartisan American support and assistance for 16 years under Plan Colombia made a crucial dif-ference. If the peace agreement succeeds, Colombia will emerge as the strongest democracy in Latin America, a political and economic model for the region. As in the past, the United States should help Colombia reach that goal with continuing bipartisan sup-port. Passage of President Obama’s request for $450 million in fiscal 2017 for an economic assistance program called Paz (Peace) Co-lombia would send the hemisphere, where support for Colombia’s peace process is uni-versal, an encouraging signal about Amer-ican staying power. In September, at the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly, Secretary of State John Kerry and his Norwegian counterpart, Borge Brende, secured commitments of $106 million from a coalition of 25 countries to help Co-lombia clear its land mines by 2021. Presi-dent Santos showed the group a pamphlet that teaches Colombian children how to avoid land mines on the way to school. Mr. Santos said he dreamed of the day when such pamphlets would teach Colombian students only science, art, mathematics or poetry, because Colombia would be land- mine free. Helping turn that dream into a re-ality would be a fitting memorial to Yisely Isarama. f 
HONORING LORI HARJU 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge and express my deep appre-ciation to Lori Harju for 25 years of govern-ment service the last five dedicated to serving me and the people of Texas’ 8th Congres-sional District. Lori began her career working for her local Congressman, Guy Vander Jagt of Michigan. She grew up not far from the shores of Lake Michigan, in the town of Kaleva, and misses it to this day. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve seen pictures of Lake Michigan, and of her many nieces and nephews as they have always been displayed in her office and on her screen saver. She brought with her to Wash-ington the upper Midwest values of hard work, common sense, and humility—perfect at-tributes for working for a Member of Congress. From Representative Vander Jagt’s office, Lori moved on to work for some of this body’s most prestigious Members. She worked for Congressman Dave Camp of Michigan, who served as Chairman of the Ways & Means Committee, and for Congressman Phil Crane, another one of the Ways & Means Commit-tee’s most powerful and storied Members. Lori then moved to a senior political position in the Administration of George W. Bush, serving as the head of congressional affairs at the De-partment of Commerce’s International Trade Administration. I was fortunate to be able to hire Lori at the end of President Bush’s second term. Few people know Congressional procedures or how to get things done in Congress like she does. She originally served as my Legislative Director, and later became my Chief of Staff When I became Chairman of the Ways & Means Committee a little over a year ago, I asked her to help on the Committee as my Senior Advisor, because of her vast experi-ence working with Ways and Means Com-mittee members. Indeed, Lori has now worked for three senior Members of the Ways & Means Committee, a record few congressional staffers can match. I have always relied upon Lori’s counsel and appreciate her forthrightness and her integrity. Lori has always served with humility and grace. I hope Lori will now have a little more time to spend with her family near the shores of Lake Michigan, but I also hope, as she leaves government service and begins the next phase of her career, that she won’t move far and will continue to offer her valuable counsel. I and the rest of this House will miss her. H.R. 4680, NATIONAL PARK SERVICE CENTENNIAL ACT HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the National Park Service Cen-tennial Act. This year, our nation is celebrating the first one hundred years of what filmmaker Ken Burns so accurately labelled ‘‘America’s best idea’’. With this legislation, we are help-ing to strengthen the National Park Service for its second century of serving visitors and con-serving our national treasures. America’s National Parks are the best ex-ample of our commitment to preserve and cel-ebrate the natural wonder and cultural herit-age of the United States. It is our responsi-bility to ensure that future generations can have the same chance our families do to ex-perience our national landscapes and history. The Centennial Act will support that goal by building upon the public-private partnerships created by the extremely successful National Park Service’s Centennial Challenge. Federal investments of $25 million over the past two years have been more than doubled by private investments. These public-private collabora-tions provide an opportunity to reinvest in our parks and to re-engage with the hundreds of millions of visitors who come to our parks every year. In Minnesota’s 4th District, the Centennial Challenge supported a vibrant new visitor center in the heart of St. Paul to con-nect families to an urban National Park: the Mississippi National River and Recreation Area. In addition, the Centennial Act establishes an endowment for the National Park Service. The gifts and donations that go into the en-dowment will form a base of funding to ad-dress future park projects and needs. This en-dowment fund will protect ancient landscapes and tell the ever evolving story of the Amer-ican people and our nation. It will help to pre-serve the unique ecosystem within our oldest parks, like Yellowstone and Yosemite. It will demonstrate the diversity of the American dream at the newly created Stonewall and Belmont-Paul Women’s Equality National Monuments. For a century, the National Park Service has conserved our natural treasures, preserved our cultural heritage, offered unparalleled op-portunities for recreation, and taught young and old alike about the history of our land and our people. This is an impressive legacy, and it is one we must build upon to keep our na-tional parks a part of our national fabric for generations to come. The National Park Service Centennial Act is an important step forward to protecting that legacy, and I urge all my colleagues to sup-port it. 
f 
IN HONOR OF WESTFIELD HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 16, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a school in my District which was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.015 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1725 December 16, 2016 
recently crowned as state champion in foot-ball. The Westfield High School Bulldogs Foot-ball team, led by Athletic Director Terri Towle, Head Coach Kyle Simmons and Assistant Coaches Dan Keating, Jon Shields, Mike Giancola, Pete Bendorf, Jose Ardon, Alex Callas, Mike King, Chris Coyer, and Curtis Knight, was one of several teams who won state titles in a variety of sports from Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. I am proud of their hard work in achieving this goal. They prac-ticed long hours as a team, and this extraor-dinary achievement shows how far dedication, hard work, and commitment to teamwork can take a group as they played against some of the best competition in the nation. This year’s state championship was a re-match of the 2015 state championship, where Westfield defeated Oscar Smith High School in quadruple overtime. Oscar Smith jumped out to a 7–0 lead in the first quarter; but West-field took the lead in the second with touch-downs by Nolan Cockrill and Sean Eckert. They extended their lead to 21–7 in the third after Nathaniel Chung punched in a third touchdown. However, Oscar Smith stormed back in the fourth quarter, scoring two touch-downs and executing a two point conversion with seven seconds left on the clock to send the game to overtime. Oscar Smith struck first with a touchdown pass on the first play. With the game on the line, Westfield answered with a touchdown pass of its own, tying the game at 28 and forcing a second overtime. Westfield had capitalized on having the first possession, with Rehman Johnson throwing his fourth touchdown of the night to Ivory Frimpong. Westfield’s defense then rose up, and stopped Oscar Smith’s high powered offense on the three yard line and in doing so, secured the Bulldogs second state championship in as many years. Westfield High School’s Football team has made Virginia’s 10th Congressional District proud and they have represented us well. Winning a state championship attests to their impressive athletic ability, unselfish mentality, and determination to succeed. I commend them for their tireless dedication to both their school and their teammates, without neither of which this could have been possible. It takes a delicate combination of superior skill and many hours of practice to win a state title. Westfield Football has certainly earned this honor and the lessons learned over the years will valuably serve them as they continue on in their lives. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the Westfield Bulldogs for win-ning the Virginia 6A Football State Champion-ship and representing Virginia’s 10th Congres-sional District with such distinction. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.018 E16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1138 Friday, December 16, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:00:01 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 10:00:29 a.m. until 9:30 a.m., on Tuesday, December 20, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 6530 was introduced.
                       Page H7616 
Additional Cosponsors: Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2045, to provide that certain bad faith com-munications in connection with the assertion of a United States patent are unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–877); H.R. 3857, to require the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council to carry out certain require-ments under the Financial Stability Act of 2010 be-fore making any new determination under section 113 of such Act, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–878); and Report on the Activities of the Com-mittee on Veterans? Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives during the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress (H. Rept. 114–879).
                           Page H7617 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Holding to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7589 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Monsignor Kevin Hart, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H7589 
American Innovation and Competitiveness Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 3084, to invest in innovation through re-search and development, and to improve the com-petitiveness of the United States.
       Pages H7590–H7609 United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission to succeed Mr. Michael R. Wessel, ef-fective January 21, 2017: Mr. Jonathan N. Stivers of Washington, D.C.
                                                     Page H7609 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission to fill the existing vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Jeffrey Fiedler, effective Janu-ary 1, 2017: Mr. Michael R. Wessel of Falls Church, Virginia.
                                                                         Page H7609 
Quorum Calls Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 2:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16DE6.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1139 December 16, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16DE6.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1140 December 16, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Tuesday, December 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4 p.m., Tuesday, December 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1724 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1719, E1719, E1720, E1721, E1722, E1723, E1724 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1723 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1720 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1723 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E1722 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E1722 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1719 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1719, E1723 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1721, E1724 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1720 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1721 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Dec 17, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16DE6.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST