Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S99 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2016 No. 11 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, January 25, 2016, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , JANUARY 20, 2016 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, who has set our frag-ile years in the heart of Your eternity, we find gladness and peace under the shadow of Your wings. Today provide our lawmakers with wisdom to embrace the right priorities. May they strive to sacrifice for the things that will live beyond their years so that history will celebrate their foresight and courage. Grant that their lives and labor will reflect Your great-ness, compassion, and love. Lord, keep them from embracing a false patriot-ism that would render unto Caesar what belongs to You. Stir them to new heights of excellence as You open their eyes to the unfolding of Your loving providence. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 20, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican leader has said that he is going to bring and, in fact, has brought to the floor the House-passed refugee bill, as he calls it. It is, of course, an immigra-tion bill. Yesterday he said that the de-bate over the bill should be based on ‘‘facts and common sense.’’ I agree with that. The facts speak for them-selves. Our enemy is clearly defined. ISIS is the defined organization. It is a terrorist organization that poses a threat to the United States, women, children, and families fleeing persecu-tion. They are not the enemy; ISIS is the enemy. We should be focusing all of our efforts on defeating our real enemy, the brutal, evil ISIS. Yet the bill the Republican leader is bringing to the floor scapegoats refugees who are fleeing war and torture instead of creating real solutions to keep Ameri-cans safe. You don’t have to take my word for it. The junior Senator from Arizona has said he will oppose the bill because it is ‘‘intended to knock out all refugee entrants and I’m not there.’’ So says the junior Senator from Arizona. National security experts from Democratic and Republican adminis-trations have warned against advanc-ing bills such as this. Former Secretary Gates is such a good person. I enjoyed working with him very much. Yesterday he said—in words much stronger than I am going to say right now—that the Republicans running for President don’t understand the issue. He is much stronger and more firm in saying that what they are talking about is ridiculous. By the way, he is a Republican. President Obama has already made it very clear that he will veto this legis-lation. As written, this bill will not be signed into law. Some say it is a waste of our time. By advancing this bill, Re-publicans are creating a terrible dis-traction for the sake of embracing the hateful rhetoric, vitriol of the Repub-lican Party’s standard bearers, Donald Trump and T
EDCRUZ. I guess this should come as no sur-prise to anyone. Over and over again Republicans remain committed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.000 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES100 January 20, 2016 
pledging loyalty to the divisive plat-form that has been built by the Repub-lican people running for President, led by, at this stage, Donald Trump. We believe we must destroy ISIS. Ev-eryone on this side of the aisle believes we should destroy ISIS and defend our Nation, but we believe we can accom-plish this goal without compromising Americans’ core principles. Sadly, many leading Republicans have pro-posed policies that compromise our fundamental values and threaten the identity of our great Nation. Demo-crats are committed to opposing the violent views of Donald Trump and pro-viding the American people with solu-tions that make our Nation safer. We think it is way past time for the Sen-ate to vote on these policies. My friend, the Republican leader, has pledged over and over again that when the Republicans lead the Senate, they will thrive under an open amendment process. For example, he said the fol-lowing: ‘‘I said at the beginning of my time as majority leader that the open amendment process was going to be the rule rather than the exception.’’ My friend continued to say that tough votes should be expected, and I quote: ‘‘We’ll just take our chances. You know, we’re big men and women. We’re prepared to vote on proposals that are offered from both sides.’’ If Senate Republicans are prepared to abide by this, Senate Democrats will seek to advance a limited number of amendments on this bill that is before this body. I am not talking about tons of amendments or scores of amend-ments, but four or five amendments. For example, we could have one that dramatically increases the funding for local police anti-terrorist efforts and airport security. That is one that we want. They are overworked and underresourced. We could close the ter-ror gun loophole to prevent those on the no-fly list from being able to buy firearms, explosives, or radiological materials, as has been attempted. We would offer an amendment to denounce Donald Trump’s reprehensible proposal to impose a religious test on admission to the United States. The Democratic ISIS security bill has been filed. It is a very important piece of legislation. It includes keeping guns out of the hands of terrorists and stopping radicalization here in the United States. It includes active shoot-er training. As I have already indi-cated, we are going to move our airport security substitute forward so we can prevent dirty bombs and work abroad to take care of refugees who are over there. These are the amendments we feel confident about, based on the state-ments my friend has made. We are not asking for unlimited amendments. I have listed four amendments here. The Republican leader here in the Senate and the Republican Speaker have pledged their loyalty to Donald Trump and his disgraced policies. They have said that if he is the nominee, they will, of course, support him. As a frontrunner for the Republican nomination, Donald Trump and his proposals are leading the public debate in our country. Republicans who sup-port these illogical plans should be pre-pared for the next logical step: voting on his vision of America. Over here, we believe that all of these measures are deserving of a vote. I talked about four of them. We are ready to vote on the proposals now— this week. If for any reason the Repub-lican leader needs more time to discuss the proposals with his caucus, we are happy to reschedule the vote. Now, I know it is a big day in the Senate because during my news brief-ing on the way to work, I heard that the junior Senator from Florida is going to be here to vote—and the jun-ior Senator from Texas. They will ac-tually be in the Senate to vote. It is a big day. I know we have a tight sched-ule because they are going to be here for only an hour or two, but perhaps we could have a debate on the amend-ments we have suggested. I am sure that if we offer these amendments, the Republicans will offer amendments, and we could have some time here to deal with these amendments. But we will not allow Republicans to hijack the Senate floor to play politics with our Nation’s security. The American people deserve better. I look forward to offering these amendments. I publicly want everyone to know that I did not try to jump ahead of my friend the Republican leader. I was told by staff that I should go first. If I had known the Senator was going to be here so quickly, I would have waited, so I am sorry about that. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY— VETO The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Chair lays before the Senate the President’s veto message on S.J. Res. 22, which the clerk will read and which will be spread in full upon the Journal. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the veto message on S.J. Res. 22 be considered as having been read; that it be printed in the R
ECORD , and spread in full upon the Journal. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The veto message ordered to be print-ed in the R
ECORD is as follows: To the Senate of the United States: I am returning herewith without my approval S.J. Res. 22, a resolution that would nullify a rule issued by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the Department of the Army to clarify the jurisdictional boundaries of the Clean Water Act. The rule, which is a product of extensive public involvement and years of work, is critical to our efforts to protect the Nation’s waters and keep them clean; is responsive to calls for rulemaking from the Congress, in-dustry, and community stakeholders; and is consistent with decisions of the United States Supreme Court. We must protect the waters that are vital for the health of our communities and the success of our businesses, agri-culture, and energy development. As I have noted before, too many of our waters have been left vulnerable. Pol-lution from upstream sources ends up in the rivers, lakes, reservoirs, and coastal waters near which most Ameri-cans live and on which they depend for their drinking water, recreation, and economic development. Clarifying the scope of the Clean Water Act helps to protect these resources and safeguard public health. Because this resolution seeks to block the progress represented by this rule and deny businesses and communities the regulatory certainty and clarity needed to invest in projects that rely on clean water, I cannot sup-port it. I am therefore vetoing this res-olution. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , January 19, 2016. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, our country has a proud record of admit-ting the oppressed as refugees to our shores, yet the debate about how to safely admit refugees from Syria and Iraq is a serious conversation that de-serves a serious response from Wash-ington. It is difficult to effectively vet immigrants from a war-torn country where records may sometimes no longer exist at all. Senior law enforce-ment and intelligence officials have ex-pressed concerns and DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has said organizations such as ISIL may like to try to exploit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.002 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S101 January 20, 2016 
the refugee program. So is it any won-der that the citizens we represent are concerned? According to one recent survey, near-ly 80 percent of Americans and 77 per-cent of Democrats say refugees should go through a more robust security process. President Obama seemed to suggest these Americans were moti-vated by some animus toward widows and orphans. I would suggest they are motivated by a love for their families and communities. I remind the Presi-dent that this country has a proud tra-dition of compassion, and we have set-tled millions of refugees from around the world. Many Americans are telling us they want to continue helping oth-ers, but they want to do it in a smarter and more secure way. So I want to say this before moving forward. In his State of the Union Ad-dress, President Obama decried the po-litical divisions that have widened dur-ing his Presidency. He called for co-operation and a more elevated debate. He warned that ‘‘democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn’t matter.’’ ‘‘Democracy,’’ he said, ‘‘doesn’t work if we think the people who disagree with us are all motivated by malice.’’ I ask him to reflect on those words. We each have a choice in this discus-sion. We can glibly dismiss the sincere concerns of middle-class families or we can work to unify Americans by pur-suing bipartisan and balanced solu-tions. Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives chose bipar-tisan and balanced solutions when they worked together to pass the American SAFE Act a few weeks ago. Democrats and Republicans in the Senate should choose bipartisan and balanced solu-tions by working together to advance the American SAFE Act today. This bipartisan bill would allow Washington to step back, take a breath, and ensure it has correct poli-cies and security screenings in place before moving ahead with the refugee program for Iraq and Syria. No wonder dozens of Democrats joined with Re-publicans to pass this balanced bill with a veto-proof majority over in the House. It is certainly worrying to hear that Senate Democrats are now being pressured to block us from even debat-ing it. I understand the political pres-sure to oppose this balanced bill may be intense, but it is also intensely shortsighted, and I urge our Demo-cratic friends to resist it. Boosting confidence in our Nation’s vetting process is critical for our citi-zens, just as it is critical for every ref-ugee who truly needs our help. Our Democratic friends know a cloud of un-fair stigmatization threatens to hang over legitimate refugees so long as Democrats block commonsense safe-guards to weed out ISIL sympathizers. If our Democratic friends are serious in what they imply about promoting tolerance for widows and orphans and in strengthening security for Ameri-cans, they will not vote to block the Senate from debating balanced, bipar-tisan legislation that can advance both priorities simultaneously. Let’s work together to enact the American SAFE Act and its reforms, and then let’s work together on the root of the problem. Refugees are flee-ing Syria because of a brutal civil war, and they are fleeing Iraq because the terrorist group Al Qaeda in Iraq has evolved into the largest terrorist group in history—ISIL—so the ultimate solu-tion is to make the region somewhere they can return to. Here is what hasn’t helped: The pre-cipitous withdrawal of our advise and assist force from Iraq, the indecision attached to drawing and erasing red lines in Syria, mocking the genuine concerns of American citizens here at home. Here is what will help: the adminis-tration cooperating across the aisle to finally develop a serious plan to con-front ISIL. That is what the American people continue to call for, that is what the American people deserve, and it is what the administration will pur-sue if it is truly serious about helping both our country and the victims es-caping this brutal terrorist group. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I think we have the makings of an agreement here, at least the way I understood the Republican leader. We agree that refugees should go through a robust screening process. The bill we are talking about before the Senate, though, is stressing bu-reaucracy and paperwork. Each refugee who comes to this country—and there are about 100 a day—would have to be signed off by three Cabinet Secretaries. That is 300 personal signatures a day. We don’t want more paperwork. What we have said is we want four amendments to change the underlying bill. We are not going to be demanding days of debate time. We would be happy—we would be very reasonable with whatever the leader felt appro-priate. We believe we should move for-ward with real solutions, not paper-work. We are not saying we don’t want to get on the bill. We are willing to get on the bill. We want four amendments. That is it, four amendments. I am sure the leader will look this over and get back to me at the appropriate time, but we are willing to work on this bill. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I will obviously be talking to the Demo-cratic leader on a way forward on the bill, and we will have those discussions and report back later. Mr. REID. Thank you very much, Mr. President. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. f 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, similar to most Americans listening to Presi-dent Obama’s State of the Union Ad-dress last week, I found his take on na-tional security and world affairs rather surprising. According to a poll in December, 60 percent of the American people see na-tional security and terrorism as a major concern, and they have good rea-son to be worried. As President Obama finishes his last year in office, Syria is wracked by civil war, Iraq is in turmoil, Russian aggres-sion is growing, North Korea has tested yet another nuclear weapon, Saudi Arabia and Iran are immersed in a cold war, and ISIS continues its campaign of terror. Yet, according to the Presi-dent, we have nothing to worry about; America’s leadership is strong, and we are headed in the right direction. Unfortunately, this fairytale version of our global situation stands in stark contrast with reality. In his State of the Union Address, the President did acknowledge: ‘‘The world will look to us to help solve these problems, and our answer needs to be more than tough talk.’’ Well, I couldn’t agree more, but un-fortunately tough talk with no action has been the hallmark of this adminis-tration. In 2011, after the onset of the Syrian civil war, both President Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated unconditionally that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad had to go. The President drew a line in the sand: If Assad used chemical weapons, America would act. But when Assad flouted this red line, killing his own people—including women and chil-dren—with the large-scale use of sarin gas, the President chose to forgo a de-cided military response and instead pursue negotiations involving the Rus-sians, working out a compromise that ultimately strengthened Assad’s posi-tion, and the results of the President’s decision have not been pretty. In the wake of the negotiations, an emboldened Vladimir Putin invaded Crimea and eastern Ukraine, and the situation in Syria got worse. It appears now that the Assad administration will outlast Obama’s. Worse, our allies in the Middle East no longer trust Amer-ica to come to their aid. The Presi-dent’s failure to back up his tough talk with action has undermined American leadership, and this may take years, if not decades, to repair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.004 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES102 January 20, 2016 
This week the Senate is taking up the American Security Against For-eign Enemies Act, which addresses the Syrian refugee crisis—another byprod-uct, I might add, of the President’s failure to uphold his red line. With Syria, both the United States and the European powers have had to learn a lesson the hard way: If you don’t take action to solve the problem, the people who are suffering will end up on your doorstep. Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed in this conflict. Assad continues to use chlorine bombs indis-criminately to kill his own people, and ISIS executes anyone who is not con-sidered loyal. It is no wonder the Syr-ian people want out. Yet, with the mass exodus of refugees come other security concerns, includ-ing the threat of ISIS infiltrating the refugee population. Senior and U.S. law enforcement and intelligence officials have made it clear they are concerned that we don’t have the ability to ade-quately vet Syrian refugees. As we know from reports, at least one of the terrorists responsible for the deadly at-tacks in Paris passed through a refugee processing checkpoint in Greece. To quote the Director of National In-telligence, James Clapper, ‘‘I don’t . . . put it past the likes of ISIL to infil-trate operatives among those refugees . . . that’s a huge concern of ours.’’ The American SAFE Act helps ad-dress this concern by requiring the FBI, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and the Director of National In-telligence to certify that Syrian and Iraqi refugees have been thoroughly vetted and do not pose a security risk before they are allowed to enter the country. This is a reasonable request, and if the administration wants to as-sure the American people that these refugees are not a threat, then it should have no problem providing such certifications. I plan to file an amendment to this bill that would also give more author-ity to individual States when it comes to the resettlement of refugees. Last year, many Governors expressed a de-sire, shared by their constituents, that Syrian refugees not be resettled in their States. My amendment would grant Governors a presence at weekly refugee resettlement meetings within the State Department and give those Governors veto power over the resettle-ment of certain refugees in their States. Under my amendment, if a Gov-ernor’s office is not satisfied that its security concerns have been addressed by the required security checks, the Governor can veto the resettlement question. Any refugee, once admitted to the United States, would still be free to travel from State to State as he or she pleased. This amendment would simply increase States’ rights by giv-ing Governors a say in any decisions by the Federal Government to resettle large populations of refugees in their States. This is a reasonable solution to the concerns that were raised by the Governors of over 30 States, and I hope we can have a vote on this amendment. Over the weekend, the world wit-nessed another byproduct of President Obama’s failing foreign policy. Thanks to a provision of the President’s flawed nuclear deal with Iran, more than $100 billion of frozen Iranian assets and oil revenue were made available to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran. This means that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard, in-cluding the Quds Force—which is re-sponsible for the deaths of hundreds of American soldiers in Iraq—just re-ceived a big influx of cash. Again, this is thanks to the deal President Obama considers to be perhaps the major for-eign policy achievement of his Presi-dency. While I am glad that the hostages held by Iran are coming home to their families, it is a mistake to think this means Iran all of a sudden will now play nice. Iran’s leadership knows very well that it won the lottery with this nuclear deal, and it desperately wants Iranian assets unfrozen and sanctions lifted. Now that the Iranian leadership has received its payout, Iran will be further emboldened. When negotiating this deal, the Obama administration assured Con-gress that the United States would make sure Iran kept its end of the bar-gain. Well, it is already clear from Oc-tober’s ballistic missile test that Iran is determined to test the President’s resolve and flout international restric-tions. We cannot let those provocations go unanswered. President Obama is right that when conflict arises, the world looks to the United States for leadership. However, it takes more than talk to provide the leadership the world needs. In his last year in office, I hope President Obama will move beyond rhetoric and start of-fering realistic solutions to the grow-ing number of security concerns that face our Nation. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE IRANIAN HOSTAGE RELEASE Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I rise on January 20, 2016, on the floor of the Senate to acknowledge this day as the 35th anniversary of the return of 53 Americans by the Iranian Government to the shores of the United States of America after captivity for 444 days in Iran. As the Members of the Senate will remember, they were employees of the U.S. Embassy in Iran who were bru-tally attacked, sent through mock exe-cutions, subjected to beatings, sub-jected to brainwashing, subjected to torture, and for 444 days were out of communication with their loved ones and our country. Fortunately, we suc-cessfully negotiated their release, and on January 20, 1981, they were released back to the United States. But that release included the execu-tion of the Algerian Accords between the United States and the Iranians, which prohibited any hostage from suing the nation of Iran for compensa-tion for their captivity. Since that re-lease, many Americans in the House of Representatives and the Senate, in-cluding myself, have worked hard to try to right that wrong. I am very pleased to acknowledge that under the passage of the omnibus in December, we were able to secure funding to be able to compensate those hostages as they should have been compensated 35 years ago. We were able to take money from the Paribas bank forfeiture of Ira-nian funds to the U.S. Government to see to it that they were compensated in some measure for the sacrifice they made for our country. A lot of people have written: Why would you compensate people for their captivity? Why would you go to the ef-fort for 35 years to see to it these peo-ple got some amount of money to com-pensate them for their captivity? Why would we not do it? There are Ameri-cans all over the world serving in very dangerous places, serving as ambas-sadors and diplomats through the State Department. They should know we have their backs, not just on the days they are serving but 35 years later if they were tortured, beaten or if they were held captive. We all rejoiced to see the Americans that were released by the Iranians. We know there were Americans taken hos-tage in Iraq and Baghdad 2 days later. Taking Americans hostage and using them as tools of war is something that has been happening for years and years, and the Iranian Government is at the head of it. These Americans de-serve fair treatment, compensation, and recompense for all they suffered, and I am proud to say that because of a bipartisan effort in the House and Senate, we were able to do so. I want to thank Senator CORKER , the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee; Senator C
ARDIN , the former chairman; Senator M
ENENDEZ  from New Jersey; Senator R
EIDfrom Nevada, who was instrumental in help-ing; and Senator B
LUMENTHAL , my ranking member on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee of the Senate, for help on this bill and for all the help they brought. I want to thank the entire body of the Senate, who in December voted unanimously to see to it that the Paribas money was made available to the survivors of the people who were taken hostage in 1979. You might remember the show ‘‘Nightline’’ that we see on television started with the original report in 1979 by Ted Koppel about the hostage tak-ing. It became a television show when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.006 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S103 January 20, 2016 
they were held that long. I am glad now that the ending of that show is a successful ending, because we brought them home and we saw to it they were compensated. Some of them have passed away. Some of them had taken their own life. Some of them had dif-ficulties. Some were never able to rid themselves of the scars of the torture and brainwashing. But this Senate and this Congress did what it was supposed to do, stood up for Americans and sent a signal to everybody who works in the State Department, who is a diplomat for our country, and who works over-seas that if you are taken, we will stand behind you and we will never ever forget—whether it is 444 days or 35 years—once an American serving our country, always an American serving our country. We will always be there for you, and we will go to every effort and every length, even if it does take 35 years. On the anniversary of their release in 1981 when they came back to the United States, we pay tribute to those great Americans who served our coun-try and were held hostage in Iran. We give thanks that we have the kind of men and women who are willing, day in and day out, to sacrifice on behalf of our great country. May God bless each and every one of them, and may God bless the United States of America. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about a pending legisla-tive matter we will be discussing later in the day, the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015. This is the title of the bill that was passed by the House in November. It is now pending before the Senate, and we will be discussing it later. I am going to talk for a few minutes, but the punch line is as indicated on this board. We are talking about who are America’s foreign enemies. This is a bill that deals with Iraqi and Syrian refugees. I assert that refugees are not our enemy; ISIL is our enemy. Yet, for some strange reason, in the 18th month of a war against ISIL, Congress has been unwilling to debate our real enemy. First, refugees are not our enemies. The refugee crisis, with refugees com-ing from Syria and now Iraq, has been called the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II. Four million Syr-ians have left their native country be-cause of being exposed to the atrocities of being barrel-bombed by Bashar al- Assad and now the atrocities of ISIL and other terrorist organizations. Those 4 million have left to find haven from this horrible violence, just as any family would. Over 200,000 Syrians have been killed by this violence, and now the number is probably approaching 300,000. In addition to the 4 million Syrian refugees who have left Syria to escape violence, there are an additional 8 million Syrians who have left their homes and been displaced within the country and who could leave the coun-try at any moment as the violence con-tinues. These refugees are victims of violence, victims of unspeakable atroc-ity first perpetrated by the horrible dictator Bashar al-Assad and second by terrorist groups such as ISIL. Yet this bill would say these refugees are en-emies. There is a story that means an awful lot to me personally, and I hope you will indulge me. A Jewish man was traveling from Jeru-salem down to Jericho, and he was attacked by bandits. They stripped him of his clothes, beat him up, and left him half dead beside the road. By chance a priest came along, but when he saw the man lying there, he crossed to the other side of the road and passed him by. A Temple assistant walked over and looked at him lying there, but he also passed by on the other side. Then a despised Samaritan came along, and when he saw the man, he felt compassion for him. Going over to him, the Samaritan soothed his wounds with olive oil and wine and bandaged them. Then he put the man on his own donkey and took him to an inn, where he took care of him. The next day he handed the innkeeper two silver coins, tell-ing him. ‘‘Take care of this man. If his bill runs higher than this, I’ll pay you the next time I’m here. ‘‘Now which of these three would you say was a neighbor to the man who was attacked by bandits?’’ Jesus asked. The man replied, ‘‘The one who showed him mercy.’’ Then Jesus said, ‘‘Yes, now go and do the same.’’ 
This is a story that was written 2,000 years ago, but it is not a story about yesterday, it is a story about every day of human life on this planet. They are beaten-up people lying by the side of the road, and the choice we have to make as individuals or as a society is do we pass by or do we act as the Good Samaritan did—in a compassionate way? In fact, I would argue that the Good Samaritan story actually isn’t tough enough. If we called the refugees of the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II our enemies, it is as if we were going over to the man and not passing by but kicking the man who had been beaten and robbed by bandits. Let me move away from Scripture and talk about American values. The Statue of Liberty that stands in New York Harbor is graced with a pow-erful poem, ‘‘The New Colossus,’’ writ-ten by an American poet, Emma Laz-arus. Emma Lazarus was a member of a very prominent, multigenerational Jewish family in New York. There was a fundraising campaign to build the pediment upon which the Statue of Liberty stands in New York Harbor. The Federal Government didn’t have the money, so the fundraising was done privately. Emma Lazarus wrote a poem about the Statue of Liberty for a fund-raising contest to help raise money, and that is why the statue is there now. The poem is called ‘‘The New Co-lossus.’’ The Colossus references one of the wonders of the ancient world, the Colossus of Rhodes. Emma Lazarus wrote the poem about the Statue of Liberty, calling it the ‘‘New Colossus.’’ Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land; Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame. ‘‘Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!’’ Cries she With silent lips. ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ 
The debate that we will undertake about this bill, about whether we call refugees enemies is a debate about who we are as a nation. Let’s honor our his-tory, let’s honor our values, and let’s do what Americans have always done— been willing to extend a hand to those who are victimized by atrocity in other lands, rather than extend the back of our hand and label them as enemies. Now, I don’t dislike everything about this bill we are about to debate. I actu-ally really like the title. The content, I don’t like. The title, ‘‘American Secu-rity Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015.’’ We have an enemy. We have been at war with ISIL for 18 months. We have spent $5 billion in this war. We have deployed thousands of American troops in this war. Eleven members of the American Armed Services have been killed while on deployment in Op-eration Inherent Resolve. We have an enemy. The enemy is not refugees from Syria—the enemy is ISIL. We all know the facts about ISIL, this organization that claims to be in-spired to create a worldwide caliphate. They have slaughtered Christians and other religious minorities by the thou-sands. They have sold women into slav-ery by the thousands. They have be-headed American hostages, including American aid workers. If there is a modern-day equivalent of a Good Sa-maritan, it is an American aid worker who is trying to help somebody out. ISIL has kidnapped, captured, and be-headed American aid workers. The number of deaths just this weekend— 400 more people kidnapped by ISIL in Iraq and Syria. The number of deaths have been in the tens of thousands by ISIL, and as I have said, beheading American hostages, 11 American serv-icemembers killed, but it is beyond 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.009 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES104 January 20, 2016 
Iraq and Syria. ISIL has claimed credit for bringing down an airliner, killing tourists in the Sinai. ISIL has claimed credit for bombing and shooting at-tacks, killing hundreds in Paris. ISIL has claimed credit for a bombing at a peace rally in Ankara, Turkey, that killed hundreds and then a bombing outside the Blue Mosque in Istanbul 2 weeks ago that killed 15 and injured dozens more. The shooters in San Bernardino were inspired by ISIL, even if they weren’t directly connected to them. Within the last few days, we saw another attack and explosion in Ja-karta that was claimed by ISIL. Now, that is who an enemy is—not a refugee who is fleeing ISIL. ISIL is the enemy. ISIL is the enemy. ISIL must be de-feated. Yet we are not debating ISIL— and we haven’t been willing to debate ISIL in 18 months. Instead, we are try-ing to claim that refugees are the en-emies of this Statue of Liberty Nation. Why has Congress been silent about ISIL for 18 months? Our President has asked Congress: Congress, do your job and declare war against ISIL. He even sent us a proposed authorization 11 months ago. Eleven months ago, the President sent to Congress a proposed authorization against ISIL. There has not been a vote on the floor in the House. There has not been a vote on the floor in the Senate. There has not been a debate on the floor of the House or Senate. There has not been a debate or vote in committees in the House or Senate. For 11 months, since the Presi-dent asked us, ‘‘Let’s get involved and take action against ISIL,’’ there has been no action. And it is not just the President. General Dunford, the Marine general, who is now head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified before the Armed Services Committee. I asked him: Should we do an authorization against ISIL? He said it would send a strong message to ISIL. It would send a strong message to our allies. But here is what he said that really grabbed me, coming from a heavily military State. He said: Our troops de-serve it. There are thousands deployed away from home risking their lives. I asked General Dunford: Would it be good to have an authorization against ISIL? How would our troops respond? Here is what he said: What our young men and women need—and it is vir-tually all they need to do the job we asked them to do—is the sense that what they are doing has purpose, has meaning, and has the support of the American people. Our troops think Congress is indifferent to this. Virginia is very military. We are very closely connected to it. I have a child in the military, one of my three kids. I know what our troops are think-ing about Congress right now, which is, while we are deployed overseas, fight-ing this battle and risking our lives, Congress doesn’t care and would rather not talk about it. Secretary Panetta has recently given a speech saying Con-gress should act. So our President, the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Secretary Pa-netta, and others have said: Congress have this debate. There is an enemy out there. Have the backbone to name it as an enemy and authorize action against this enemy. Constitutionally, Congress should act. One of the most important powers in the Constitution is article 1, in the definition of the roles of Congress. It is Congress that declares war, not the President. That was put in the Con-stitution by the Framers—Virginians like James Madison—who knew that, before 1787, war was a matter for the Executive, the Monarch, the Emperor, and the Sultan. But he said, ‘‘In Amer-ica, it is going to be different.’’ We are not going to make a declaration of war for the Executive. We are going to make a declaration of war for Con-gress. Once declared, the President can implement, but it is Congress’s job. Congress is not doing what the Con-stitution commands. Imagine one of the family members of the 11 servicemembers who have been killed while deployed in Operation Inherent Resolve—killed in combat, killed when their jet was taking off of an aircraft carrier and crashed into the ocean or otherwise killed during de-ployment. Imagine, our best and brightest are sent, as they volunteered for our American military. They were sent overseas to fight an enemy—who we all agree is an enemy, who we all agree is conducting atrocities—and that pride of your life is killed while serving our country, and yet Congress will not even have a debate about whether ISIL is an enemy and whether we should declare war against ISIL and instead wants to have a debate about whether refugees from ISIL should be called our enemies. Imagine how you would feel if you were one of those fam-ilies, and Congress was even unwilling to dignify the loss of your loved one by 2 minutes of debate or vote on the floor of either the Senate or the House. David Ignatius wrote a piece yester-day in the Washington Post, ‘‘The ugly truth: Defeating the Islamic State will take decades.’’ The last line of his arti-cle says this: 
The next President is going to inherit an expanding war against a global terrorist ad-versary. The debate about how best to fight this enemy hasn’t even begun. 
After 18 months, after deaths of American troops, after all these atroc-ities, after bombings in cities all over the world, the debate hasn’t even begun because we refuse to have it in this Chamber. As I conclude, why has Congress been silent about this, since we began mili-tary action against ISIL on August 8 of 2014? We will hit the 18-month anniver-sary in a couple weeks, in February. I have a lot of criticisms of the ad-ministration’s strategy. I think they waited too long to send the authoriza-tion to us. I don’t think the authoriza-tion is particularly well-drafted, but that is no obstacle to us acting. Presi-dents send authorizations frequently and Congress redrafts them. So I am not light on criticism for the adminis-tration, but I am asking this question in this Chamber, where I am a Member, and so my question is actually critical, but it is also self-critical: Why has Congress been silent in the 18-month battle against ISIL? It is because of fear. Fear of not ISIL but fear of ac-countability. A war vote is hard. It is the hardest vote we will ever cast—and it should be. It should be. How much easier is it to criticize the President and say: We don’t like your strategy. You are doing it wrong. Why don’t you do more airstrikes here or put more boots on the ground there? That is much easier for Congress to do than to actually have a debate about ISIL and craft a strategy, and then say we, Members of Congress, individually, are putting our names on this. Members of Congress have been look-ing actively to avoid a vote on this for 18 months because a war vote is tough. Under the best of circumstances, there are going to be consequences that will be painful and tragic. There will be American lives lost, and that is under the best of circumstances. War isn’t al-ways fought under the best of cir-cumstances. There will be surprises. There will be twists and turns. We will go down a path such as trying to train and equip a moderate Syrian opposi-tion and find it doesn’t work out the way we hope. I think in Congress both Houses, both parties, have had a sense that, well, maybe if we don’t vote and we just criticize the President and we just kind of turn our eyes while we are essen-tially forcing people to risk their lives in a war that we are not willing to de-clare, people will not hold us account-able. I have seen that tendency throughout my 21 years in elected serv-ice, when a tough vote is on the table, when something is hard and com-plicated—and this certainly is—if I can avoid it, well, I would like to avoid it, but that is so disrespectful to the oath we took, where we pledged to live up to the laws, including article 1 respon-sibilities of Congress. It is so dis-respectful to the volunteer military de-ployed overseas, risking their lives, and the families of those who have al-ready lost their lives. After all, what is our fear of a tough vote, in the grand scheme of things, as against the sacrifice our troops are making overseas? Now, that is some-thing that is really hard. Having to cast a tough vote is not that hard. It is not that hard. We can do this. We can do this. The only action that has been taken since this war started 18 months ago was on a bill I introduced, an author-ization for military force against ISIL. I introduced it in September of 2014, 1 month after the war started. It got a 10-to-8 vote in the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee. Sadly, it was a par-tisan vote. It was right at the end of the previous Congress and expired with no action. A number of those who voted against it said: Look, the major-ity is about to change. Why do this now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.011 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S105 January 20, 2016 
with 2 weeks left in the session? When the majority changes, we can take it up. Some said the President hasn’t even sent a draft authorization yet. It is premature to do it. Now we have the President’s draft authorization. We have had it for 11 months and done nothing. Now we have seen—and there can be no doubt at this point—the evil nature of this threat we face and the expanding and compli-cating nature of this threat we face. Now is the time, finally, for Congress to step up to our responsibility and do our job. I have used a couple of literary ref-erences, so let me close with one. A great Irish poet—I am biased—William Butler Yeats, wrote a poem at the end of World War I. He surveyed the wreck-age of World War I, about 100 years ago. In a lot of historians’ views, World War I was kind of one of the most need-less wars in some ways. It was unclear what it was about, but what it was really about was decaying monarchies that wouldn’t change. Instead of changing, they let a terrorist action in the assassination of a nobleman—a leader in the Balkans—trigger the start of World War I. It was mecha-nized slaughter, and millions lost their lives. The United States came in and played a very important role, and at the end of the day, they were the peacemaker who had to come in to re-solve it. Yeats wrote a poem after World War I surveying this wreckage of these soci-eties. It is called ‘‘The Second Com-ing.’’ He expressed a real concern about the state of society at the time because what he noticed at that time was that ‘‘the best lack all conviction and the worst are filled with passionate inten-sity.’’ We have an enemy, ISIL, and I think we can all agree that they are filled with a passionate intensity. They are the worst in their human rights viola-tions, their atrocities, and their com-plete disrespect for human life. They are the worst. They are the enemy. We should be debating about them. The best lack all conviction. We are the best Nation in the world. I firmly and deeply believe that. I have believed it every day of the 58 years that I have been alive. We are the best. We have the best system of government in the world. While that system of govern-ment is often described as three co-equal branches, there is a reason they put the legislative branch in article I, the executive in article II, and the ju-diciary in article III. This is the first among the coequal branches because we are direct representatives of the people. That is how it was structured so that we would be the best of the best—the best branch in the best gov-ernment in the best Nation in the his-tory of the world. Do we lack all conviction? If we are willing to call refugees fleeing from vi-olence our enemies but we are afraid to take up a debate about whether ISIL is an enemy to support our troops in harm’s way—that is the question I am asking today. I know we are the best. Where is our conviction? So I ask my colleagues, in connection with this bill, let’s keep the title to it. Let’s secure America against foreign enemies. Let’s secure America against ISIL. But let’s not turn our backs on the victims of the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am glad I happened to come to the floor when the Senator from Virginia was speaking on this topic. I didn’t come to speak on the topic, but I know how pas-sionately he feels about it. I find my-self agreeing with much of what he has to say about what our military de-serves in terms of the support not only of the President but also of the Con-gress and thus, through Congress, the American people. Whenever we send our troops into harm’s way, our men and women in uniform deserve to know they have the unified support of the U.S. Government and hopefully the American people. I wish to tell my friend from Vir-ginia, who has been on this topic for some time, that I think there are some practical impediments to what the Senator is suggesting, and maybe we can find a way to work together to ad-dress them. First of all, there is the question of what is the strategy. I think Congress is reluctant to issue an additional au-thorization for the use of military force until we know what the Presi-dent’s strategy is, not just in Syria, in Iraq, but also with the travel and the movement of people back and forth from those war-torn countries to the United States or to other parts of the world, including the visa waiver coun-tries—the 38 of them—people who can travel freely from that area to those visa waiver countries and then come to the United States. The third part of it, which we have been addressing and which the FBI Director has brought to our attention on the Senate Judiciary Committee, has to do with radicalization of people back here at home through the use of social media or the Internet. I would say to my friend that this is a serious problem, and I find myself in sympathy with what he is trying to do. But, again, the practical problem is the absence of a real strategy. I fear that with 1 year left for this President in office, one of the goals of some of the proponents—I am not cast-ing aspersions; I am just saying I am concerned about this—one of the goals would be to issue an authorization for the use of military force that would ac-tually tie the hands of future Presi-dents, because apparently this Presi-dent thinks he has all the authority he needs. It is true, they just got a draft that they have sent over here for us to consider, but the President seems—at least to me—to be suggesting by his ac-tions and most of what he is doing that he thinks he has all the authority he needs. So I want to say to my friend that I don’t doubt your sincerity, and I ad-mire the point you are trying to make, but I do see those as practical prob-lems: the absence of a strategy from the Commander in Chief and the pro-posal—one of the proposals; I think it came out of the Foreign Relations Committee—that would actually limit the options available to the next Com-mander in Chief were this to be passed. But those aren’t insurmountable prob-lems; those are things that, once iden-tified, we can focus on and work a lit-tle bit more. I thank the Senator for his continued advocacy on this issue, and I admire his determination to see this through to a good conclusion. Mr. President, what I came to the floor to talk about is a bill we are going to be voting on this afternoon called the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act and also called the American SAFE Act. I wish he was still here. I know he just left, but I want to make one point on the chart the Senator from Virginia had where he suggested that some as-sert refugees are the enemy. That is not true. That is the opposite of true. The American people are the most gen-erous people in the world when it comes to admitting refugees and natu-ralizing new American citizens. In the past few years—if my memory serves me correctly, we naturalize between 800,000 and 1 million new citizens a year. America is the most open, wel-coming country in the world because we recognize this is a source of our great strength. The brains, the ambi-tion, and the hard work that go to-gether with people who are unhappy with their current circumstance and who are looking to live the American dream and what they have to do in order to come here to America to be a part of that through a legal system of immigration I think is something to be applauded and celebrated. But this bill is about something else. This is about our national security. This is not an anti-refugee bill. That is immediately where the President went and where some of the other folks on the President’s side of the aisle went, was suggesting that somehow, by being concerned about our own national se-curity, we were somehow anti-refugee. That is demonstrably false. All we are asking for and all this legislation pro-vides for—passed by a bipartisan vote of the House of Representatives—is to enhance the screening of refugees so that this system cannot be exploited by terrorists—a tactic ISIS has encour-aged. Our adversaries, particularly the Islamic State, recognize the fact that they can’t exploit our system to ad-vance their cause, which is to kill inno-cent men, women, and children in this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.012 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES106 January 20, 2016 
This legislation doesn’t close the door to refugees or go back on Amer-ica’s great traditions and who we are as a people. All it does is add safe-guards to our refugee admissions proc-ess and updates it in light of the threats we currently face. The distinguished Presiding Officer was probably in the same hearings I was in or the briefings with Jeh John-son, the Director of Homeland Secu-rity, who said that following some of these threats, the administration uni-laterally enhanced some of their screening mechanisms. I applaud them for that. That is important to do. But they can’t sit here and tell us with all seriousness that Congress can’t weigh in or we can’t have a debate and we can’t have an amendment process on legislation which is designed to do what they themselves said they are trying to accomplish, which is to pro-tect public safety by enhancing some of the screening process. All we are trying to do—and it is not a small thing; it is our No. 1 responsi-bility as part of the Federal Govern-ment—is protect our national security. Our chief goal in this legislation is pretty simple. It is to make sure we are doing everything we can to prevent ter-rorists from entering the country. Why would our friends across the aisle want to filibuster this legislation by voting no this afternoon at 2:30 and deny us an opportunity to actually de-bate the legislation? Under the rules of the Senate, they are free to offer sug-gestions, by way of amendment, about how we can improve the legislation. I have heard a number of them, includ-ing from the ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , among others, who said that what she would like to see us do is to beef up our protections to prevent people from exploiting the visa waiver system and coming into the United States without going through an ade-quate screening mechanism. I think there would be a lot of support on this side of the aisle and on a bipartisan basis to modify this legislation to in-clude some of her ideas. At least we ought to have that debate. We shouldn’t shut it down by a filibuster on the other side. This bill would ensure that the FBI and other national security intel-ligence agencies have actually certified to the security of the refugee screening program. It is called accountability— something that people don’t think we have enough of here in Washington, DC. Something bad happens, and there is some nameless, faceless bureaucrat who is blamed. What this would do is put the responsibility and account-ability where it belongs. There is no doubt that we live in tur-bulent times. Our national security ex-perts tell us that they have never seen a more diverse, a more complex array of threats around the world. Our Ref-ugee Admissions Program should be ex-amined and updated to respond to those threats, and that is what this legislation attempts to do. Unfortunately, we don’t have to look very far to see examples of why this legislation is necessary. Earlier this year in Houston, a man born in Iraq en-tered the country as a refugee and was later charged with providing material support to ISIS. That is one example. I am sure it is not the only example of why this legislation is important. We are still learning more about that par-ticular case, but what we already know is alarming. According to media reports, he was associated with members and sympa-thizers of ISIS. We know that inves-tigators found an ISIS flag at his home in Houston, TX. Just last week it was reported that his plans included setting off bombs at two popular malls in Houston, TX. Houston is one of our most populous metropolitan areas— certainly in Texas—in the country. Can you imagine what kind of carnage two bombs going off at shopping malls could wreak? According to reports, this individual was communicating with an-other man, also born in Iraq, who en-tered the United States in 2012 as a ref-ugee and who had ties to terrorist groups and fought twice in Syria and allegedly was trying to go back to Syria to fight alongside Islamic mili-tants. This individual was commu-nicating with another person with ter-rorist ties, and it certainly should raise all of our suspicion and concern. Both of those men were refugees from Iraq. That doesn’t mean the refugee program should be dismantled or aban-doned entirely. What it should tell us is that we better be darned sure that whoever comes in through the refugee system has been adequately vetted to protect innocent potential victims here in the United States. Fortunately, in this instance, our law enforcement offi-cers acted effectively and quickly to prevent a tragedy, but they can’t be right 100 percent of the time. If they are right only 99 percent of the time and innocent people are hurt or killed, if we don’t do everything in our power to stop it, then I think we are partially responsible. This is not a theoretical problem, and Congress has the oppor-tunity to act to try to enhance public safety. So knowing all of this, it is baf-fling to hear the discussion among our Democratic colleagues that they may not even allow us to get on the bill this afternoon. I have seen some news reports sug-gesting that the Democratic leader is saying: Well, if there is some sort of an amendment process that could be agreed to, then maybe they would allow us to do that. I would encourage those discussions to go forward, but we shouldn’t just say: Well, you get three or four amendments on your side and we get four or five on our side. We ought to invite and welcome all con-structive legislation to make this as good as it can be. We don’t need a backroom deal to do that. We need to bring it to the floor and allow an open amendment process under the rules of the Senate. This is a debate worth having, and this is one our constituents deserve to hear. I hope the latest news reports are some reason for encouragement that our Democratic colleagues are going to allow us to get on the legislation. Again, this is not a partisan issue—or it shouldn’t be. Last fall several Obama administra-tion officials testified about their con-cerns about radicalized individuals and what threat they could pose, as a ref-ugee, if they gain entry into the United States. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson testified before the Senate and House Homeland Security Commit-tees and said: ‘‘I am concerned that we do the proper security vetting for refu-gees we bring into the country.’’ I agree with him. That is what this legis-lation addresses. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CORNYN. He went on to say: ‘‘It is true that we are not going to know a whole lot of the Syrians that come forth in this process, just given the na-ture of the situation.’’ That is under-standable. Syria has been engaged in a civil war over the last few years, and it is hard to imagine that we know a lot about those who want to come here as refugees. It doesn’t mean they shouldn’t come here, but we do need to enhance the security screening and make sure we are confident that the ones who do come will not be a threat to the public. The Director of the FBI also shared his concerns by saying: ‘‘We see a risk there.’’ So if you have the FBI Director and the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security saying there are risks and concerns about refugees com-ing from Syria to the United States, I would say we ought to listen to them. I hope our colleagues across the aisle will reconsider their purported plans to block this legislation. We vote on it at 2:30 p.m., so there is plenty of time to talk more about it and have discus-sions about how there is maybe a path forward. If, in fact, there is ultimately a filibuster and our friends across the aisle decide to block the American SAFE Act—and, again, I hope they don’t do that—I don’t think we are doing our job or doing everything in our power to enhance the public safety. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, the year was 1939, the Nazis were in control of Germany, and Kristallnacht had oc-curred. It was the night of broken glass. It was the night when the Nazi storm troopers literally invaded the shops and homes of the Jewish citizens who were living in Germany. They har-assed, beat, and killed them. It was pretty clear where this was headed. The Nazis had targeted Jewish people and those Jewish people—innocent peo-ple—were going to be their victims. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.021 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S107 January 20, 2016 
Some of them decided the only place to go was to leave Germany and to come to the United States of America. They boarded a ship called the SS St. Louis and set sail for the United States. First, they arrived in Havana, Cuba, seeking refuge to escape the Nazis. The Cubans turned them away. They next came to Miami, FL, and asked the United States of America if these 900 innocent Jewish citizens of Germany could seek refuge and become refugees in the United States. They were turned away. With no other alternative, they went back to Germany. The Holocaust Museum in Wash-ington, DC, kept track of what hap-pened to those passengers on the SS St. Louis—those people seeking refuge in the United States. At least one-third of them died in the Holocaust, killed by the Nazis. At that time, Senator Rob-ert Wagner of New York came to the floor and asked: Couldn’t we—at least as a nation—agree to allow 10,000 Jew-ish children to come to safety in the United States to escape the Nazis in Germany? His efforts were stopped and defeated. Even these children who would be Jewish victims of Nazi op-pression were rejected by the U.S. Sen-ate. It was a sad moment in the history of this Chamber and a sad moment in the history of the United States. After the war, we reflected on what had happened. We realized that this great, strong, and caring Nation had made a serious mistake. Innocent peo-ple had died because we rejected these Jewish refugees from Germany. There-fore, after World War II, the United States decided to take a different ap-proach and show leadership to the world when it came to accepting refu-gees, and since then we have. There have been exceptions, but we have said that our country is open—as most civ-ilized countries on Earth are open—to those who face oppression, suffering, death, and are in need of safety. We have established a process for this, and it isn’t easy. Each year it becomes more and more difficult and more and more challenging. If you are a refugee wanting to come to the United States, be prepared. It will take at least 1 year of investiga-tion—and sometimes up to 4 years of an investigation—before you might be allowed to come to this country. We go through background checks, finger-prints, biometric measurements, and photographs. It is a lengthy, frus-trating, and difficult process. For peo-ple who come to our shores from for-eign countries, there is no higher standard than the standard we apply to those who seek refugee status. Each year about 70,000 refugees are accepted in the United States. There are many more who want that opportunity, but only 70,000 can clear this process. We come to this debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate aware of what has happened in Syria. Over the course of the last few years, the war that has raged in Syria has claimed over 200,000 lives. Half of Syria’s 23 million people have been forced out of their homes— half of them. I have a friend in Chicago. He is an extraordinary man. His name is Dr. Mohammed Sahloul. He is a well-re-spected practicing doctor. He came to the United States as an immigrant and now has an established medical prac-tice. His family is from Syria—the Bahamut section of Syria. Because he feels so strongly about the war that is killing these innocent people in Syria, Dr. Mohammed Sahloul literally risks his life every few months to go to Syria and treat the victims of that war and violence. His wife Suzanne Sahloul works with the Syrian refugees who come to Chicago. The two of them have made a personal commitment to Syria, which was the birthplace of their par-ents. Dr. Sahloul returns from his vis-its to Syria and asks to meet me regu-larly, and I always say yes. As painful as it is, I sit there, as I did yesterday in a restaurant in downtown Chicago, as Dr. Sahloul shows me the photos on his iPad, one after the other, of the children he treated in Syria. These children are the victims of barrel bombs by President Assad and now of Russian bombing. He goes to communities where people are literally starving to death—starv-ing to death in the year 2016—in Syria. He shows me their emaciated bodies until I turn away and can’t look at it anymore. I say to my colleagues in the Senate who follow this debate and know what we are voting on—the Syrian crisis we face today, I would argue, is the most serious humanitarian crisis of our time. What is happening to these peo-ple is unimaginable. A few months ago I joined several of my colleagues and we went to an island in Greece called Lesbos. This is the stopping point for the refugees. Once the Syrian refugees have gone through Turkey, they cross a span of 8 to 10 miles of the Aegean Sea in plastic rafts. They put more passengers in those rafts than should be in there be-cause the smugglers are getting paid 1,000 to 2,000 euros, or about $2,000-plus, for each of the refugees they can cram into these boats. They push them off from the shore in Turkey and point them toward the island of Lesbos. There are babies in those boats. The passengers wear lifejackets, which ev-eryone is familiar with, but what do the babies wear? You can’t put a baby in a lifejacket. Well, I saw what they wore. Many of them were wearing plas-tic water wings, the kind we put on our little kids when we put them in wading pools, and off they go into the Aegean Sea. Some of them don’t make it. Some of them drown and die. What would cause a family to pick up and risk their lives and spend $2,000 per person to take this deadly journey? It is because they are desperate and need a place to be safe. It is that basic. So the President has said the United States will accept some of these refu-gees. Ten thousand is the number he said. Of course, each one of them has to go through a lengthy background check and will be asked all these im-portant questions before they are al-lowed to come into our country—10,000. We know there are millions displaced and we know that that number con-tinues to grow. Isn’t it ironic that 10,000—the same number Senator Wag-ner of New York asked for when it came to Jewish children in Germany— is the same number the President has asked for when it comes to Syrian refu-gees. Sadly for these refugees, and many others, they couldn’t have picked a worse time to come to the United States of America because, frankly, we are engaged in a Presidential campaign where many strong statements have been made about these Syrian refugees. It is hard for me to think about what I saw on the island of Lesbos—these fam-ilies with children—and to square that with the descriptions I have heard from those who have called them terrorists in training. It couldn’t be further from the truth. So this afternoon, at 2:30 p.m. on the Senate floor, we will be asked to vote on a measure relative to the Syrian refugees. Let’s call it for what it is. This is an effort to stop any Syrian ref-ugee from coming to the United States regardless of whether it is a mother and a child because what it says is that before they can come to the United States, you have to have the personal signature and personal certification of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Director of the Bureau of National Intelligence. It is physically impossible to ask the direc-tor of the FBI, who has the responsi-bility of monitoring FBI activities all across the Nation and around the world, to literally sit down and sign 100 personal certifications a day which would bring us to this goal. This legislation is not designed to make us safer. It is designed to stop Syrian refugees from coming to the United States. I know we are living in a dangerous time in this world. I want us to do everything thoughtfully and sensibly and everything possible to protect the American people from any possibility of terrorism. I still remember well when I was a Member of this body on September 11, 2001, and what America endured. I have not forgotten. I read, as all of us do, about terrorism in the United States and what it does to innocent people in San Bernardino and in many other places. But to exclude Syrian and Iraqi refugees and to say that we are not going to allow any of them to come in or put them through a standard of proof that we know makes it next to impossible is unfair and inconsistent with the values of the United States. I made a point of meeting these Syr-ian refugees and their families who have made it here. I have invited my Governor in my State of Illinois and my colleagues to do the same: Get be-yond the screaming rhetoric of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.014 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES108 January 20, 2016 
Presidential campaign and sit down and listen to their stories. They will realize that these are people who are desperate, who are looking for just an opportunity to be safe. Yesterday, a number of them came to my office. Othman Al Ani, originally from Baghdad in Iraq, arrived in the United States in the year 2013. How long did it take him to clear the back-ground check as a refugee? Four years—it took 4 years. He now works as a caseworker for the Iraqi Mutual Aid Society. I met Wadad Elaly and her mother, Mrs. Elaly. In 2012, Wadad’s father was killed by a sniper as he came home from work in Syria. The family moved out of the city for fear they would be the next victims. They went to Damas-cus, and then they waited, literally for over a year and a half, to go through the clearance. Wadad is now a freshman in high school in the city of Chicago. She is a sweet, young girl who has seen more tragedy in her life than any of us would ever want to see. She and her mom want to make a life here, and she knows it is up to her to get a good edu-cation to make sure she can make that happen. Mariela Shaker—an incredible story of a young girl who was growing up in the Homs section of Syria, whose par-ents were afraid that she was going to die from a bombing that was taking place. She applied and was accepted to go to a downstate college in Illinois, Monmouth College. She is a master vi-olinist, a prodigy. She completed her degree there and now is at DePaul Uni-versity working on a master’s degree in music—an amazing young woman. A terrorist? No, just a young women looking for safety and a future. The stories go on and on. When I hear the statements made on the floor about potential terrorists, I think to myself: They haven’t met these families, they haven’t heard their stories, and if they did, they might reconsider. I am opposed to this bill that came over from the House. I think this per-sonal certification by the head of the FBI, certifying every single person, and a certification by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and the Secretary of Homeland Security are just being put in the path of these people to slow them down and stop them again and again and again. What we have said, not out of com-passion but out of commonsense, is let’s address the things that will make America safer. Instead of zeroing in on a handful of Syrian refugees who are no threat to the United States, let’s look to those things that actually are a threat. Let me give an example. Do my colleagues believe that a person whose name is on the no-fly list, the terrorist suspect list, should be allowed to buy a firearm? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for 3 additional minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Do my colleagues be-lieve that a person who is on the ter-rorist watch list should be allowed to buy firearms in the United States? Do my colleagues believe that a person on the terrorist watch list should be al-lowed to buy explosives in the United States? How about dirty bomb compo-nents? I don’t think there is any ques-tion about it. The answer the vast ma-jority of Americans would give is no. That is one of our amendments. Do my colleagues think we should put more resources into protecting the United States through the Department of Homeland Security and through law enforcement, even local law enforce-ment, and the FBI? I think so. That is another one of our amendments. A third amendment is going to change the effort and zero in on what we consider to be gaps in the law that allow the possibility of foreign trav-elers to come to the United States and engage in violence and terrorism. The fourth one is pretty controver-sial, but I think we need a vote in the Senate. There has been a proposal by one Republican Presidential candidate, for the first time in the history of the United States of America, to exclude any immigrant of a specific religion, and that religion, of course, is for those who are in adherence to the Muslim re-ligion. We should have a vote on that. I think it is important for us to be on the record. Those are the amendments we would like to offer. We said to Senator M
CCONNELL : Bring up your Syrian refugee bill, if you wish, and give us these four votes. If you will give us these four votes—of course, you will want to offer some of your own amendments. Be our guest. But let’s have a real debate about mak-ing America safe. Let’s not just zero in on Syrian refugees. Let’s zero in on ISIS, on terrorism, and on the real threat to the United States. That is what we will decide between now and 2:30. Will Senator M
CCONNELL , who has said over and over that he wants to open the Senate floor to an amendment process, allow our votes on these measures? If he will, we can en-gage in this debate. If he won’t, then, frankly, there is going to be resistance to moving to this measure. I hope Sen-ator M
CCONNELL will join us and open this debate to a real sincere effort to stop the threat of terrorism in the United States. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in passing the House bill to improve the Syrian refugee resettlement pro-gram and take at least a first really important step toward protecting Americans here at home with regard to this refugee and homeland security question. Frankly, I think we should be going further, but given the gravity of the issue and the urgent need to ad-dress stated and documented shortfalls within the refugee program, I support passage of this bill as a start. We can’t just forget—ignore—the facts, and the fact is that those respon-sible, for instance, for the tragic at-tacks in Paris just a few short months ago took advantage of the influx of Syrian refugees into France, and at least one of them got in that way. If that isn’t disturbing enough, we must also remember the fact that the major-ity of the 9/11 attackers were granted admission to the United States on tem-porary immigration status. There were holes and problems in that program. Clearly, we need to update and reform the current systems in place, and I as-sure my colleagues that I won’t stop pressing for complete and adequate safeguards as the President continues to invite additional refugees onto American soil. Voting in favor of the SAFE Act brings us one step closer to improving the security of our Nation. It would be a mistake to retreat to some sort of pre-9/11 posture or mindset. Eleven years ago, the ‘‘9/11 Commission Re-port’’ wrote that many of the vetting programs were ‘‘dysfunctional.’’ They remain dysfunctional in far too many cases, and I am not willing to take on and continue the risk of that dysfunc-tion. We need reforms. We need a far higher standard of safety and coordina-tion. Now, again, these are facts we need to look at. We have seen examples of the refugee situation and other situa-tions directly impacting and threat-ening our security. What am I talking about? Fact No. 1: On December 2 of last year, husband and wife Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik attacked the In-land Regional Center in San Bernardino, and their coordinated at-tack inspired by ISIS caused the deaths of 14 people, and they wounded 21 oth-ers. As of now, it appears to be the most deadly terrorist attack on U.S. soil since 9/11. Now, the wife, Tashfeen Malik, was not a U.S. citizen and was, in fact, in the United States on a visa related to her husband. Particularly troubling is the fact that the government didn’t verify her address in Pakistan during the visa application process. There were reports that a full vetting was not completed, including checking for other possible signs that she had been radicalized or was a terrorist operative. Fact No. 2: A recent FBI joint intel-ligence bulletin has confirmed that in-dividuals resettled in the United States as refugees have already been arrested for willfully providing material sup-port and resources to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS. That is doc-umented by an FBI report. Clearly, this program is a vulnerability. Fact No. 3: The National Counterter-rorism Center has identified individ-uals with ties to terrorists in Syria who attempted to enter the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.016 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S109 January 20, 2016 
States through the refugee program. Again, it has been verified that this is an entry point for possible terrorists. Fact No. 4: The horrible and coordi-nated assault in Paris last fall, in the words of President Francois Hollande of France, was ‘‘planned in Syria, orga-nized in Belgium, perpetrated on our soil with French complicity.’’ And a fact related to that is that at least one of those terrorists got in through the refugee resettlement program there. Fact No. 5: FBI Director James Comey has testified that the Federal Government doesn’t have the ability to properly and fully vet 10,000 or more Syrian refugees. Recently, during a hearing before the House Committee on Homeland Security, he stated: 
We can only query against that which we have collected. And so if someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their inter-est reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be nothing to show up because we have no record of them. 
Fact No. 6: The ‘‘Reflections on the Tenth Anniversary of the 9/11 Commis-sion Report,’’ released in 2014, states that ‘‘it is unclear whether the United States and its allies have sufficient re-sources in place to monitor foreign fighters’ activities in Syria (and neigh-boring Iraq) and to track their travel back to their home countries.’’ Those are documented facts, which make perfectly clear what common sense should suggest. This refugee re-settlement program is a vulnerability, and we need far better security to pro-tect our homeland. To do this, I have introduced a very strong bill to require a suspension of admissions of Syrian refugees until the Obama administration properly evalu-ates the protocols and procedures it has in place to relocate them here and to certify not just in the Department of Homeland Security and the Depart-ment of State but also with intel-ligence and law enforcement agencies that these procedures are adequate. My bill has seven cosponsors. I plan to con-tinue to move it, hopefully, through an amendment process related to this bill so we can make sure we have proper, adequate reforms in place. So that is today’s vote in simple, straightforward terms in terms of the real danger. We can’t properly vet all of these refugees right now. This is documented. This is from the experts. We need to put proper measures in place before we continue accepting this flood of refugees. We need to protect American families, secure our borders, and keep out all terrorists. Voting for the SAFE Act and voting to put it on the floor and engaging in this debate is an important first step in doing that. For that reason, I urge a positive vote to put this important measure on the floor and to pass it. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. AYOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, last week I was proud to host Hassan Jab-ber as my guest at the State of the Union Address. He is the director of the Arab Community Center for Economic and Social Services, founded in 1971 in Dearborn, MI. ACCESS is the largest Arab American human services non-profit in the United States, providing health and wellness, education, em-ployment, and youth services in its local communities, including support for refugees settling in America. Hassan is a community leader and just one example of the many individ-uals who make up Michigan’s vibrant Arab American community, including some of the most patriotic people I know whose contributions to our cul-ture and economy are invaluable. That is why I am so concerned about the legislation we will be debating later today, which would impose sig-nificant barriers on our efforts to as-sist refugees fleeing violence and perse-cution in Iraq and Syria. I am a mem-ber of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. Last November we held a hearing on refugee resettlement. We heard about the strict security checks involved in the Refugee Admissions Program, which could take 18 to 24 months. The Refugee Admissions Program subjects refugees to the highest level of security checks of any category of traveler coming into the United States. They are screened by the National Counterterrorism Center, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Defense, as well as other agencies. Refugees considered for resettlement to the United States are subjected to biometric and biographic checks, as well as a lengthy in-person interview, all of which are conducted while the refugees are overseas, outside of the United States. Refugees are even required to repay loans to the Inter-national Organization for Migration to cover the cost of transportation and medical screening. At the same hearing last November, we also heard how the Refugee Admis-sions Program prioritizes the most vul-nerable refugees, including widows with children, victims of torture and trauma, persecuted religious minori-ties, and those who face death threats if they return home. These cases are our country’s top priority for resettle-ment. I saw this for myself at the end of last year when I had an opportunity to travel to the Middle East with Sen-ator M
URPHY and meet members of this vulnerable population. Visiting the Zaatari Refugee Camp in Jordan, I saw the scale of the crisis that the world faces. Talking to just some of the over 80,000 refugees at that camp, who are only a small fraction of the 11.6 million people who have been displaced from their homes over the past 41⁄2years during the brutal civil war in Syria, it was clear that none of those refugees were there by choice. Before anything else, they just wanted to return home. In the end, however, returning home is not something that is going to hap-pen. They are not going to be able to return to the life they had before. They certainly did not want to have the very dangerous journey to escape violence and security by going far away. Unfor-tunately, the possibility of their safe return is unlikely at any time in the near future. They struggle to survive every day, and they persevere. Many have been vetted by the United Nations as people who are qualified to resettle as refugees in countries like ours be-cause they simply can’t return home. The refugees I met are struggling to live on 50 cents a day to buy food and have only one propane bottle to pro-vide cooking fuel for an entire month. Unfortunately, most of that aid is slat-ed to end in the next couple of months. The people in the camps live on the edge of having nothing, and they rely on humanitarian aid to get by on a day-to-day basis. They are thankful, but in the end they are living in limbo, waiting and hoping for an interview with a U.S. official. Today, at the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hear-ing we focused on ISIS’s goals and ide-ology. We heard from experts that the United States should continue to wel-come refugees. Proposals to block refu-gees based on their religious beliefs plays into the narrative that the United States and Muslims across the globe are in direct conflict. We heard that those who have left ISIS territory describe it as ‘‘a living hell,’’ and if we do not accept refugees, it harms our standing in the world and actually will weaken our national security. The safety and security of the Amer-ican people is always my top priority, but policies which alienate and divide, targeted at victims of terror and vio-lence, do not support that mission. I am hopeful that this body will focus our efforts on the very real threat posed by terrorism and extremism, not on imposing unnecessary barriers that will prevent us from assisting the vic-tims fleeing violence. I hope that we can stay true to the American values that make our country great. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OUR ‘‘WE THE PEOPLE’’ DEMOCRACY Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I rise today to kick off a series of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.017 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES110 January 20, 2016 
speeches where I will come to the floor on a regular basis to address issues af-fecting Americans and propose ways to solve the challenges we face. These speeches will cover a variety of topics, but they will all link back to the fun-damental theme of our ‘‘we the people’’ democracy. In the summer of 1787, a group came together of patriots, farmers, and scholars. They gathered in Philadel-phia, and after 4 months of fierce de-bate and enduring compromise, they agreed to a set of ideas and a system of governance. They signed their names to a document, our Constitution, which has guided our Nation’s progress for over two centuries. They began that Constitution, that key document, with three simple words on parchment—‘‘we the people’’—and with that they launched our experience in democratic governance. The Founders wrote this phrase in beautiful script, 10 times the size of the rest of the document, as if to say this is what it is all about, this is what America will be about—governance for ‘‘we the people.’’ They did not say at the start of this document ‘‘we the titans of industry.’’ They did not say ‘‘we the titans of commerce.’’ They did not say ‘‘we the rich and powerful.’’ They said ‘‘we the people.’’ As President Lincoln summa-rized, the genius of our governance is that it is of the people, by the people, and for the people. With this guiding light America has been a great nation. Because of our ‘‘we the people’’ principle, we insisted on a better, fairer, and freer nation for all citizens—because we the people de-manded that all Americans deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness, because we the people never stopped reaching for greater prosperity and growth to the benefit of all. In order to address the challenges of our times, we must recapture this ‘‘we the people’’ spirit. We must set aside politics in favor of progress. We must reform a broken system that favors the interests of the wealthy and well-con-nected over the interests of the Amer-ican people. That is the framework, the theme that my regular floor speeches will be about. In this Senate Chamber our priority should be to build an economy and a government that works for working people, and, as Hubert Humphrey ar-gued, a government that delivers for those ‘‘in the dawn of life . . . in the twilight of life . . . and those in the shadows of life.’’ We all know that our success is not measured by a soaring stock market. America is succeeding when a mom can earn enough not to worry about where her kids’ next meal is coming from; when schools nurture the mind, the character, and the creative spirit of every child; when college is affordable to every family; when each individual in our Nation has peace of mind through access to quality and afford-able health care; when no American who works full time lives in poverty; and when our economy creates good- paying jobs for American workers here in America rather than shipping those jobs overseas. To achieve these ends we have a lot of work to do. We had after World War II three gold-en decades from 1945 to 1975. The mid-dle class gained enormously in size and prosperity. During that period the bot-tom 90 percent received approximately 70 percent of all income growth. From 1975 until now, 2015, we have had four decades in which working Americans’ experience has been flat or declining. What a difference that is from the three golden decades where workers fully shared in the prosperity they helped to create—the last four decades when they have not shared and gained over those decades. They received close to zero percent of all income growth. To put it differently, 100 percent of the growth went to the top 10 percent of Americans. We know that our families and our economy will never reach their full potential if growth benefits only those at the very top, if the growth is at best trickled down, coming from the top down, and not from the middle out. So let’s commit to changing the di-rection we are on, to recreating an economy more similar to those three golden decades after 1945, after the end of World War II, putting people back to work rebuilding America’s roads and crumbling bridges, raising the min-imum wage so that anyone who works hard can make ends meet, and keeping a cop on the beat to block predatory schemes preying on the middle class. We have a lot to do to tackle the greatest challenge facing human civili-zation: saving our planet from the rav-ages of climate change. Today it was announced, as anticipated, that the final results are in and 2015 is the warmest year on record. This warmth and the changing weather is having profound consequences on our forestry, on our farming, and on our fishing. All of these are manifested in my home State of Oregon and virtually every State represented in this Chamber. We have to have a ‘‘we the people’’ movement to take on the oil and the coal billionaires, cut carbon pollution, and pivot rapidly to a clean energy economy. We certainly have a lot of work to do to make sure that folks who work hard all their lives can achieve a dignified and secure retirement as we watch the pensions in the private workplace melt away, slipping through our hands. We must set our children up for success and expand the promise of education, ensuring that our schools meet the demands of a new age and that all students can attend college without the fear of crushing debt. To achieve these things through leg-islation is certainly possible. We can envision the pathway for each and every one of these objectives, but we cannot do it if this Chamber is essen-tially owned by the titans of commerce and industry. That, unfortunately, is what happened in 1976 when the Su-preme Court under Buckley v. Valeo said that individuals can spend unlim-ited sums in the public marketplace and can do so even if they are drowning out the voices of the rest of America. Certainly a situation in which the 1 percent can drown out the voices of the 99 percent is not a ‘‘we the people’’ de-mocracy; it is the opposite. It is a ‘‘we the titans’’ democracy. It is decisions made by and for the very best off, not decisions by and for the people of the United States of America. This misguided 1976 decision sits right at that pivot point between the three golden decades from 1945 to 1975 and the last four decades of failed eco-nomic policy with workers’ outcomes being flat or declining. This decision was doubled down on the Supreme Court just a few years ago in the Citi-zens United decision, which said that not only individuals but corporations would be treated the same. They could use their combined assets even if they had never disclosed to the owners of the corporation, the stockholders, how they intended to spend funds, putting billions of dollars in play with a few people sitting in a boardroom, com-pletely shielded from any public wit-ness. That is why we have to change cam-paign finance as a way to reclaim our ‘‘we the people’’ democracy, to reclaim our Constitution, to fend off the titans who are insisting on grabbing every-thing for the few and not for the ben-efit of the public, the 90 percent. We have to continue to look for ways to restore hope for our working fami-lies and ensure opportunity for each, to protect the middle class, to empower the middle class against forces that are threatening to overwhelm them, and to build an economy where everyone is sharing in the economic prosperity they are helping to create. The bottom line is that we have to make a choice about the kind of coun-try we want to live in. I don’t choose a country in which the rules are made by and for the very few at the top. I choose a country embedded in the first three words of our Constitution, where decisions are made by and for the peo-ple of our Nation. I choose a country that honors these Founding principles, that comes together to tackle the big challenges, that works not for the 1 percent or the 10 percent but for 100 percent of Americans. Let us reclaim our ‘‘we the people’’ democracy, our ‘‘we the people’’ vision, and set our Na-tion back on track. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.023 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S111 January 20, 2016 
RECESS Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate stand in recess as under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:26 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. C
OATS ). 
f 
AMERICAN SECURITY AGAINST FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT OF 2015— MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 4038, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 300, H.R. 4038, a bill to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of cer-tain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is un-fortunate that the fear and xenophobia being peddled by some Republican can-didates for President is now being given time on the Senate floor. Instead of solving the real problems facing Americans—like the student debt crisis or our need for energy inde-pendence—or responding to real threats to our national security—like our failure to track visa overstays or prevent terrorists from buying guns— today we are debating a strawman in-spired by Donald Trump’s baseless rhetoric. The bill the Republican leader is ask-ing us to consider will not make Amer-ica safer. In fact, it is a dangerous dis-traction that plays into the hands of the ISIS propaganda machine. Instead of demonizing refugees, who are the most thoroughly screened group of people who enter the United States, we should take up and pass the Defeat ISIS and Protect and Secure the United States Act of 2015. That bill of-fers a comprehensive strategy to counter ISIS propaganda and violent extremism in the United States and abroad. It offers real solutions that will keep us safe rather than scapegoating refugees who are fleeing war and torture. In contrast, the bill we are asked to consider has put forward fresh fodder for the false narrative that we are at war with Islam. I will oppose this House bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the quorum call be equally divided between both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to calendar No. 300, H.R. 4038, an act to require that supplemental certifi-cations and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Rob Portman, John Thune, Tom Cotton, Steve Daines, James M. Inhofe, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, Lindsey Gra-ham, Pat Roberts, John Cornyn, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Boozman, Mi-chael B. Enzi, James E. Risch, John McCain. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 300, H.R. 4038, an act to require that supplemental certifications and background inves-tigations be completed prior to the ad-mission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 4 Leg.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Graham Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 43. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY— VETO—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call for regular order with respect to the veto message on S.J. Res. 22. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The veto message is the pending business. The Senate proceeded to reconsider the joint resolution. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk on the veto mes-sage. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, John Thune, Johnny Isakson, Steve Daines, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, Deb Fischer, Pat Roberts, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, Joni Ernst, David Vitter, Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso, Ron John-son, Thad Cochran. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, this cloture vote be set at 10:30 a.m. on Thursday, January 21; further, that if cloture is not in-voked, the veto message be indefinitely postponed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.024 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES112 January 20, 2016 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, 6 months ago, world powers reached an agree-ment to constrain Iran’s nuclear pro-gram and to give us a path forward to-ward constraining Iran’s nuclear ambi-tions. While the international commu-nity has taken some positive steps to implement this agreement and to limit Iran’s nuclear program and while Iran has recently taken positive steps to ob-serve and to implement this agree-ment, we must do much more to strict-ly enforce this deal and aggressively push back on Iran’s bad behavior out-side the deal’s parameters. If we don’t, this nuclear agreement may not sur-vive into next year. This past weekend was an eventful one for U.S. foreign policy and, in par-ticular, for U.S. policy toward Iran. Saturday marked implementation day of this nuclear deal, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA. Implementation day is important be-cause it means that the International Atomic Energy Agency, or the IAEA, has certified that Iran has completed a whole series of tasks required as part of the nuclear agreement. The four most important of those tasks are these: First, it has shipped 12 tons of en-riched uranium—nearly its entire stockpile, which took Iran a decade to amass—out of the country to a secure facility supervised by the IAEA around the clock. Second, it means Iran has reduced the number of its functioning cen-trifuges—centrifuges it uses to enrich uranium—by nearly two-thirds, or from roughly 19,000 to a little more than 6,000, and it has accepted long- term limits on developing, testing, and deploying new centrifuges. Third, it means that Iran has pre-sented the IAEA with unprecedented 24/7 access to monitor all of its nuclear- related facilities. That is not only en-richment facilities. That is uranium mines, uranium mills, and centrifuge production facilities—every known and declared site within Iran connected to its nuclear program. This level of ac-cess far exceeds previous IAEA authori-ties in countries suspected of trying to develop a nuclear weapon. Fourth—and to me, in ways most im-portantly—Iran has filled the core of its Arak heavy water reactor, pictured here, with concrete, permanently dis-abling the most likely short-term path that Iran had to producing weapons- grade plutonium. Had Iran proceeded and had Iran been able to produce sig-nificant quantities of weapons-grade plutonium, our ability to intervene and to prevent their march toward a nu-clear weapon would have been signifi-cantly harder. Plutonium is one of the most lethal toxic substances known to man, and any attack on a heavy water reactor producing plutonium would have had horrible consequences, not just in Iran but throughout the entire region. So blocking Iran’s short-term pathway through uranium enrichment and through plutonium enrichment is a sig-nificant step forward and does reflect significant restraints on Iran’s nuclear weapons program. As a result of the conditions on this deal that I just referenced, the time it would take Tehran to break out and to dash toward a nuclear weapon, to amass all of the fissile material needed for a bomb has been extended signifi-cantly from just 2 months to 3 months to a year or more. But these positive developments come with substantial risks, principally among them is the tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief that Iran will now receive for complying with the terms of the deal. Tens of billions of dollars of Iranian as-sets, which have long been frozen in bank accounts around the world through an American-led international sanctions effort will now be released. That is why America and our inter-national partners must continue to ag-gressively enforce the terms of the deal and to make sure that Iran remains in compliance with every aspect of the JCPOA. Our work in this area is more urgent and more difficult than it has been at any point before. We can be confident that in the coming months and years the Iranians will test the boundaries of the deal and will probe our every response. Indeed, they al-ready have. If we fail to respond more swiftly and more vigorously to these Iranian provocations, Iran will nibble away at the deal’s restrictions and gradually undermine the international coalition that put it together. Every minor vio-lation that we permit, every violation that we tolerate damages our credi-bility and gives Iran tacit permission to continue its breaches of the agree-ment. Given this stark, difficult reality, our efforts to deter Iranian aggression must not be limited to just enforcing the nuclear deal, or the JCPOA. Rath-er, our efforts must be part of a coher-ent, unified regional strategy to con-tain Iran and to push back on its bad behavior in the Middle East, a task made even more difficult because of its newfound access to assets previously frozen. That comprehensive effort to counter and contain Iran must include a willingness to take unilateral action by imposing new sanctions on Iran for destabilizing actions, both inside and outside the parameters of the nuclear agreement. That brings me to the second impor-tant development of this past week-end—the designation of additional sanctions to punish Iran for its bal-listic missile tests. Last fall, in clear violation of the United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 1929, Iran con-ducted two ballistic missile tests: one on October 10 and one on November 21. Since then, I and many of my col-leagues have been calling on the Obama administration to punish Iran for these disruptive, dangerous, and blatantly illegal actions. Over the weekend, the administration took ac-tion by designating for sanctions 11 ad-ditional individuals and business enti-ties involved in supporting Iran’s bal-listic missile program. These sanctions follow a series of steps previously taken by the Treasury Department last fall to sanction other Iranians, other Iranian-linked individuals and organi-zations for a litany of other dangerous and illegal activities: supporting Hezbollah officials and agents who threaten our vital ally, Israel; sup-plying financial and material aid to the Houthi rebels in Yemen; providing military support for the murderous Assad regime in Syria; and the list goes on. It is important for all of us, on a bipartisan basis, to remind our allies throughout the world that American- led sanctions against Iran—for its human rights violations, for its bal-listic missile program, for its support of terrorism—remain in effect and will be vigorously enforced. From conducting these missile tests to supporting terrorism, to continuing to deny the very existence of some basic human rights, Iran has shown time and again it will continue to flout international rules and values. The United States must continue to main-tain its unilateral sanctions in these areas, and we must not hesitate to use these authorities—not just to punish Iran for its immediate bad behavior but to send a clear signal to our allies in the region, throughout the world, and to Tehran that we are serious about holding Iran accountable. Of course, implementation day and the imposition of sanctions and sanc-tion designations for Iran’s illegal bal-listic missile tests weren’t the only sig-nificant developments of the new year. We also learned this weekend that America would soon be able to wel-come home five innocent Americans long held unlawfully by Iran. These Americans should never have been held in the first place and their release was long overdue. The negotiations to re-lease these five Americans occurred outside the parameters of the JCPOA. While we are grateful for their safe return, this release also raises some se-rious questions. We still don’t know the status of retired FBI agent Robert Levinson or his whereabouts. We don’t know the status of Siamak Namazi, an Iranian-American energy industry ex-ecutive arrested in October. It is my hope there are equally ceaseless efforts by the administration to bring them home. We have to ask: What did we give up? What were the terms of the agreement? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.035 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S113 January 20, 2016 
How did we make possible this release? A key part that is public is that while none of the 7 Iranians released were convicted of violence, they were none-theless convicted of criminal acts, and 14 Iranians who may have been con-victed had the charges against them dropped. The question we are going to have to pursue is, What precedent did these prisoner swaps set for our future interactions with the Iranian regime? It is my hope that we are at the end of prisoner deals with the Iranian regime. We must remember, though, that de-spite the limits imposed by the JCPOA, Iran continues to destabilize the Mid-dle East and undermine America’s goals for the region. Iran’s behavior since the JCPOA was signed has made it crystal clear that Iran is neither America’s friend nor ally. We must re-main suspicious and distrustful of the Iranian regime. In addition to its ballistic missile test I referenced before, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard has conducted dangerous military operations near U.S. ships, most recently threatening the safety of American sailors by con-ducting a live-fire exercise barely a mile from the aircraft carrier, the USS Harry S. Truman. Iran also detained American sailors in the Arabian Gulf last week, and it did not treat them in a manner con-sistent with naval forces rendering as-sistance at sea. While I am pleased our sailors were released safely, Iran did use the images of those sailors for propaganda purposes in an attempt to send a signal to the world about its ca-pacity to sow chaos in the region. We must not turn a blind eye to provo-cations of Iran in the open seas of the Persian Gulf and throughout the re-gion. I call on the administration and on my colleagues to support signifi-cantly increased efforts at maritime interdictions in the gulf and through-out the broader region. We should con-duct more joint military exercises with our valued allies and partners in the region to make it clear to Iran that we will continue to pursue our interests, and we will counter Iran’s maligned ac-tivities. Again, to remain distrustful of Iran and push back on the regional am-bitions I think is the only path toward a safer, stronger Middle East and an American presence as one of its re-gional leaders. No one should mistake Tehran’s com-pliance with the terms of the nuclear agreement for a broader willingness to respect human rights and engage with the international community in the rules-based order that we have helped lead since the Second World War. I have seen nothing to indicate that the regime in Tehran cares about the well- being of the Iranian people, much less the opinion of the world community. In October, for example, two Iranian poets each received 10-year sentences and 99 lashes for kissing members of the oppo-site sex and shaking their hands. That same month an Iranian award-winning filmmaker was sentenced to 6 years in prison and 200 lashes on the charge of insulting sanctities. The filmmaker was making a documentary about an Iranian artist, based in Europe, who had been accused of blasphemy. Nearly two-thirds of the 12,000 can-didates who applied to run in next month’s parliamentary elections re-cently withdrew or were disqualified by Iran’s Guardian Council. Iran’s Su-preme Leader said: ‘‘Americans have set their eyes covetously on elections, but the great and vigilant nation of Iran will act contrary to our enemies’ will, whether it be in elections or on other issues, and as before we will punch them in the mouth.’’ These are not the actions or the statements of a state that respects the rights of its people or seeks friendship with the United States in the near future. Just 2 weeks ago I returned from a trip to Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Israel, and Austria. I am grateful to my col-league from New York, Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND , for organizing this trip, which included important meetings with nu-clear inspectors from the IAEA. We met with their leadership headquartered in Vienna and had meet-ings with Israeli Prime Minister Ben-jamin Netanyahu, Minister of Defense Ya’alon, and Turkish President Erdogan, as well as other vital regional leaders. The message my colleagues and I heard from these leaders was sim-ple, powerful, and clear: America must reassure our allies that we will not waver in our commitment to push back on Iran, its nuclear program, and its destabilizing actions in the region. Our partners, our allies—and Iran—must know and believe through our words and our actions that we are serious about preserving the long-term sta-bility of the Middle East and that Iran—a revolutionary regime—does not share our values or that goal. As part of this effort, we must reas-sure, reaffirm, and strengthen our sup-port for our vital ally, Israel. As the administration negotiates a new, long- term memorandum of understanding to provide Israel with the security assist-ance it needs to protect itself in the most dangerous neighborhood on Earth, we must insist that joint U.S. and Israeli strategic planning includes protection of Israel from threats it faces from neighboring instability in Syria. We must not allow Israel to be attacked by Iranian proxies, such as Hezbollah and Hamas. We must work closely with the Israelis to share intel-ligence and intercept any weapons shipments from Iran to its regional proxies. If we fail to push back on Iran and enforce the terms of the nuclear deal, not only will the agreement collapse, but our efforts to show the world that diplomacy actually works will be dealt a dangerous blow as well. In the weeks and months to come, I call on the administration to do more to push back on Iran, and I call on my colleagues—Republicans and Demo-crats alike—to come together, to be en-gaged, and to remain focused on enforc-ing the terms of this nuclear agree-ment, on containing Iran, and on deter-ring their bad behavior, their support for terrorism, their support for human rights violations, and their relentless effort to develop and advance ballistic missile capability. As I said before on this floor, the Ira-nian Government has long paid close attention to everything America says and more closely to what America does. Never has it been more true than today. Never has it been more urgent than today. As the regime gains great-er access to money and resources, we must not take our eye off of Iran. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer knows, throughout last year’s session I would come to the Senate floor every week and talk about a waste of the week. That was in 2015. We did nearly 30 of those in the 30 weeks that the Senate was in session, maybe skipping one or two. It is 2016. We are in a new year, and I am back for the 2016 version of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ The reason I am doing this is because I am trying to bring to the attention of my colleagues and the American people the fact that the government is not spending their hard-earned tax dollars in the most efficient and effective way that they could. By highlighting these various uses of expenditures in Wash-ington and abuses of that spending, we alert them to the fact that there are significant savings that can be made. In 2015, we totaled up to nearly $130 billion of demonstrated examples of waste, fraud, and abuse—money that was spent for no purpose whatsoever or for a purpose that certainly didn’t qualify for the use of taxpayer dollars and the abuse of that spending and the fraud that went along with it. This is just scratching the surface. The Presiding Officer was very much a part of this and knows that since 2010 there has been a significant effort, much of it a bipartisan effort, to try to deal with the long-range plunge into evermore spending and evermore debt that is plaguing our country, holding down our ability to grow as an econ-omy, and will have long-term negative consequences on our generation and particularly on future generations. Whether it was Simpson-Bowles or Domenici-Rivlin or whether it was the Gang of 12, the Committee of 6 or the Vitter committee, many efforts were made to try to work with the adminis-tration to address the long-term prob-lems. Eventually, each one of those failed. I am not here to impose blame on anyone. It would be easy to do. It is a very difficult problem working with the administration, and sometimes we have differences between our two par-ties here, but there was general rec-ognition—universal recognition—that we couldn’t continue down the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.037 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES114 January 20, 2016 
path of excessive spending, more than we received in revenues, year after year at a frightening pace to ever greater debt. When this administration took office, the national debt—accumulated well over 200 years of the existence of this country—that debt has nearly doubled in the 8 years this administration has been in office and will virtually double before that term is up. It is unsustainable. The Congressional Budget Office—a neutral agency that has nothing to do with Republicans or Democrats or poli-tics. It simply gives us the numbers and the numbers tell the story. Those numbers are frightening when we look at the degree to which we continue to plunge into debt. The Congressional Budget Office just released its latest report, which said coming deficits will be more than 20 percent larger than previously fore-cast—previously forecast, just last Au-gust. Depending on some of the actions taken here in Congress regarding spending, the calculation has to be changed, and it is going to be 20 per-cent more than what they had pro-jected just a few months ago. We are looking at trillion-dollar deficits on the horizon. In my mind, here is the most star-tling of the 10 recommendations and notices to us: In 10 years, 99 percent of all revenue that comes in to the Fed-eral Government—the cumulation of everyone’s taxes and all the money that flows into Washington through user fees, excise fees, withholding taxes from our paycheck, the taxes we pay either every April or quarterly taxes, every tax out there accumulating, 99 percent will go to mandatory spending and net interest spending. If you are for a stronger defense, if you are for better research at the Na-tional Institutes of Health, if you are for funding the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, if your inter-est is education, social welfare, if you are looking at any of the hundreds, if not thousands, of programs that var-ious interests have here, if 99 percent of the revenues coming in are going to things we have no control over—man-datory spending, which is Social Secu-rity, Medicare, Medicaid—essentially only 1 percent is left to divide up among everything else the Federal Government does; that is, building roads, fixing bridges, grants to cities, environmental interests, on and on we could go. If 99 percent is going to spending what we can’t control—sim-ply paying interest on the debt and covering the entitlement spending of Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid—it is unsustainable. Those efforts have failed. It is a pox on all of our houses. We tried mightily and had no ability to bring it to conclusion. That has been kind of pushed off the table. We didn’t talk about that much in the last year of this Congress. The focus was on other issues. But this looming catastrophe that will happen based on nothing but numbers, arith-metic, and facts—will happen sooner than anybody anticipates—cannot be put aside. But having failed in those major efforts and as long as this Presi-dent is in office, it appears that we are not going to be successful this year. This catastrophe will be dumped on the next President’s lap, whoever that President might be, and I thought the very least we could do is continue to look at how to make government more efficient, how to prioritize our spend-ing, and how to eliminate and address the issue of waste and fraud. I started this program, waste of the week, trying to educate the public in terms of the fact that there is money out there that can be spent more wise-ly or that wouldn’t have to be taken from them in the first place or that can be used to reduce our debt. I am now up to 30 examples of ways in which we can address that. So today I am doing, I be-lieve, No. 30. This is something that has to do with our foreign policy. These wastes of the week have every-thing from the ridiculous, such as hun-dreds of thousands of dollars for a grant to a university to study whether massaging rabbits—after strenuous ac-tivity—allows for faster recovery from the strain of the rabbits’ work. This is what they are spending your tax dol-lars on. I think you can ask any per-son—whether they are in Little League, high school, professional sports, or college—whether, after strenuous exercise, it helps if you have a massage. I think the answer would be yes, of course. Everybody knows that, but we had to issue a grant of almost $400,000 to somebody who filled out a form and said: This is a great idea. Send us some Federal money, and we will produce this study, and then we will give you the conclusion. There is everything from the ridicu-lous to issues that are very serious, such as the duplication of effort in two programs to help people who are out of work either because of disability or be-cause they can’t get a job. One is called unemployment insurance and the other is called Social Security disability. To qualify for Social Security disability, you have to prove you can’t work. To get an unemployment insurance pay-ment from the government, you have to prove you can work but there isn’t a job. You don’t get both. Yet we identi-fied $5.7 billion of expenditure in dupli-cation—people who were getting a check for both being disabled and not being able to work and saying: I am able to work, but the job isn’t there. So two checks arrive every month in the mailbox for these people—to the total amount of $5.7 billion. You would think that in this day and age where everything is computerized, it would be easy for the unemployment insurance agency to call up or to con-tact Social Security and say: You know, John Smith here is applying for unemployment insurance. Can you check your records to see whether he is also receiving Social Security dis-ability? It would be easy to get their Social Security number and match. But, no, one agency is working over here and another agency is working over there. Both are sending out checks, one of which is illegal, and they are not communicating with each other. It ought to be an easy fix, but this is the Federal Government. On and on it goes. Let me talk about No. 30. No. 30 in-volves the Task Force for Business and Stability Operations in Afghanistan. It is a Pentagon business advocacy agen-cy that was formed to provide con-tracting work in Afghanistan through rebuilding. We did this in Iraq, and now we are doing it in Afghanistan. It was established for a valid purpose: to en-courage foreign investment. They have a task force, and the task force lives over there. What we found through the inspector general—a special inspector to ensure that this money that is being spent over there is spent wisely has found that millions has been spent on private housing for the staff of this task force instead of allowing those people to utilize excess space at exist-ing Department of Defense bases. So here is a Department of Defense program. The Department of Defense has housing and provisions for food and shelter and so forth, and they have ex-cess capacity because we have drawn down troops. But instead of putting those people in this area where they can occupy unoccupied space, where they can get food through the DOD process—a much cheaper process—they put them in specially furnished, pri-vately owned villas and spent $150 mil-lion doing it. They have also hired con-tractors to provide—because they are separate from the Department of De-fense base, they have to have private security, they have to have food serv-ices provided to them, they have to have bodyguards for staff and visitors, and they have to have onsite laundry service, food and drink services, pri-vate transportation, cultural advisers, and housekeeping services. All of this could be avoided for this task force which is there to provide investment counsel and advice for Afghanistan. Not surprisingly, reports of the spending drew the attention of the Spe-cial Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, who has spent time digging into finding out exactly what is happening here. He noted that the exorbitant cost of the villas is espe-cially concerning, as I have said, be-cause there are other facilities through the Department of Defense that have been planned for this specific purpose that are not being used and it would be much cheaper if they were used. Be-cause they are already there, they don’t to have all this collateral sup-port. He said that 20 percent of the task force budget provided housing and security for no more than 5 or 10 staff-ers. Former task force employees told in-vestigators that the inspector general estimates that housing a staff of 10 at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.038 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S115 January 20, 2016 
the U.S. Embassy in 2014 in Kabul would have cost $1.8 million and little or nothing if they had bunked with troops at a military base. The IG also noted that poor oversight and the complete lack of coordina-tion—where have we heard that before? Where have we heard about Federal programs with a complete lack of co-ordination with other programs to see if there is duplication, such as Social Security disability and the unemploy-ment insurance as an example? That has not been provided, he said. He is still investigating all of this, but what we are going to do today is take that $150 million price tag for these Afghanistan villas to the tax-payer, and we are going to add that. By the way, I have a picture of the villas. I can see why people might want to live in something like this rather than an Army base. But this is tax dol-lars going over to Afghanistan. We have a mission over there to complete. I don’t know—this could be in Wash-ington, DC, or this could be in Indian-apolis, IN. They are pretty nice digs. Is it really necessary to spend that kind of money when other facilities are available, when all the services and food are available to maintain these and the security is within a Depart-ment of Defense military base? Do we have to go to this level of support with taxpayer dollars? We are adding $150 million to our ever-growing list of waste, and our total is now well over $130 billion of cost. That is this week’s waste of the week. 
SYRIAN REFUGEES  
Mr. President, I also wish to talk about the Syrian refugee issue. I had the opportunity to spend some time in Jordan, as a member of the Intel-ligence Committee, and in Turkey looking at the situation as it exists in Syria. I also spent time in Italy and Greece relative to the humanitarian crisis that is taking place, with lit-erally hundreds of thousands of people who are fleeing Iraq, northern Iraq, and fleeing Syria because it is a war-torn area, and their migration and all the issues involved with that migration and the implications and consequences it is having on Europe. It is an issue here in the United States, resettlement of refugees. It is overwhelming. These countries cannot even begin to process people coming to their borders to determine whether they are legitimate or whether they are inserted terrorists who are using this flow of migration to gain access to Europe, to gain access to the United States, and to gain access to other places. They are legitimate people who are leaving with their families to avoid the consequences of this war; yet we know, because we have already ascertained this, that included in that effort are terrorists who want to insert themselves into that flow so they can come to Europe, come to our European capitals, come to the United States, and continue their brutality and jihad against Americans and against Western civilization. I think the issue we just voted on here unfortunately fell short. We didn’t get support from our colleagues across the aisle and didn’t have the necessary number of votes to pass what the House has already passed, and that is to pro-vide a suspension of time to comply with what our FBI Director has said needs to be done so that we can ensure that people in this refugee flow who are going to be admitted to America under the administration’s plan are truly war-torn refugees and not representing a terrorist threat to the American pub-lic. The FBI Director and our intel-ligence agencies have said we don’t have the necessary tools in place to be able to ascertain this, and until we do, we cannot guarantee that these refu-gees do not include people who are not coming for asylum reasons but are con-nected in one way or another to terror-ists. I thought it was a very reasonable thing to do to provide for security for Americans and assure them that we are not simply opening the gates here to terrorist access, to pause and get these screening procedures in place before we allow this to happen. We just had this vote within an hour or so and came up short, which is un-fortunate, and we did not gain the sup-port we needed to get the necessary votes from our colleagues. So the effort the House has made once again dies in the Senate because while we had vir-tually every Republican vote, we couldn’t get any other votes to get to the necessary level to take up the leg-islation and move forward. There may be another attempt to do that. After going and looking and talking to U.N. associate officials, talking to our government officials, talking to of-ficials from these various countries and particularly those entry points from northern Africa that come through Italy and from Greece, which comes from Syria and Iraq, the conclusion I came to was that this flow, which is now well over 1 million people—tempo-rarily slowed here because of the weather, and it will start up again in the spring when it warms up—is over-whelming Europe. You don’t have to watch too much cable news or read too much of a newspaper to see what is happening in Europe with the massive inflow of refugees, asylum seekers, and the incorporation of people who are not abiding by the laws, overwhelming the system. So as open-arms welcome, as Ger-many was under the Chancellor’s proc-lamation to ‘‘bring them here, and we will take care of them,’’ even that is now under question in terms of Ger-many’s capability of doing that. A number of other countries, including Denmark and Hungary, are basically saying: We can’t handle all of this. It is just overwhelming us. The social and financial consequences of all of this are a great political, as well as a financial, threat to Europe, and we have seen evi-dence of that. No one is really talking about a possible alternative that can deal with this problem. Several months ago, I came to the Senate floor and basically said: I think I have a better solution that is perhaps even more financially feasible. My so-lution is to provide safe havens for these people either within their coun-try or simply across the border of other countries. Turkey and Jordan are tak-ing in millions of refugees, but they are overwhelmed. There is a precedent here in terms of providing safe havens. I was serving in the Senate at the time of the Balkan war, and the bru-tality there was equal to some of the brutality that is taking place in Syria. It was a desperate situation, but through the U.N. agencies for refugee relief and the use of NATO to provide security, we created, as a coalition of nations, safe havens for people in the Balkans. There were a few mistakes, but in the end it worked very signifi-cantly. These people wanted to go back to their homes. They wanted to stay citi-zens of their country. They had hun-dreds of years of history through the line of their families in these coun-tries, and they didn’t want to try to take on a different language and have to learn different skills in order to as-similate in other countries any more than we would want to move our people out to another country if we were in that situation. By creating safe havens and having NATO provide the security to keep these safe havens from being attacked or misused and by providing a coalition of financial support and enough hu-manitarian support through the United Nations and through the world’s na-tions, I said this is a better way to han-dle it, and we succeeded in that effort. So the precedent is there, and I thought: Why not use the same model for Syria? It solves the immigration issue because those people are housed in a humanitarian way, with NATO providing for their safety, which is what I suggested. After all, Turkey is part of NATO. It is a mission in which NATO would address the problem in Europe, where most of the NATO na-tions are housed. Obviously, the United States would take part in it. It provides a financial situation to the issue. I haven’t been able to cal-culate this, but the cost of providing those safe havens can’t exceed the cost of all the transfer, movement, assimi-lation into the culture, training, edu-cation, learning the language, and ev-erything that has to be provided for those who are going to foreign nations from their homeland. So once again, I am bringing this suggestion to my colleagues’ attention, and, hopefully, to the attention of NATO and other countries that are caught up in this refugee problem and asking: Why don’t we reopen the dis-cussion and debate about what the cost would be, what it would take to accom-plish it in order to create these safe ha-vens in areas close to or within the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.040 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES116 January 20, 2016 
borders of the countries from which they are coming from? It addresses a multitude of problems that are over-whelming the capability of European nations and have created a political storm of opposition both in Europe as well as in the United States, and it le-gitimately gives those refugees safe harbor, humanitarian support, and housing conditions. It gives them food, water, and humanitarian and medical support at their safe haven rather than have them flowing into other coun-tries. So, once again, I am calling for this. Germany estimates that last year alone the cost of the refugee crisis was 21 billion euros, and in dollars it would be even more. Italy spent 620 million euros in 2014 and more than 800 million euros in 2015. Individual islands in Greece spent between 1 and 1.5 billion euros last year, and they can’t afford it. We all know that Greece can’t begin to afford this. They have said: We have enough financial problems trying to take care of our own people, let alone the massive influx of refugees. Some-times they get 10,000 refugees a day in their country who say: We are here, we want to eat, we want a place to sleep, and we need to be taken care of. Greece is saying: We can’t even take care of our own, let alone the refugees. It is creating tremendous tension and tremendous political consequences for many European nations. The EU allo-cated 560 million euros for the crisis last year, which is far too short. But in that context, this money can be used to address the problem of funding for these safe havens, avoiding all of the cultural, political, and social dynamics that are a part of this refugee flow and creating so many problems there. I have kind of given an outline here of what I think we ought to seriously consider as we are looking at the ref-ugee crisis. For those who say America is not a welcoming country, that is not true. My mother is an immigrant. I am the son of an immigrant. She came here as a young child with her sisters and brothers the legal way. My mother and father learned the language and worked hard so that we could get a good education and assimilate into the United States. But now we simply don’t have the ca-pability. It is not wise to simply open our borders and say: Come one; come all. Maybe that was possible before ISIL, ISIS, Al Qaeda, and these other terrorist groups were formed, but today we have a major national secu-rity issue combined with the ability to assimilate refugees from other coun-tries. The security issue alone puts us in a position where we just simply can’t provide the kind of security for the American people without screening and background checks because ISIL said: We are doing this. Look at California and these other places where they are inspired over the Internet or injected into our country. The FBI Director says: We are overwhelmed in terms of trying to keep track of people whom we suspect are trying to do harm to the American people. I think because of that issue alone, as well as the other issues involved here, this is a model we ought to take a serious look at. Once again, I am calling for that, and I will talk more about that as we go forward. I am now finished with my two pres-entations. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RIGHT TO LIFE FOR THE UNBORN  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, Kan-sans celebrate a rich history of pro-tecting man-made laws that deny nat-ural rights. We have protested many things over a long period of time, and our history is significant in that re-gard. After years of bloodshed leading to the Civil War, Kansas was born a free State. Though we lament the use of any violence, residents of our State have acted on the firm conviction that human beings, regardless of their stage or state in life, could not be regarded as property by other people. We take pride in the fact that one of the first sit-ins of the civil rights movement took place at the Dockum Drugstore in Wichita, KS, leading the way for peaceful protests in the strug-gle for equality. Today I wish to call attention to a somber anniversary in our Nation’s history that will be observed this week. Forty-three years ago, the Supreme Court determined an unborn child has no guaranteed right to life under the Constitution, paving the way to de-stroy the lives of 57 million unborn children since 1973. Many Kansans, most of them very young, will continue a decades-long tradition of standing up for the civil rights of an unprotected class of people as they come to Washington, DC. With their chaperones, they will comprise one of the Nation’s largest groups at-tending the annual March for Life. They come each January, when it is rarely warm, and, as is forecast for this Friday’s march, it will be snowy, cold, and probably very miserable. Despite the elements—despite the weather— when the hundreds of thousands of youth walk down Constitution Avenue past the Capitol and the Supreme Court, they give witness to the sanc-tity of human life from the moment of conception. They protest abortion pro-viders receiving taxpayer dollars. They object to government policies that vio-late freedom of conscience. These Kansans have made a 20-hour bus ride and will yet again brave cold weather to demonstrate their commit-ment to the right to life—a right that those of us in positions of power have an obligation to protect. When visiting with these young advo-cates, I have been struck by the clarity with which they march. Motivated by a joy for life, a love for life, they come to Washington, DC, not to condemn, but rather to affirm that all life is sacred and to encourage a broader realization of that in our Nation. Every opportunity they have while they are here they will use to educate and to encourage a point of view that protects life. As other times in our struggle for civil rights in our country, they will make progress to pursue and secure the right to life, and none of those things have happened as quickly as we would like. As we work to expedite the day when the unborn are protected under law, I welcome to our Nation’s capital all Kansans, as well as the hundreds of thousands more who will join them as they march for life. Every great move-ment begins with the first step, and these young Kansans can be certain their march will not be in vain. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
PRICE SPIKES IN DECADES -OLD PRESCRIPTION  
DRUGS  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I rise today with my friend and col-league, the Senator from Missouri, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , to inform our col-leagues of an important development in the investigation underway by the Special Committee on Aging as we ex-amine the sudden and dramatic price hikes for certain decades-old prescrip-tion drugs. First, let me provide the Presiding Officer and our colleagues with some background on our investigation to date. Given that 90 percent of seniors take at least one prescription drug every month, the egregious price in-creases we have witnessed on these older drugs that are no longer under patent protection could inflate the cost of health care by hundreds of millions of dollars each year. Concerned not only about the high costs but also about the potential risk that patients will not be able to access the prescrip-tion drugs they need, we launched a bi-partisan investigation early last No-vember into the causes, effects, and po-tential solutions to these massive and unjustified price increases. Our investigation is focused on four companies that recently acquired six drugs that were decades old—drugs whose patents had expired long ago— and then these companies, after pur-chasing these drugs, dramatically hiked their prices. The four companies are Turing Pharmaceuticals, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Retrophin, Incor-porated, and Rodelis Therapeutics. Of these four, Turing Pharma-ceuticals, previously led by its founder Martin Shkreli, is the company that has received the most attention. In Au-gust of last year, Turing acquired the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.042 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S117 January 20, 2016 
drug Daraprim. Daraprim is considered to be the gold standard for the treat-ment of toxoplasmosis, a disease re-sulting from a parasite infection that can be particularly harmful to infants born to infected mothers. Despite the fact that Daraprim has been on the market for 63 years, Turing bought the drug and then promptly raised its price from $17.63 to a whop-ping $750 per pill. The other three companies also dra-matically increased the prices of the drugs they acquired from between 300 to 2,000 percent. On November 4, we wrote to the com-panies asking for detailed information regarding their pricing decisions. I ask unanimous consent that our letter be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-sion of my remarks. Around the same time, Turing CEO Shkreli was actively engaged in online postings and other communications discussing Turing business, using what appeared to be his own personal elec-tronic devices. On November 12, 2015, the Aging Committee asked the counsel for Turing to take reasonable steps to en-sure that any business records on Mr. Shkreli’s personal devices be properly preserved and produced. Turing still has not provided the Aging Committee with clear assurances that it will do so, notwithstanding the fact that they have told us that Mr. Shkreli was ‘‘principally involved for Turing in all aspects of the transactions and the de-cisions covered by’’ our November 4 letter. On December 9, 2015, we issued a sub-poena for documents to Mr. Shkreli in his capacity as CEO, compelling Turing to produce the information that had been sought by our November 4 letter. On December 15, 2015, we learned that Mr. Shkreli had been indicted on seven counts unrelated to Turing and pre-dating the company’s corporate exist-ence. The next day Turing announced Mr. Shkreli’s resignation as CEO but left unclear whether or not he re-mained on its board of directors. The fact that the company has not made it clear that it would act to pre-serve Turing business records in its former CEO’s possession left the com-mittee deeply concerned that we might not receive all documents relevant to our investigation. Therefore, on De-cember 21 of last year, the committee requested that Turing provide detailed information on the steps it was taking to preserve these records. Once again, however, Turing failed to produce an adequate response to our request. Consequently, the Special Committee on Aging issued another document sub-poena—this one directly to Martin Shkreli himself—on December 24. It di-rected him to produce substantially the same documents sought by the committee’s December 9 subpoena. By a letter dated January 12, 2016, counsel informed our committee that Mr. Shkreli was categorically invoking the act of production privilege under the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and was therefore refusing to produce any documents in response to the De-cember 24 subpoena. So this is the im-portant new development. He has cho-sen, in response to a document sub-poena for Turing documents that may be in his personal possession, to invoke the Fifth Amendment. To be clear, Mr. Shkreli is essen-tially arguing that the very act of pro-ducing and authenticating documents that are seemingly unrelated to the charges filed against him may incrimi-nate him. The committee has asked him through counsel for an explanation of the rationale for this argument, and we are awaiting a response. The com-mittee is troubled by his unsupported invocation, given that the Turing docu-ments we have requested appear to be unrelated to the charges brought against him. Absent a valid justifica-tion of the grounds for invoking the Fifth Amendment, Mr. Shkreli’s asser-tion could hinder our important inves-tigation. Our committee is seeking to under-stand how companies can acquire pre-scription drugs—drugs for which they had nothing to do with the research and development, drugs that in some cases are more than half a century old—and then suddenly impose dra-matic price increases on those drugs at the expense of infants, vulnerable sen-iors, and others with devastating dis-eases for which in some cases these drugs are the gold standard for treat-ment. So far the Special Committee on Aging has received nearly 20,000 docu-ments over the course of this investiga-tion. The documents the Senator from Missouri and I are seeking on behalf of the committee likely include informa-tion that is essential in order for us to fully understand why this phenomenon is happening and to develop the legisla-tive and regulatory solutions to end this disturbing practice. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STATES SENATE , S
PECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING, Washington, DC, November 4, 2015. Mr. M
ARTIN SHKRELI , Chief Executive Officer, Turing Pharma-ceuticals LLC, Avenue of the Americas, 39th Floor, New York, NY. D
EARMR. SHKRELI : The United States Sen-ate Special Committee on Aging is con-ducting an investigation into the pricing of off-patent drugs in certain circumstances. We seek your cooperation with this inves-tigation so that the Committee may better understand drug pricing and related regu-latory and public policy concerns. In particular, the Committee wishes to learn more about Turing Pharmaceuticals’ recent acquisition of the rights to sell Daraprim, a drug used to treat and prevent infections, from Impax Laboratories and Turing’s subsequent decision to increase the price of Daraprim from $13.50 per tablet to $750.00. In order to assist us in our investigation, we ask that you provide us with the docu-ments set forth in Schedule A and the infor-mation set forth in Schedule B by December 2, 2015. Please submit the material respon-sive to this request as it becomes available, rather than waiting to provide it all at once. In order to facilitate this production, we re-quest that you schedule a time to meet and confer on the Request with Committee Staff as soon as it is practicable for you to do so. The jurisdiction of the Special Committee on Aging is set forth in Section 104 of S. Res. 4, agreed to February 4, 1977. We appreciate your attention to this mat-ter. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to have your staff contact Samuel Dewey of the Majority Staff at (202) 224–2798, or Cathy Yu of the Minority Staff at (202) 224–7752. Please direct all official cor-respondence to the Committee’s Chief Clerk, Matt Lawrence. Sincerely, SUSAN M. C OLLINS , Chairman, U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging. C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Ranking Member, U.S. Senate Special Com-mittee on Aging. 
SCHEDULE A  1. Any analysis conducted by Turing relat-ing to the price of Daraprim. 2. Any analysis in Turing’s possession, cus-tody, or control relating to the price of Daraprim; exclusive of documents responsive to Schedule A, Specification 1, herein. 3. My communications with Turing’s Board of Directors relating to Daraprim. 4. Any documents generated by the Turing Board of Directors relating to Daraprim. 5. My projected or historical financial data relating to Daraprim, including, but not lim-ited to, costs, revenues, profits, losses, and cash flows. 6. Any projected or historical financial data relating to Turing’s research and devel-opment, including, but not limited to, re-search and development relating to Daraprim. 7. Any documents evaluating any product market that includes, directly or indirectly, Daraprim, regardless of the definition of the geographic market, including, but not lim-ited to, analysis of barriers to entry thereto. 8. Any documents evaluating any market share that includes Daraprim, or the market power of that market share, for any product market or geographic market; exclusive of documents responsive to Schedule A, Speci-fication 7, herein. 9. Any communications with Impax relat-ing to Daraprim. 10. Any documents relating to Impax’s sale of Daraprim to Turing. 11. Any contracts entered into by Turing that are related to the production, mar-keting, and sale of Daraprim. 12. Any marketing or pricing plans pre-pared for, or being used in, the sale or adver-tisement of Daraprim, including all docu-ments related thereto. 13. My documents relating to Patient As-sistance Programs relating to Daraprim. 14. My documents relating to Daraprim and Imprimis. 15. Any documents relating to the price of Daraprim that have been produced pursuant to an investigative inquiry by any federal, state, or local government entity. 16. My analysis relating to Daraprim and any statute or regulation administered by the FDA. 17. Any communications with the FDA re-lating to Daraprim; exclusive of documents responsive to Schedule A, Specifications 15 or 16, herein. 18. Any documents relating to Daraprim and the Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration’s 340B Drug Discount Program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.043 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES118 January 20, 2016 
exclusive of documents responsive to Sched-ule A, Specifications 13, 16, or 17, herein. 19. Any projected or historical financial data related to Daraprim and Medicare or Medicaid; exclusive of documents responsive to Schedule A, Specifications 5, 6, or 15–18, herein. 20. Any documents notating, memori-alizing, or summarizing a communication, or a portion thereof, responsive to Schedule A, Specifications 3, 9, or 17, herein. 
SCHEDULE B  1. State: a. A list of all countries where Daraprim is sold (or is expected to be sold in the next two years from the date of this letter) and the corresponding price or planned price for each country. b. In detail, how Turing reached the price for each country. c. How the revenue, costs, and any dis-counts associated with international sales are accounted for within Turing. 2. State in detail any changes Turing has made, or plans to make, to Daraprim or the administration of the drug. 3. Identify the Turing employee responsible for setting the price of Daraprim. 4. Identify the names and addresses of all companies owned in whole or in part by Turing that are involved in the production, marketing, and sale of Daraprim and any of its components. 5. State the total expense to Turing related to the acquisition of Daraprim. 6. State in detail all known uses of Daraprim by medical professionals, includ-ing both on-label and off-label uses. 7. State in detail all known protocols, of which Daraprim is a component, used by medical professionals, including both on- label and off-label uses. 8. For each discrete communication that did not occur via document, but which would have been responsive to Specifications 1–19 of Schedule A if made via document, state: (a) The method of communication. (b) The date and time of the communica-tion. (c) The author and addressee of the com-munication. (d) The relationship of the author and ad-dressee to each other. (e) A general description of the commu-nication. Information responsive to this question should be produced in a native Excel file. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I yield now to the ranking member of the Special Committee on Aging, my colleague Senator M
CCASKILL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Madam President, first I want to compliment the chair-man of the committee for her remarks, which presented, I think, a very thor-ough and complete look at what the committee is doing and why we are doing it. There are different ways that people can do business in the Capitol. There is the one-off press conference, there is the topic of the day that everyone scurries to get attention for, and then there is the professional, plodding, complete investigation into a very im-portant public policy issue. That is the kind of investigation that Chairman C
OLLINS is leading—one that is respon-sible, thorough, and, frankly, grounded in a deep belief that the American peo-ple have the right to know why these obscure drugs and the companies that developed them were purchased, and then they exploded in price. This is something we need to understand. These drugs are lifesaving drugs. This is something that adversely affects many Americans with these drugs. But the problem that is represented here could have much broader implications. Prescription drug prices have in-creased by 13 percent in 2015, and they are up 76 percent in the past 5 years— more than eight times the rate of infla-tion. A recent national poll shows that the affordability of prescription drugs was Americans’ top health concern. This problem appears to continue unabated as we speak. Just last week, there were reports in the Wall Street Journal that several major drug com-panies have all raised prices on drugs, some by double digits in the last month alone. We need to get to the bottom of why we are seeing such huge spikes in these drug prices. In the course of the inves-tigation, we have received quite a bit of pushback from lobbyists and insid-ers. One industry lobbyist said if we wanted to cure cancer, we better leave the drug companies alone. That is ab-surd. We want to encourage innovation, and that is why the investigation is being handled so responsibly by Sen-ator COLLINS . We want to protect those in research and development, but we can do so while taking a hard look at price gouging and the hedge fund-like behavior of some pharmaceutical com-panies. I believe Congress has both the abil-ity and the duty to conduct a thorough investigation of this issue, and I am proud to be a part of this bipartisan in-vestigation led by Chairman C
OLLINS  so that we can find policy solutions that will help Americans. As she indi-cated, we have already requested and received over 20,000 documents from multiple sources and have conducted more than 60 interviews with relevant stakeholders, and we plan to continue our investigative efforts until we have assembled a sufficiently complete pic-ture so that we can be confident that any proposed policy solutions are well informed and targeted to the specific problems we have identified. In order to do that, it is important that we get all of the documents that have been re-quested. The privilege against self-incrimina-tion is an extraordinarily important and sacred constitutional right. It is a right that this body believes in pro-tecting, and we in no way want to erode it. But as a former prosecutor, I am also very aware of its limitations. In order to invoke the Fifth Amend-ment, there needs to be a nexus be-tween the documents and the informa-tion that one is refusing to provide under the privilege and an actual fear of self-incrimination in a criminal pro-ceeding. We are asking for documents that on their face have no apparent connection to any ongoing criminal proceeding. If there is no connection between the documents and a criminal proceeding or if the documents are cor-porate documents, the courts are very clear that they should be turned over to authorities. I appreciate the chairman’s conscien-tious and dogged pursuit of this inves-tigation. I will continue to cooperate and assist in any way possible. I look forward to continuing the important work of the Special Aging Committee’s investigation into drug prices, and I can assure the public that with the work that Chairman COLLINS is doing along with our staffs and the other members of the committee, we will get some answers. Thank you, Madam President. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, all across the Middle East and Europe, hundreds of thousands of refugees are fleeing the medieval barbarism of ISIS and the violent cruelty of the Assad re-gime. Out of a population of 22 million, more than 4 million Syrians have fled to neighboring countries. These refu-gees—almost all of them women and children—have been living away from their homes for years in Jordan, Tur-key, or other host countries, struggling to survive, struggling to be free. Hun-dreds of thousands have decided to make the dangerous journey to Europe. Many perish along the way. According to the United Nations, over 3,200 refu-gees attempting to reach Europe died or went missing in 2015 alone. Throughout our history, when we have been at our best, the United States has accepted the world’s most vulnerable seeking refuge from vio-lence and murder. Our principles don’t mean very much if we jettison them when we find them politically incon-venient or difficult to live by. The legislation we voted on today represents a significant departure from our proud history. It would require the Secretary of the Department of Home-land Security, the Director of the FBI, and the Director of National Intel-ligence to personally certify that each refugee from Syria and Iraq poses no security threat before admission into the United States and would effectively halt the refugee process. This is not the reason I opposed the legislation. It is worth noting it is likely those three officials would be able to do nothing else during the course of the day to keep us secure because they would be busy signing certifications. It is very clear, from all the testi-mony we have heard at our committees and people who are experts in this area, that a blanket prohibition like this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.009 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S119 January 20, 2016 
doesn’t actually make us safe. Refu-gees are the most thoroughly vetted group of anyone entering the United States. Let’s start with that. The United States first screens them and collects biometric data. Only those who pass are then referred to the United States—and refugees don’t even know which country they are going to be referred to when they approach the United Nations. Then multiple agen-cies—including DHS, the FBI, the State Department, and our intelligence agencies—conduct a rigorous screening process. This includes health checks, repeated biometric checks, several lay-ers of biographical and background screenings and interviews. Out of the 23,000 individuals referred to the United States, only about 2,000 have been ac-cepted. It should be understood by peo-ple in this body—and I hope it is under-stood by the American people—that no refugee enjoys a presumption of ac-ceptance into the United States. The reverse is true. They are required to pass the most stringent standards of any group seeking to enter the United States—a process applicants must en-dure with uncertainty for over 2 years. So instead of playing politics, in my view we ought to be having a serious discussion about how actually to keep our country safe and what will make it safer. One of the things I learned when we were working on the immigration bill in the Senate—which still hasn’t passed the House. I would remind ev-erybody, the only bill to secure our border, the only bill to provide internal security when it comes to immigration was the bill that passed through the Senate that has never been taken up by the House in any form. One of the things I learned was that of the 11 mil-lion undocumented people in the United States, 40 percent of them—al-most half—are people who came law-fully to the United States but over-stayed their visa, and we have no way of tracking that. We have no way of understanding who those people are. This legislation would have fixed that. I would have loved to have seen the House pass a companion piece of legis-lation, but that concerns me because there are a bunch of people in here who haven’t been vetted at all. So instead of playing politics, we ought to figure out what we can do. Another example. A group of us have introduced a bill that strengthens the Visa Waiver Program, which terrorists can exploit to enter the United States. Currently, over 25 million people come to the United States every year through this program. Our legislation addresses important security vulnera-bilities and closes the program to for-eign fighters. The omnibus we just passed in December included some im-portant parts of our bill. It prevents people who have traveled to terrorist hot spots in the last 5 years—including Iraq and Syria—from even using the Visa Waiver Program. It also requires all travelers using the program to have electronic passports, which are harder to fake. These are big changes to make the American people safer. Together, these changes will help stop terrorists from coming to the United States, but there are still important parts of the bill we must pass, including requiring individuals using the Visa Waiver Pro-gram to submit biometric data such as fingerprints and photos before boarding a plane to the United States, working with our European partners to close their borders to the flow of foreign fighters heading to ISIS and back, re-quiring better information sharing on foreign fighters and dangerous individ-uals. This is not to say that a refugee—or even a U.S. citizen—is not vulnerable to radicalization. We need to be vigi-lant about that. Americans are justifi-ably concerned about the reality of the threat and the dangerous world in which we live today. We must counter terrorist groups’ ability to radicalize using social media, both here at home and abroad. Our country needs a much better strategy for countering and de-grading ISIS propaganda and its re-cruitment machine. We have to develop creative and agile technologies to ef-fectively degrade the ability of ter-rorist organizations like ISIS and oth-ers to persuade, inspire, and recruit by using social media. Congress should also pass the Senate immigration bill I mentioned earlier, which included a historic investment to secure our bor-ders and enhance our interior enforce-ment. As a reminder to everybody here, this bill would double the number of border agents, expand fencing, implement new technology and resources, address visa overstays, and provide for full moni-toring of every inch of our southern border. By addressing real vulnerabili-ties and investing in smart security so-lutions, we can protect our borders and also—and also—live by our values. We cannot allow ourselves to return to dark periods in our history when Americans debated turning away those fleeing cruelty around the world. My mom who was born in Poland in 1938 while Nazi tanks amassed at the borders—she and her parents miracu-lously survived—Polish Jews—miracu-lously survived one of the worst human events in human history, and they sur-vived it in and around Warsaw. They lived there for 2 years after the war and then went to Stockholm for a year, Mexico City for a year, and then they came to New York City. They came to the one country in the world where they felt they could rebuild their shat-tered lives. On my first birthday—when I was 1 year old, 1965, 15 years after my mom and her grandparents came to the country—my grandparents sent me a birthday card. This is what they said in that card. They wrote in English, by the way, 15 years after they came to the United States: The ancient Greeks gave the world the high ideals of de-mocracy in search of which your dear mother and we came to the hospitable shores of beautiful America in 1950. We have been happy here ever since beyond our greatest dreams and expectations with democracy, freedom, and love and humanity’s greatest treasure. We hope that when you grow up you will help to develop in other parts of the world a greater understanding of these Amer-ican values. We have very few opportunities to live by our values. This is one of those times. In this case it is not about de-veloping them, as my grandparents worried during the Cold War, in other parts of the world. This is making sure that we hold on to the values that have defined us as a nation, that have sepa-rated us from so many other nations in the world and made this a place where my grandparents and my mom were able to come and achieve the American dream—a dream that would have seemed unimaginable to them during the Holocaust. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
OUR VALUE FOR LIFE  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, it is a basic American value: Families. America has gotten particular about our families. We love our families and we love our kids. It is one of the strug-gles we have had recently as a nation because we have seen this collapse of the American family, this basic value. We see that unit struggling. Families begin, a husband and a wife, in that in-credible moment when a lady looks at a pregnancy test, sees that little line, and realizes there is a baby on the way. Forty-three years ago as a country there was a decision made by the Su-preme Court. That decision forever changed the structure of our families, forever changed the values within the country, because the values shifted 43 years ago, and it changed from there is a baby on the way to that family gets to choose if that is a baby or not. To literally be able to say, based on the preference of the mom, it is tissue or it is a baby, we should handle those two things very differently. I can remember distinctly in my fam-ily 19 years-plus ago now, when we saw that little line on the pregnancy test and we started getting a house ready and getting things organized and we started trying to figure out how to get our finances in order and everything ready to go because there was a baby on the way. In those first moments, be-fore my wife could even feel that she was pregnant, we found out that she was. That was a child coming to our family. She has a name now. Her name is Hannah. With the first of our two daughters—Hannah and Jordan—we un-derstand full well how things started and what things were like in those ear-liest days. It is remarkable to me that so much of the conversation now cir-cles around preference. At that mo-ment we knew that if we didn’t do something right away to actually reach into the womb and take that child out of the womb—Planned Par-enthood and other folks would say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.047 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES120 January 20, 2016 
‘‘just to remove the tissue’’—that if something wasn’t done from that mo-ment on, there was a baby coming, a baby who would look up into our face and would smile and would have a name. Americans have lost track of this basic principle. That is not tissue in the womb. When that pregnancy test comes up positive, that is a baby. Re-gardless of the preference of any indi-vidual, that is a baby on the way. Cells are dividing. For many they don’t find out for maybe a couple of months even and begin to figure out something is really changing and they do a quick test. Sometimes by the time they even do a test there is a beating heart there. They look in with a sonogram and count 10 fingers, 10 toes. If you were to reach in and do a DNA test, you would find out that lump of tissue that is in there is not tissue. It has DNA dif-ferent than the mom, different than the dad. That is a child. It is a unique life. That life is not determined based on a preference. That life is determined based on that dividing cell as a child with 10 fingers and toes. I can’t think of anything else we have in America where anyone can say, based on their preference, I choose for that to be alive or I choose for that not to be alive. I can’t just look at this desk and say I choose to call that a life because we know life has basic criteria. It has dividing cells. It can function on its own. It can reproduce. It is life. We know what life is. We can’t casually say one thing is life and one thing is not, just like we casually don’t just try to fight off the destruction of tissue in other ways. I always smile when I hear some folks on the other side of this argu-ment say they want abortion to be safe, legal, and rare. I hear it all the time—safe, legal, and rare. When some-one says that to me, I always ask the question: Why rare? I understand safe and legal. Why would you care if it is rare? If it is just tissue, why does it matter if you remove it? No one has a big national movement to fight individuals from taking warts off their hands because everyone knows, if you have a wart on your hand, it is just tissue and no one cares if you take that off. They understand that really is your body. It is a wart on your hand and it doesn’t look good, so take it off. Everyone is fine with that. For some reason there is a push to say safe, legal, and rare when it comes to abortion because I believe inherently even the individuals who say safe, legal, and rare understand it is not just tissue or you wouldn’t say it has to be rare. You understand it is an incredibly painful, difficult decision that a mom is making because she knows in her gut that is not tissue. That is a child, a child who would one day have a name and a smile. That is a child. In China the government gets to de-cide whether it is just tissue or a child because the government will step in and say: If you have a second child, you can’t have that one. You have to de-stroy the second child. Now, in their benevolence, China has shifted to say you can have up to two children in cer-tain areas and in certain regions, but if you have a third one, you have to de-stroy that child. In America, for what-ever reason, we have individuals with the freedom to be able to say: I prefer for this not to be a child. Suddenly, somehow our culture says: OK. You can pick. The Supreme Court in 1973 looked at this issue, and they argued a lot about viability, what they call quickening. This conversation about viability real-ly circled around whether States could actually make laws protecting the lives of children once they reach viabil-ity. In 1973, viability was very different than what it is today. In the NICU units—neonatal intensive care units— you will find a very large area in most hospitals. You ought to go by and visit and walk into an NICU area because you will find many rooms and many beds there. Decades ago that wasn’t true because children at 22 weeks and 24 weeks didn’t survive before. Now a higher and higher percentage are. There are children who are in Okla-homa City right now in NICU who weigh just a tiny bit more than two iPhones. That is their weight when they are born—just a tiny bit more than two iPhones in weight. Yet they are growing up to be healthy, produc-tive kids. They are children. We are getting better at NICU as well, learning how to provide oxygen so their lungs develop. I visited some of the physicians in the NICU at OU Chil-dren’s Hospital over the Christmas break and said: What have we learned? What have we gained? Is this getting better? They talked about how we feed dif-ferently now than we did decades ago. At NICU, we understand how they are developing and receive food, and we want their digestive systems to de-velop. Things are very different now in science. It is forcing the country to rethink an issue again: When is a child a child? And in our basic American val-ues, should we stand up for them? I believe we should. I am amazed at the number of moms who—if they will get a sonogram and see the picture of their child in their womb, they under-stand clearly that is not tissue; that is a face looking back at them. Those are fingers and toes that they can count. There is a beating heart there. That is not random tissue. In fact, I don’t know if you knew this, but they can now do 3–D sonograms and then send the sonogram to a 3–D printer and actually print out a model of what the child looks like in the womb in that exact position. Not only is that cool as a parent, to be able to say that I can actually hold a model of what my child looks like right now at 20 weeks of development, 28 weeks of development and to be able to see and look at their face, but it is revolu-tionary for physicians that at 20 weeks they are reaching into the womb, giv-ing anesthetic to the child, and they can actually see exactly what the im-perfections are so when they go in to do surgery, they can practice on the outside before they reach into the in-side. The technology continues to ad-vance. I say to my colleagues, at what point will our laws catch up with our science? How long will we deny clear science and not understand that is a child? I think in the decades ahead, our Na-tion will catch up to the science and will look back on a season in our coun-try when we ignored the obvious: When a pregnancy test says positive, that is not positive for tissue; that is positive for a baby. I also want to affirm thousands of volunteers around the country—many of them coming this week to the March for Life—who serve every single week in crisis pregnancy centers around the country, who lovingly walk with moms through some of the most difficult days of their lives as they make hard deci-sions. With great compassion, they walk them through a tough pregnancy. Then they are with them in the days after delivery, bringing diapers to them, bringing formula to them, help-ing them in those early moments. Thousands of volunteers around the country do that every single week. Good for them. Good for our country. Good for our value for life. I am always proud when Americans stand up for other Americans no matter how weak they are. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, the ter-rorist attacks that we have seen over the last couple of months, including those tragically in Paris and San Bernardino, CA, have made it all too clear that terrorists’ threats to Ameri-cans and to our allies are very real. I believe the best way to combat the threat of ISIS across our globe is to continue to degrade and destroy their forces overseas and show the world that they are not as powerful as they claim to be. Our success will not only rob them of their safe haven but will also undercut their recruitment nar-rative that ISIS is on the rise. But in addition to destroying ISIS overseas, we must also focus on defeating the threat of ISIS here at home. I realize that many Americans and many of our colleagues are concerned about terrorists traveling to our bor-ders as refugees from Syria or maybe some other country. As many of my colleagues may recall, late last year we debated the question regarding the re-settlement of 4 million Syrian refugees and whether we in this country should open our doors to even a small fraction of them. We debated it right here on the Senate floor, as some of you recall, and we debated it in our committees, including the Homeland Security and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.048 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S121 January 20, 2016 
Governmental Affairs Committee, where I serve as the senior Democrat. During that debate, I was reminded of the words of Pope Francis’s historic and moving address to a joint session of Congress in the House Chamber last fall when he reminded us of the Golden Rule—to treat other people the way we want to be treated, to love our neigh-bors as ourselves. He also invoked Mat-thew 25, which deals with ‘‘the least of these’’: When I was hungry, did you feed me? When I was naked, did you clothe me? When I was thirsty, did you give me drink? When I was a stranger in your land, did you take me in? I think we have a moral imperative to provide for ‘‘the least of these,’’ but at the same time, we have a moral im-perative to protect Americans from ex-tremists who seek to come to the United States to cause us harm. As we learn to address this tension, our Na-tion has rigorous screening procedures in place for all refugees, as well as en-hanced screening for refugees who might be coming here from Syria. It is a process that takes an average of 2 years to complete. For those who aren’t familiar with the process, people—in this case, 4 mil-lion refugees—are left for fighting in Syria to try to get away to save their lives. They are in refugee camps in that part of the world, and the United Nations has a special mission which in-cludes to vet them, to get to know them, to talk with them, and to see if they would like to stay in a refugee camp or try to get settled into some other country. In vetting the 4 million refugees, a small fraction of those are folks who indicated that they would be interested in maybe resettling in this country. At the end of the day, after winnowing down from 4 million refugees, I believe the U.N. sent us 7,000 names. Out of the 7,000, we selected 2,000—mostly kids, mostly young families, mostly old peo-ple, and not very many men of fighting age, if you will. But the President has called for increasing that 2,000 to some-thing like 10,000 over the next year—of course, this year. Think about that. Out of 4 million, what percentage of 4 million is 10,000 people? Even if we took all 10,000, it is one-quarter of 1 percent. That is what it is: one-quarter of 1 percent. There are obviously concerns about whether any of those people are dangerous— pose an imminent danger to our people. Keep in mind that 2,000 have come in the course of the last year, and not one has been arrested, not one has been convicted of plotting or trying ter-rorist activity. One of the reasons that happens is—if I were an ISIS person and I were in Syria and wanted to get over, I sure wouldn’t spend 2 years try-ing to come through with the refugees. That is the most stringent vetting of any group of people who want to come to this country. They have to undergo biometric checks. They are interviewed by people who are trained not just by the U.N. but also by us overseas, and they are vetted by people, interviewed by people who are trained to detect de-ception. We have the ability to check these people against any number of the data-bases that relate to potential terrorist activity. If I were an ISIS person want-ing to embed myself with a terrorist group, I am not going to wait 2 years to do that and face the most rigorous of vetting processes for anyone trying to come to this country. For those of Syrian descent, the process could be even longer than that. It is a long time to wait for terrorists if they were going to try to use the ref-ugee program to access the United States. If I were a terrorist trying to come here, the last thing I would do is go through those 2 years of vetting. While I understand my colleagues’ concerns, the refugee bill that we dealt with today would do little to address our Nation’s security needs. That is why many of my colleagues joined me in opposing this bill. The bill that was before us would require the head of top national security agencies to person-ally certify that each refugee from Syria and Iraq poses no security threat before admission to the United States—not now, not ever. If this bill had passed, it would have served as a backdoor way to shut off the refugee program by requiring our national security leaders—the head of the FBI, Director of National Intel-ligence, Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity—to promise something they would never promise. As currently drafted, this bill would require these three na-tional security leaders to guarantee that the refugee will never, never be-come a security threat. That is not how these leaders or their organiza-tions evaluate security threats. They don’t have a crystal ball, and they can-not predict the future. Simply put, the SAFE Act would ef-fectively stop the resettlement of fully vetted refugee women, children, fami-lies, and older folks from Syria and from Iraq and would weaken our na-tional security. Again, that is one of the reasons I believe we must focus our attention on threats that pose a great-er risk to our homeland. Democrats put forward a series of commonsense solutions—alternatives, if you will—that will strengthen our security and help protect us against ISIS, a couple of which I had the pleas-ure of coauthoring. Instead of vilifying refugees, the proposals that we put for-ward impose tough new sanctions on fi-nancial institutions if they knowingly facilitate transactions with ISIS. That particular proposal closes loopholes that would let terrorists legally buy guns. This bill improves intelligence sharing with our allies who join us in the fight against ISIS. The bill also includes several provi-sions to better protect the homeland. For example, the bill—our proposal— strengthens the security of our air-ports. The bill provides better training for law enforcement to respond to ac-tive shooter incidents. The legislation also makes several improvements to the security of low-level radiological material so that potentially dangerous material does not fall into the hands of terrorists who might use it to create a dirty bomb. One particular area I want to focus on, though, is countering violent extre-mism. As the tragedy in San Bernardino, CA, underscores, some of the greatest threats we face are home-grown terrorism and self- radicalization. That is why the Demo-cratic alternative includes language from the legislation I introduced that would strengthen the Department of Homeland Security’s ability to counter violent extremism here in the United States. This proposal authorizes a new office charged with helping communities across the country—Muslim commu-nities across the country—stop their young people from being recruited by ISIS. The legislative proposal would also create a grant program that would help the Department of Homeland Se-curity connect with nonprofits, with local officials, with religious leaders and youth groups to work together to counter the narratives proffered by ter-rorist groups like ISIS. If you look in recent years at the folks in this country who are inspired by ISIS to commit terrorist activities against those of us in this country, you will not find them having come over embedded, to my knowledge, with any refugee organization or any refugee group. The biggest threat to us is not necessarily the people coming through on the Visa Waiver Program, student visa programs, or tourist visa pro-grams. The biggest threat to our secu-rity is from folks who in many cases were born here or in some cases folks who could have come from Syria, Iraq, or some other place, but they became radicalized after coming here—maybe after becoming a citizen here. Those are the threats that I think pose the greatest danger. We call them lone wolves. One of the best ways to address those folks is to look around at maybe our history and look at what is going on in Arabic and other countries and ask if there is some way to reach out to those people who are actually in danger of becoming radicalized or a lone wolf, if someone could reach out to them and reduce the likelihood of having them become radicalized and prevent them from taking out their frustration or anger on people in this country in harmful ways. In my last year as Governor of Dela-ware, I was involved in a foundation that was called the American Legacy Foundation. It was funded by a tobacco settlement between the tobacco indus-try and all 50 States. The idea behind the American Legacy Foundation was to use the $1 billion that was provided to the American Legacy Foundation to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.050 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES122 January 20, 2016 
develop ways to message and commu-nicate with young people in this coun-try who were either smoking or think-ing about becoming smokers. Some of us remember from our youth—and when I was a kid growing up, the idea of smoking was thought to be a desirable thing. Early on, we were not aware of the health consequences to it. We would see all kinds of people in commercials on television adver-tising smoking, and you would think that would be a cool thing to do. The American Legacy Foundation came along in 2001 and developed a counter-message to all of that, and we called it the Truth Campaign. The Truth Cam-paign was a multimedia campaign that was included in radio and TV commer-cials, as well as on the Internet and in magazines and that sort of thing, that young people read or listened to. The narratives and the messaging commu-nications were not developed in board-rooms or by someone like me or the paid staff of the American Legacy Foundation; they were developed by young people who could have been 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, or 18 years old who developed an area and said: This is a message you need to send out through all of these different mediums to try to convince them not to smoke or if they are already smoking, to quit. And that is what we did. If you look at the incidence of smok-ing for people who were preteens and teenagers in this country in 2001 and what it was by the end of the last dec-ade, it is amazing how well it worked. It was called the Truth Campaign. The messaging and the messages developed by our target audience were hard-hit-ting. There was a saying when I went to business school: Talk to your cus-tomer and ask them what they want. And in this case, we talked to our cus-tomers. A lot of them were about the same age as our pages who are sitting here today. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is attempting to start up an office called the Office of Community Part-nership. It is an office that would work with Muslim communities across the country, including families, religious leaders, and other young people, in order to try to make sure young people do not become radicalized and under-take activities that are going to harm other folks in this country. I think it is a very promising initiative. The folks leading this community partnership of-fice at the Department of Homeland Security are going to work with the American Legacy Foundation to see what worked and really changed the game with respect to young people smoking and using tobacco in this country. We may be able to apply some of those lessons to deter the likelihood of people of Muslim faith who are somehow convinced that their faith di-rects them to undertake these violent activities. I am encouraged by this prospect. The last thing I will say is that we have 1
1⁄2billion people around the world who are Muslims. I am Protes-tant, and there are people of different faiths in this body. There are Protes-tants, Catholics, Jews, and others. Among the things we have in common, as well as with the Muslim faith, is something I mentioned earlier—the Golden Rule. Almost every major reli-gion on Earth has several things in common, but one of the things they have in common is the Golden Rule, which is to love your neighbor as your-self and treat other people the way you want to be treated. I don’t care if you are Protestant, Catholic, Jewish, Bud-dhist, Hindu, or Muslim, somewhere in your Sacred Scripture is that idea, that notion, that directive. There are some people who take my Christian faith and turn it on its head to say and do things that we would never do and should never do. We take the Bible, the Old Testament and the New Testament, and instead of embrac-ing Matthew 25—the least of these, when I was a stranger in your land, did you take me in—we are basically say-ing: We are not going to let any people in this country who are, say, of the Muslim faith. That is not a Christian thing to say or do. People take my religion, my faith and turn it into something that it is not even close to being, and, not sur-prisingly, there are some people who do that with the Muslim faith. We need to counter that and help the vast major-ity of folks in this country who are Muslim to better counter them in ways which, frankly, I could never do but which people in Muslim communities and of that faith across the country would like to do and want to do. We need to be a good partner and help them to be successful in that effort. Frankly, that is a whole lot better al-ternative than the legislation that was before us today, and that is one thing we ought to be able to agree on. I hope my colleagues—Democratic, Repub-lican, and Independent—will find a path to join me and others who think this is a good idea and make it happen. With that, I will pass the baton to my friend from another big State, Rhode Island. I thank the Presiding Officer for the opportunity to speak today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 17 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I rise for ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech No. 124. Today, let’s talk Texas. Polling from the University of Texas at Austin shows that more than three out of four Americans—or 76 percent—now believe that climate change is occurring. Fifty-nine percent of Republicans say it is happening. While most poll re-spondents say they would support a Presidential candidate who supports reducing coal as an energy source, the number goes up to 65 percent for voters under the age of 35. So we might expect Republican Presidential hopefuls to ac-knowledge the problem and incorporate climate action into their campaign platforms. We might, but we would be wrong. Republican candidates for President have a key constituency: fossil fuel bil-lionaire donors. So the candidates ig-nore the clear tide of public opinion, mock the warnings of our scientific and national security experts, dismiss climate disruptions in their own home States, and dismiss the world-class cli-mate research of their own home State universities and scientists—even in Texas. When asked if global warming is real, the junior Senator from Texas responds that the ‘‘data and facts don’t support i t ....  Science should follow the facts.’’ OK. Let’s follow the data and facts. NOAA and NASA just announced that 2015 was the warmest year ever re-corded on Earth. That is a fact, and it not an anomaly. It is the continuation of a clear trend. Fifteen of the warmest 16 years ever recorded by humankind on this planet are the 15 years of this century. Texas A&M has a department of at-mospheric sciences. The faculty there have unanimously adopted this state-ment: 1. The Earth’s climate is warming, mean-ing that the temperatures of the lower at-mosphere and ocean have been increasing over many decades. Average global surface air temperatures warmed by about 1.5 de-grees Fahrenheit between 1880 and 2012. 2. It is extremely likely that humans are responsible for more than half of the global warming between 1951 and 2012. 3. Under so-called ‘‘business-as-usual’’ emissions scenarios, additional global-aver-age warming (relative to a 1986 to 2005 base-line) would likely be 2.5 to 7 degrees Fahr-enheit by the end of this century. 
That is Texas A&M’s scientific as-sessment supported by the data and facts. Go Aggies. The Texas State climatologist, Dr. John Neilsen-Gammon, appointed to his position by Governor George W. Bush, has concluded that ‘‘fossil fuel burning and other activities are the primary cause of the global-scale in-crease in temperature over the past decades.’’ According to a Yale University poll released last fall, most Texans—61 per-cent of Texas adults—support setting stricter limits on coal-fired power-plants. Well, the President’s Clean Power Plan would do just that. It is projected to both cut carbon emissions and save Americans money on their an-nual energy bills. Yet the junior Sen-ator from Texas rails against the plan, urging people ‘‘to stand up against this administration’s dangerous agenda of economic decline’’—economic decline if you are a big polluter, maybe, used to polluting for free. The Clean Power 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.051 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S123 January 20, 2016 
Plan will save the average American family nearly $85 on their annual en-ergy bill by 2030, not to mention pre-venting death and disease through re-duced soot, smog, and other harmful pollutants. A 2014 study found that strong limits on carbon pollution similar to those in the Clean Power Plan would prevent 2,300 deaths in Texas between 2020 and 2030. Texas emits the highest amount of carbon pollution in the country. Yet Texas is well positioned to meet its Clean Power Plan targets. An Environmental Defense Fund study based on data from Texas’s pri-mary electric grid operator shows that existing market trends alone will get Texas to 88 percent of its compliance with the plan as a result of increased wind power capacity, improved energy efficiency results, and switching from coal to natural gas. In fact, Texas’s wind farms have become so good at generating power that some utilities are giving away energy. Here is an article from the New York Times on this unique situation in Texas with the headline ‘‘A Texas Util-ity Offers a Nighttime Special: Free Electricity.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this article be printed in the R
ECORD at the end of my remarks. Scott Burns, the senior director of innovation at Reliant Energy, a Texas utility with plans to incentivize night and weekend electricity use, says: ‘‘You can be green and make green.’’ With Texas so strong in wind energy production and solar energy potential, Texas is actually in a position to use its clean energy resources to help other States comply with the Clean Power Plan, a win-win with even more Texas clean energy jobs. So, in Texas, there is an over-whelming consensus of scientists at their own State universities, there is a desire for action among the majority of Texans, and there are vast economic opportunities from Texas renewable en-ergy. But the junior Senator from Texas continues to rail against main-stream climate science. He claims that ‘‘according to the satellite data, there has been no significant global warming for the past 18 years.’’ Eighteen years. What an interesting number to pick— 18 years. If we go back 18 years, we start in 1998. Why might the junior Senator from Texas start his assessment of satellite data in 1998? Well, look at this. When PolitiFact investigated the Senator’s claim that global warming has paused, the Senator’s office referred to the work of Dr. Carl Mears, a scientist who worked with satellite data temperature sets. This is a graph of that data. Look at 1998. The Earth was experiencing a large El Nino event in 1998, and the ob-served temperatures were substantially above normal. So if that is where we start the data set, of course it is going to look like a pause. As the Wash-ington Post put it, ‘‘There is a reason why C
RUZ uses this particular year, and that reason is what makes this claim misleading.’’ PolitiFact ruled him ‘‘mostly false,’’ by the way. The whole data set shows a clear, un-equivocal, long-term global warming trend. As Dr. Mears himself said, ‘‘You can look at the data since 1980, and it’s pretty clear that there’s an ascending trend there. But if you look at any 15- year period, it’s a lot less clear that the trend line that you drive might ac-tually mean something.’’ Dr. Mears also warns against drawing conclusions from just this one data set. ‘‘Look at all the different datasets,’’ he said. ‘‘You don’t want to trust only the sat-ellite temperatures; you want to look at the surface temperatures and that sort of thing.’’ Scientists have known for some time that the oceans bear the brunt of glob-al warming. The reason is simple: They can absorb more heat than the atmos-phere, and they do. Peter Gleckler, an oceanographer at the Lawrence Liver-more National Laboratory, said, ‘‘Nine-ty, perhaps 95 percent of the accumu-lated heat is in the oceans.’’ A study released this month shows the world’s oceans absorbed—I don’t think this number has ever been said before on the Senate floor—approxi-mately 150 zettajoules—that is a lot of zeroes; I don’t even know how many ze-roes that is—150 zettajoules of man-made heat energy between 1997 and 2015. What does that mean? Here is how the Washington Post described it. I will quote the Washington Post: [I]f you exploded one atomic bomb the size of the one dropped on Hiroshima every sec-ond for a year, the total energy released would be 2 zettajoules. . . . Since 1997, Earth’s oceans have absorbed man-made heat energy equivalent to a Hiroshima-style bomb being exploded every second for 75 straight years. 
Yet the Senator from Texas would like us to base our calculation on a cherry-picked data set beginning in an outlier year. The oceans aren’t just warming, un-fortunately. The warming in the oceans is accelerating. Paul Durack, coauthor of the study, notes, ‘‘After 2000 in particular the rate of change is really starting to ramp up.’’ People who insist that the climate has not warmed in recent decades ig-nore a lot, but one thing they particu-larly ignore is the oceans, and we measure this stuff. The oceans don’t lie. Here is another good one from the junior Senator. The Senator from Texas informs us that ‘‘history with markedly more CO
2predated the Indus-trial Revolution, so it didn’t come from automobiles or the burning of carbon fuels.’’ What he omits is that this his-tory with markedly more CO
2occurred more than 800,000 years ago. This chart shows that here is where we are right now. Here is the record of carbon in the atmosphere going back 800,000 years. Where in that period was it more than now? Never. Eight hun-dred thousand years, hundreds of thou-sands of years before humans even began to walk the Earth. Greenhouse gases blanket our planet, absorbing the Sun’s energy and pre-venting heat from escaping back into space. Ice sheets melt, seas warm and rise, and so since the late 1880s, sea level has risen 3 feet along the shores of Galveston, TX. None of that matters to the junior Senator from Texas. In December he even convened a hearing protesting scientific consensus on climate change as ‘‘partisan dogma and ideology.’’ Tell that to NASA and the U.S. Navy. At the time, more than 190 countries were negotiating the groundbreaking international climate agreement in Paris. Well, Texans were on hand in Paris too. Austin mayor Steve Adler signed the Compact of Mayors, a ‘‘global coalition of mayors pledging to reduce local greenhouse gas emissions, enhance resilience to cli-mate change, and report trans-parently.’’ Katherine Romanak and Hilary Olson represented the Univer-sity of Texas’s Gulf Coast Carbon Cen-ter to share their expertise on carbon capture and storage. Professor Robert Bullard, dean of the School of Public Affairs at Houston’s Texas Southern University, organized a delegation from the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Climate Change Con-sortium, and Dr. Katharine Heyhoe, di-rector of the Climate Science Center at Texas Tech University, encouraged fel-low evangelicals to join her in faith-in-spired support for climate action. On that subject, let me read into the RECORD the 2015 statement of the Na-tional Association of Evangelicals: 
[T]he Earth belongs to God, not us. . . . Probably the most serious and urgent chal-lenge faced by the physical world now is the threat of climate change. . . . We encourage Christians worldwide to . . . exert legitimate means to persuade governments to put moral imperatives above political expediency on issues of environmental destruction and po-tential climate change. 
Well, as the President said last week, America ‘‘led nearly 200 nations to the most ambitious agreement in history to fight climate change.’’ The junior Senator from Texas would be President, yet he completely refuses to engage on climate change. He ig-nores Texas State universities, Texas scientists, Texas local officials, and the whole clean energy economy in Texas. He courts evangelicals. He associates himself with the evangelical move-ment, but he ignores the statement of their own national association. Now, some say his candidacy is a danger to our distinct American herit-age, the separation of church and state. But, really, it seems to me his problem is with the separation of oil and state. The fossil fuel industry is the last bastion of climate denial. It funds a vast apparatus of climate denial. It also funds a lot of politics. You do the math. It is time to wake up. I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.052 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES124 January 20, 2016 
[From the New York Times, November 8, 2015] E
NERGY & ENVIRONMENT  A T
EXAS UTILITY OFFERS A NIGHTTIME  S
PECIAL : FREEELECTRICITY  (By Clifford Krauss and Diane Cardwell) D
ALLAS .—In Texas, wind farms are gener-ating so much energy that some utilities are giving power away. Briana Lamb, an elementary school teach-er, waits until her watch strikes 9 p.m. to run her washing machine and dishwasher. It costs her nothing until 6 a.m. Kayleen Wil-lard, a cosmetologist, unplugs appliances when she goes to work in the morning. By 9 p.m., she has them plugged back in. And Sherri Burks, business manager of a local law firm, keeps a yellow sticker on her townhouse’s thermostat, a note to guests that says: ‘‘After 9 p.m. I don’t care what you do. You can party after 9.’’ The women are just three of the thousands of TXU Energy customers who are at the vanguard of a bold attempt by the utility to change how people consume energy. TXU’s free overnight plan, which is coupled with slightly higher daytime rates, is one of doz-ens that have been offered by more than 50 retail electricity companies in Texas over the last three years with a simple goal: for customers to turn down the dials when wholesale prices are highest and turn them back up when prices are lowest. It is possible because Texas has more wind power than any other state, accounting for roughly 10 percent of the state’s generation. Alone among the 48 contiguous states, Texas runs its own electricity grid that barely con-nects to the rest of the country, so the abun-dance of nightly wind power generated here must be consumed here. Wind blows most strongly at night and the power it produces is inexpensive because of its abundance and federal tax breaks. A shift of power use away from the peak daytime pe-riods means lower wholesale prices, and the possibility of avoiding the costly option of building more power plants. ‘‘That is a proverbial win-win for the util-ity and the customer,’’ said Omar Siddiqui, director of energy efficiency at the Electric Power Research Institute, a nonprofit indus-try group. For utilities, the giveaway is hardly altru-istic. Deregulation in Texas has spurred in-tense competition for customers. By encour-aging energy use at night, utilities reduce some of the burdens, and costs, that the oversupply of wind energy places on the power grid. Similar experiments are underway else-where. In Italy, customers of Enel, a leading util-ity, can receive incentives for keeping their electricity use below a predetermined level at times of highest demand. In Maryland, Baltimore Gas & Electric al-lows customers to earn rebate credits on their bills for every kilowatt-hour less that they use during certain high-demand times. The program is run by Opower, which man-ages similar programs for several utilities. And in Worcester, Mass., National Grid has installed a home energy management system from Ceiva Energy in about 11,000 homes, connecting a range of devices like smart plugs, high-tech thermostats and digital pic-ture frames that display the home’s energy use along with the photos. But no major market has gone as far as Texas, which is conducting a huge energy ex-periment made possible by the nearly uni-versal distribution in recent years of residen-tial smart meters that can receive and trans-mit data on electricity. ‘‘Texas is head and shoulders above every-body else with really unique packages for the consumer,’’ said Soner Kanlier, a retail en-ergy markets expert at DNV GL, a con-sulting firm based in Oslo, Norway. Texas is a unique power market, one that makes it better suited for innovation than most others. It is by far the largest deregu-lated electricity market in the country, spawning scores of retail power competitors hungry to make new customers and keep old ones. ‘‘You can be green and make green,’’ said Scott Burns, senior director for innovation at Reliant Energy, which has plans to offer incentives to increase night and weekend electricity use. Energy experts say smart meters have not yet reached their potential and have made little difference in total power use. In many cases, utilities have monopolies and fixed rates, and they do not want to see customers bled away by renewable energy sources, so they have little incentive to use the new data source in creative ways, experts say. Texas is trying to be the exception, though experts say it will still take more time to as-sess the impact. ‘‘The American consumer wants choice,’’ said Jim Burke, TXU’s chief executive. ‘‘Consumer choice, with its impacts and ben-efits, will drive the future of the power in-dustry.’’ But he quickly added a note of cau-tion: ‘‘I think the pace at which it evolves is the unknown.’’ Executives freely acknowledge that the range of residential electricity plans they offer is overwhelmingly a marketing tool. ‘‘We’re all trying to grow, and it’s a very competitive market,’’ said Manu Asthana, president of the residential division of Direct Energy, which offers various plans. Commercials on television and radio, bill-boards on highways, and aggressive social media campaigns promise joyful, or at least free, cooking, cooling and gadget-playing at certain hours. ‘‘Every morning, every evening, ain’t we got fun?’’ goes one TXU jingle, mimicking the jaunty song that became popular in the 1920s. When customers ask for information or complain on the phone or by Twitter post or Facebook comment, company agents go over their electricity needs and habits to find the right plan for them. Otherwise, power execu-tives say, the customer can easily be lost. ‘‘Time of use’’ plans are growing in popu-larity in Texas, according to figures com-piled by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or Ercot, the operator of the power grid and the manager of the deregulated market for 75 percent of the state. In June 2013, 135,320 households had en-rolled in ‘‘time of use’’ plans in the Ercot re-gion. That number climbed to 290,328—out of more than six million residences in Sep-tember 2014. And although nearly 63,000 resi-dences dropped out of the program over that time—in part because rates are typically higher under the plans at peak hours—Ercot officials believe that the number of house-holds enrolled continues to grow. Consumers estimated that the plans were saving them as much as $40 or $50 a month during the peak summer season. ‘‘We are still in the formative stages of this,’’ said Paul Wattles, an Ercot senior an-alyst for market design and development. ‘‘If we can reach critical mass—and 290,000 is al-ready a pretty good number—but if that number started to double or triple, you could start seeing a significant shifting of load, and that is the whole point.’’ Ms. Burks, the law firm business manager, is part of that shift—and she is not moti-vated by environmental concerns. ‘‘I never thought about it,’’ she said. In fact, she leaves lights on and even the tele-vision on when she leaves the room. ‘‘I’m really wasteful now,’’ she said. ‘‘The first thing I tell my guests is my electricity is free after 9.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Maryland. 
AMERICAN SAFE ACT  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time as a Senator from Maryland, as well as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, to talk about the bill we voted on ear-lier today—on the motion to proceed to the so-called SAFE Act dealing with Syrian refugees. I like to call it the fear act because I think it really is an act that is misguided. I will start by saying that the world looks to the United States, and when there are tough problems, they look to our leadership. They know this country is prepared to step forward and provide the international leadership to deal with the toughest problems we face as a global community. The bill I call the fear act would jeopardize America’s response to one of the greatest humanitarian crises of our time, it would jeopardize the U.S. lead-ership on humanitarian issues, and I think it would compromise U.S. secu-rity. Let me tell my colleagues why. We face the greatest crisis on refugees and displaced individuals since World War II. The number is about 60 million globally who are currently refugees or displaced. The largest numbers right now are coming out of Syria. Make no mistake about it—millions are coming out of Syria. They are escaping the Assad regime’s barrel bombs and gases and starvation policies. These are vic-tims. These are people who are losing their lives because of the barbaric re-gime of President Assad. Our values are that we respond to those issues, that we act in a responsible way, that we help the international community to help those people who are trying to escape the persecutions of oppressive regimes. The fear act would shut down the U.S. process of accepting Syrian refu-gees. Why do I say it would shut it down? Because it would require the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of National Intelligence—all three—to certify, on an individual basis, the ability of these individuals to meet our standards to come into the United States. That would require 100 certifications per day, 300 certifications total. What else would they be doing? I hope the Director of the FBI is working to keep our country safe and more than just dealing with the Syrian refugees. This would cut down and eliminate our ability to accept Syrian refugees. Let me cite some of the numbers. The United States has accepted 2,000 Syrian refugees. There are millions of Syrian refugees. The total number the President has talked about is 10,000—a small fraction of the total numbers who are being relocated under the Syr-ian refugee program. We look at the neighboring countries alone, what is being done in Jordan, what is being done in Lebanon, and look at what Eu-rope is accepting. We are taking a very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.031 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S125 January 20, 2016 
small burden here, and it is individuals who do not pose a threat. I will explain that. Every one of us will do every-thing we can to make sure that our homeland is safe. I am prepared to do everything reasonable to make sure we keep Americans as safe as we possibly can from the threat of extremists. So what do these Syrian refugees go through? By the way, there has not been a reported case of a Syrian ref-ugee in regards to terrorism. What do they go through? First, they are screened by the High Commissioner for Refugees of the United Nations. They screen the indi-viduals who are considered eligible to come to the United States. They go through that screening process. Then they are fingerprinted and go through a biometric check. They go through several layers of biographical and background screenings. They are indi-vidually interviewed by U.S. officials. It takes about 18 to 24 months. If you are a terrorist, you are not going to go through this. It is up to the potential individual who will come to the United States as a refugee to establish that they are a refugee. That means they must estab-lish that they have been a victim of the terrorist activities in order to be able to get to the United States. It is up to them to establish that burden. We don’t accept individuals who cannot es-tablish that burden. This is not the tar-get group that we should be concerned about. The real threat to our homeland se-curity—let’s take a look at others who come to this country. We already did this in the omnibus bill, but we know under the Visa Waiver Program there are individuals who hold passports of countries with which we have the Visa Waiver Program. That means they are countries that have relations with the United States, and we generally accept their visitors without a visa. Many of these countries have foreign fighters who have gone to the affected areas that could very well be involved in ter-rorist activities and then come back to the European country and come to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program. Well, we took some action against that in last year’s bill. That was good. We need to continue to scru-tinize that. What we saw happen in California was that we had a spouse who didn’t come under a Syrian waiver program or a Syrian refugee program, but who came under other visa programs. That needs to be scrutinized. For people who come to America, we need to know that they are not connected to a ter-rorist organization. But the greatest concern is the radicalization of Americans. We need to know why people do what they do. We need to have a better system to protect the homeland. Let’s focus on the real problem areas in our country. If this bill were to be passed, it would actually make us less safe. It would af-fect our national security. Let me tell you the reason why. First, it would clearly diminish U.S. leadership. When we go and seek international support, particularly for our coalition against ISIL, our failure to be willing to take any of the Syrian refugees will cer-tainly compromise America’s credi-bility and ability to lead internation-ally. It will be used by ISIL as propa-ganda. Make no mistake about that. They understand that. This is what they are saying about America. It is against our values. It makes us weaker as a nation. It is for those reasons that we found that national security professionals from both parties, including Henry Kis-singer, David Petraeus, Brent Scow-croft, and Michael Chertoff, all have come out in opposition on the grounds that it would undermine our security and benefit ISIL. These are profes-sionals. They understand the risk fac-tors. What we should be doing is every-thing we can to protect us from the threat of ISIL. That means let’s figure out ways we can share intelligence in-formation among all of our willing partners. Let’s provide the leadership, particularly in those countries in which ISIL can operate, so that the governments represent all the commu-nities, so that there is not a void where the Sunni minority population feels that their only safety is with ISIL. Let’s make sure we cut off all the fi-nancial support for ISIL, including their oil abilities and the transport of oil. This is what the Obama adminis-tration is doing. Let’s make sure we do cut off any opportunities to expand their capacity. Let’s deal with foreign fighters—peo-ple who come from Western countries who go to these areas and train. Let’s make sure that we know where they are, and when they try to come back into one of the Western countries, that they are apprehended and tried because of their affiliation with terrorists. Let’s help countries such as Jordan, Iraq, and Lebanon that are taking on the extreme burdens of the refugees so they can deal with their own crises that have been exaggerated because of the Syrian conflict and ISIL formation. In other words, let us work in a co-ordinated way to root out the main cause of the terrorist activities; that is, ISIL’s ability to attract supporters and to gain territory. Let’s take away that territory, coordinate our air-strikes, and work with the local forces on the ground. All of that should be done, and we need to work together on that. To concentrate on the few thousand Syrian refugees who have gone through this country’s strictest vetting process makes little sense and will not keep us safer, but, as I indicated before, will ac-tually compromise our national secu-rity. In closing, let me state what makes this Nation the great Nation that it is. I think each of us knows that we are living in a special country—a country that has stood up for freedom, a coun-try that has been looked upon as a bea-con of hope around the world. Many of our parents and grandparents came from other countries in order to settle in this country because of its oppor-tunity. I am a student of history, not just be-cause it is an effective, factual coun-terpart to the bluster of politicians and social media accounts. History can be a touchstone to remind us of who we are and a lens through which we can see who we are. Throughout our history, we have recognized that even in times of war we were fighting leaders of au-thoritarian regimes and not their vic-tims. From 1945 to 1952, we resettled 400,000 displaced persons from Nazi-con-trolled areas in Europe. In the fall of Saigon in 1997, the United States res-cued 883,000-plus refugees who fled Vietnam, a country with which we had been in a state of undeclared war that claimed 58,000 American lives. Between 1970 and 1991, we resettled 200,000 Jews from the Soviet Union, the very gov-ernment which posed the greatest secu-rity threat the United States has ever known. In addition, we have resettled hundreds of thousands of refugees from Cuba and other countries behind the Iron Curtain. This Republican bill we considered today dishonors our proud history of providing a safe haven. History can also be harsh and unsentimental. This bill risks repeating mistakes of the past when the United States tragically turned away Jewish refugees in World War II. After the photo of Aylan Kurdi, the 3- year-old who was washed up on the beach, was published in the news media, the American people opened their hearts to the Syrian people. The American people recognize the distinc-tion between those who are victims of terror and those who perpetrate it. We should not let knee-jerk reactions keep us from being the beacon of hope for Syrians and other refugees in the Mid-dle East, Africa, and around the world. We should do what we do best—our val-ues. We should never compromise home-land security. We need to do every-thing we can to keep Americans safe. We need to make sure we have the strictest vetting procedures for anyone who wants to come to this country as a refugee or a visitor. We could always do a better job, and we have to do more to understand why Americans have been converted to radicalization through the Internet and what has hap-pened on social media. Yes, we need to do a much more ef-fective job of keeping America safe and the homeland safe, but shutting down the Syrian refugee program would be a major mistake for our values of who we are as a nation and for our national se-curity. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.055 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES126 January 20, 2016 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to speak as in morning business for up to 7 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING PAUL KINSMAN  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate the life and legacy of Paul Kinsman. Paul was born in Watertown, SD, on September 7, 1958, and died in Pierre, SD, on January 10, 2016, at the young age of 57. Paul was a lifelong South Dakotan and a dedicated public servant to the citizens of our State. After earning his law degree, Paul began 28 years of public service to the people of South Dakota. We are a bet-ter State and a better people because of his hard work and his dedication. As an administrative law judge, the deputy commissioner of administra-tion, the director of property taxes and special taxes, the commissioner of ad-ministration, and the secretary of rev-enue, he inspired his coworkers with his intelligence, his humor, and his te-nacity for getting things done. During my 8 years working as Gov-ernor of South Dakota, Paul served as commissioner of the Bureau of Admin-istration and secretary of revenue. He was a burly, teddy bear of a man. No matter how hard the problem or how challenging the issue, whenever we met he had a gleam in his eyes and a smile on his face that told me without words that we were going to solve that prob-lem or meet that challenge. And we did because of him. As an administrative law judge and tax collector, he earned the respect and admiration of the public, even when his rulings and applications of law were not in their favor. He was straight-forward and fair, which South Dako-tans appreciate. As the head of the Bureau of Admin-istration, he led and championed many projects that increased the efficiency of State government to serve the peo-ple and preserve the heritage of South Dakota in the people’s house, our State capitol. But more important than all of his career accomplishments is the kind of person Paul Kinsman was. He was a loving husband, father, grandfather, and friend to all who knew him. He had a tremendously positive impact on the many thousands of people he met and touched with his kindness and gen-erosity. With this, I welcome the op-portunity to recognize and commemo-rate the life and legacy of this public servant and my friend, Paul Kinsman. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ENEMIES LIST REGULATION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, news outlets reported something today that should worry all of us. Appar-ently, President Obama is again—one more time—considering imposing his enemies list regulation by Executive order, just weeks after Congress voted overwhelmingly to pass, and the Presi-dent signed into law, legislation pro-hibiting him from doing that very thing. The enemies list regulation would in-ject partisan politics into the govern-ment contracting process by allowing an organization’s political leaning and donations to be considered. Here is the practical effect: Administrations of ei-ther party could draw friends lists and enemies lists and then award contracts based upon whether an organization backed the right horse in the last elec-tion. That is the kind of thing you would expect in some banana republic but not in the United States of America. So why would the President even attempt to impose such a bad idea? Let me remind my colleagues of something the President’s own Chief of Staff recently said. He implied that the central question President Obama will now ask himself before imposing a pol-icy is—listen to this—‘‘Why not?’’ ‘‘Why not?’’ Think about that—not whether it is good for the country, not whether it is constitutional, just ‘‘why not.’’ If future Republican Presidents lived by this ‘‘why not’’ standard, Democrats would be truly outraged. If future Re-publican Presidents ignored prohibi-tions passed by Democratic-controlled Congresses, Democrats would be out-raged. When the legislature passes a prohibition and the President signs that prohibition into law, it is the law. I hope every one of my colleagues, even those who support the idea of an enemies list, will join me in that senti-ment at least. If it is the law, it is the law. We are always mindful that the precedents set today could be wielded by a different President tomorrow. The intent of the prohibition Con-gress passed here is absolutely clear, regardless of creative arguments the administration might construct to jus-tify skirting the law. If President Obama’s standard these days is ‘‘why not,’’ then here are a few reasons why not. Here is the first: He can’t do it. That should really be the end of the discussion. For the sake of argument, here is an-other reason: It is a terrible policy. Just listen to what members of the President’s own party have said about it. One of our Democratic colleagues in the Senate said: Under the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the award of contract must be based on the evaluation of quality, price, past perform-ance, compliance with solicitation require-ments, technical excellence and other con-siderations related to the merits of an offer. The requirement that businesses disclose po-litical expenditures as part of the offer proc-ess creates the appearance that this type of information could become a factor in the award of Federal contracts. 
She explained: 
Requiring businesses to disclose their po-litical activity when making an offer risks injecting politics into the contracting proc-ess. The second-ranking Democratic in the House—not some back-bencher— said: 
The issue of contracting ought to be on the merits of the contractor’s application and bid and capabilities. . . . There are some se-rious questions as to what implications there are if somehow we consider political con-tributions in the context of awarding con-tracts. 
He said he was ‘‘not in agreement with the administration’’ on this issue. So, look, no one should have to worry about whether supporting a certain po-litical party or a candidate will deter-mine their ability to get a Federal con-tract or keep their job. I hope what we read in the papers is not accurate. The President’s enemies list proposal fails even the ‘‘why not’’ test on mul-tiple levels: No. 1, he can’t. No. 2, it is bad policy, as Democrats have reminded us. If you need another reason, here is a third: No. 3, Congress has rejected these types of policies already. There are plenty of reasons why the President should not attempt to im-pose this regulation, and the President should heed them. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
230TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE VIR-GINIA STATUTE FOR RELIGIOUS FREEDOM Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, in 1992, the House and Senate joined to-gether to pass a resolution designating January 16 as Religious Freedom Day to celebrate one of the most powerful and unique freedoms within our Na-tion’s founding and fabric. This day is significant because it marks the pas-sage of the 1786 Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom originally authored by Thomas Jefferson. 2016 marks the 230th anniversary of the passage of this statute that, as Congress recognized, ‘‘inspired and shaped the guarantees of religious free-dom in the First Amendment.’’ It reads in part: ‘‘. . . no man shall be com-pelled to frequent or support any reli-gious worship, place, or ministry what-soever, nor shall be enforced . . . in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suf-fer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to main-tain, their opinion in matters of reli-gion, and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities.’’ The Founders understood that there is a direct connection between the prosperity and health of a nation and its respect for human rights and reli-gious freedom. Individual faith grows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.056 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S127 January 20, 2016 
when people live free of government co-ercion and control. In America, indi-viduals can practice any faith or no faith. This is true religious freedom— having the freedom to practice a faith or to have no faith at all and to have that choice not only be respected, but protected. Respecting and protecting this funda-mental human right means that we cannot diminish it. The constitutional guarantee of the free exercise of reli-gion means that people have a right to live their faith in public. Saying some-one has the right to worship freely at the place of their choosing is not the same thing. Additionally, while one faith group should not be favored over another, so too should we not err on the side of removing faith from the public sphere and opting for no religion at all. Thomas Jefferson left explicit in-structions that his authorship of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom be included on his gravestone as one of only three things for which he wanted ‘‘most to be remembered.’’ As we celebrate the 230th anniversary of the passage of this statute, what will we be most remembered for? I hope that we can be remembered for not only honoring this legacy of Thomas Jefferson, but for upholding a right that is fundamental to the core of this nation and to human dignity—religious freedom. 
f 
REMEMBERING OFFICER RICARDO GALVEZ Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the life of Downey police officer Ricardo Galvez, a devoted son and brother who was tragically killed in the line of duty on November 19, 2015. Officer Galvez was born on April 2, 1986, and grew up in Whittier, CA. In 2006, he joined the Downey Police De-partment as a police aide and 2 years later decided to serve his country by joining the U.S. Marine Corps as a Re-servist. After bravely serving in Iraq, Officer Galvez returned to Downey and became a police officer in 2010. He de-ployed again in December 2012 to Af-ghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom. Those who knew Officer Galvez fond-ly remember him as a caring man with an infectious smile, a person of great humility and kindness, and a trusted colleague and friend who was com-mitted to his family and career. The U.S. Marine Corps’ motto, Sem-per Fidelis, is Latin for ‘‘always faith-ful’’ and truly embodied Officer Ri-cardo Galvez. He dedicated his entire adult life to public service, unwavering in his commitment to defend Ameri-cans abroad and safeguard his commu-nity at home. His devoted and coura-geous service earned the respect and af-fection of the colleagues he worked alongside, the community he served, and the family and friends he loved. He will be deeply missed. On behalf of the people of California, for whom he served so bravely, I extend my gratitude and deepest sympathies to Ricardo’s mother, Margarita; broth-er, Pedro; sisters, Nancy and Sandra; and his entire extended family. f 
TRIBUTE TO DIANNE BEECHER Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to commend Dianne Beecher who has honorably served the people of Pennsylvania for over 28 years, most recently as senior constituent advocate for my Senate office. Dianne has been a trusted member of my staff and a loyal friend over the 11 years we have worked together. Before her years in public service, Dianne had already proven herself to be a kind of ‘‘Renaissance woman.’’ She dabbled in entrepreneurship, worked as an entertainment promoter, and spent a period of time as a race car driver. While creating this unique re-sume, Dianne’s most important and dearest role was that of a devoted mother to five children—Sharryl, Aileen, Jodi, Bradley, and Brandee. Carrying her compassion for people into her professional life, Dianne found her niche in the pursuit of helping oth-ers. She began her career in public service with the Democratic State Committee for Pennsylvania as its po-litical director, eventually joining the Pennsylvania chapter of the AFL–CIO, serving as its political education coor-dinator. Dianne originally joined my staff in the auditor general’s office in 2004; when I became State treasurer, she moved with me. In that office, she as-sisted in creating one of the first con-stituent services operations within the treasury department. When I was later elected to the U.S. Senate, Dianne con-tinued her dedication to the people of Pennsylvania as the senior constituent advocate on my constituent services team. Early in my first term as a U.S. Sen-ator, Dianne became a vital component in the establishment of my office’s con-stituent services operation. Through her role as senior constituent advocate, Dianne has literally saved the lives of countless Pennsylvanians. Over the years, she managed hundreds of cases, specializing in Social Security and Medicare, while maintaining a genuine and unfailing commitment to each con-stituent she encountered. Dianne has saved the health insurance coverage for individuals suffering from serious ill-nesses, allowing them to continue care and maintain their medications. She is responsible for the financial stability of countless people unable to work due to their medical conditions. In one instance, Dianne’s work was rec-ognized by National Public Radio when she saved a family in the midst of the 2008 housing crisis by helping them fi-nally receive retroactive benefits due from Social Security. Most constituent services work goes unacknowledged by the press; however, Dianne’s commit-ment and compassion remains the same for every case in her portfolio. She works meticulously and regularly goes beyond the call of duty to provide the resources and support needed for the people of the Commonwealth. Throughout her career, Dianne has served the people of Pennsylvania with distinction and diligence. Her compas-sion and commitment to helping others left a lasting impression not only with-in my office, but in the lives she touched through her good work. I wish her well in her retirement and hope she will have the opportunity to enjoy more time with her children, 10 grand-children, and two great-grandchildren. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING CARL SHARIF ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the life and legacy of New Jerseyan and proud Newarker Carl Sharif, who passed away on September 30 at the age of 72. Carl was a dear friend and mentor to me at the dawn of my career in public service. He will be greatly missed by the city of Newark and by all who knew him. A son of Newark, Carl began his ca-reer as an aide to Mayor Hugh Addonizio in the 1960s, and he remained a dedicated public servant for the rest of his life. During times of great tu-mult and change, Carl was a steady presence in Newark, working from within its government to strengthen the city’s spirit and foundation. In 1970, Carl helped to lead the campaign to elect Kenneth Gibson, the first Black mayor of Newark. He served as an aide to Mayor Gibson and as a member of Newark’s school board, quickly becom-ing its president. Carl was incredibly generous with his time and with his tremendous political and institutional knowledge. He served as one of my earliest mentors in profes-sional politics, and he led me through my first campaign for city council and my second campaign for mayor. It was Carl who insisted that the key to sig-nificant and lasting change in our city was through walking every street, knocking on every door, and talking with every Newarker. Carl reminded all of us that we were never to forget the people we were elected to serve, and I will be forever grateful for his wisdom, support, and advice through the years. I cherish all that he taught me, and I will do everything I can to honor his legacy through my work and life. Carl was committed to ensuring the best for Newark and all of its people. He devoted himself wholly to our city and its people, and they loved him in return. For his family, friends, our city, and our State, Carl leaves a leg-acy of public service and unwavering faith in the goodness of our commu-nity. As we reflect on this inheritance, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Carl Sharif’s love for and service to his city and its people and in remembering his extraordinary life. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.007 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES128 January 20, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO BLAKE WOMBOLD ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I would like to honor Blake Wombold of Heart Butte, a staff sergeant in the U.S. Army Reserves, for his generous con-tribution of new shoes for the Heart Butte High School Boys basketball team. Blake was born in Browning, MT, and is an alumnus of Heart Butte High School, where there were only 19 stu-dents in his graduating class. He played basketball throughout his high school career and truly feels basketball is ‘‘king’’ in Indian Country. Blake went on to graduate from Salish Kootenai College with a general science degree. He has been with the Army Reserves for 7 years, is a staff sergeant, E–6, as well as a combat trainer/biomedical equipment techni-cian. This year marks the second year that Blake has donated new shoes to Heart Butte’s basketball team. Growing up, Blake witnessed the sacrifices his mother, a teacher at Heart Butte School, made to provide for him, and he wanted to be able to give back to the community that supported him. Staff Sergeant Wombold is currently preparing to deploy overseas. His self-less heart is a true example of what it means to be a Montanan. On behalf of all Montanans, I am proud of his serv-ice to our community, State, and Na-tion.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ARCHBISHOP FRANCIS T. HURLEY ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, this week Alaska’s faith communities are mourning the loss of Archbishop Emeritus Francis T. Hurley who passed on January 10, 2 days shy of his 89th birthday. Archbishop Hurley will be buried this weekend. Archbishop Hurley was ordained a priest of the San Francisco Arch-diocese in 1951. He came to Alaska in 1970 as the auxiliary bishop of Juneau and was elevated to archbishop of the Archdiocese of Anchorage in 1976. He served a quarter century in that role until 2001. Archbishop Hurley remained active in the life of Alaska’s Catholics until his death. He had a remarkable career that stretched 45 years. Many come to Alaska from other places and leave a few years later be-cause they failed to take Alaska on its terms. If there is one thing to be said about Archbishop Hurley it is that he understood what it took to be success-ful in our remote environment. He not only understood what it took to suc-ceed in Alaska. He fully embraced it. He thrived on it. No roads connect the island commu-nities for which the auxiliary bishop of Juneau was responsible. Bishop Hurley might have stayed in Juneau and wait-ed for his 4,000 parishioners to come to him. Instead he chose the road Alas-kans would take. He learned to fly so that he could bring the church to the people, and he piloted the diocesan plane for more than 5,000 hours over the course of his career. During his relatively brief tenure in Juneau, Archbishop Hurley created Trays on Sleighs, an Alaska centric in-terpretation of the senior feeding pro-gram known as Meals on Wheels. He is responsible for three of the most important social service facilities in Anchorage; Covenant House, which serves homeless youth; the Brother Francis Shelter, which serves homeless men; and Clare House, an emergency shelter for women with children and expectant mothers. All of these facilities exist today be-cause Archbishop Hurley took the ini-tiative to get them built. Near and dear to the archbishop’s heart was the ‘‘Joy Community,’’ which helped Catholics with developmental disabil-ities prepare to receive the sacraments. And these are just a few of many leg-acies he has left around the State. He also founded two Catholic newspapers: the Inside Passage in Juneau and the Catholic Anchor in Anchorage. You might say that this is all part of a day’s work for a Catholic bishop. But understand that Alaska is a very young State and lacks the infrastructure of more established provinces. What Archbishop Hurley did is identify the gaps in the social safety net and move forward with a single-minded deter-mination to fill them. Archbishop Hurley’s contributions were international in scope. In Decem-ber 1990, he traveled with Father Mi-chael Shields to Magadan—a city in the Russian far east. In a theater, they offered Christmas mass—the first pub-lic mass in the city’s history. Three hundred people attended. In the following 3 weeks, signatures were gathered to register a new church, and on January 4, 1991, the Church of the Nativity of Jesus was founded. Across the years, Archbishop Hurley traveled there nine times and, on Janu-ary 14, 2001, celebrated the parish’s 10th anniversary. As you can see, Archbishop Hurley’s contributions were quite substantial. Yet he was much more than what he did. Archbishop Hurley was beloved for whom he was. He was a charming man with a tremendous sense of humor and a knack for remembering names. He was an engaging conversationalist. At times, it seemed like he was every-where; at baptisms, at funerals, en-gaged in the political life of the com-munity, tending to the needs of the homeless and the troubled. From the moment he came to Alaska, Arch-bishop Hurley was a man in motion, and even in retirement, he never slowed down. Archbishop Hurley, respected by peo-ple of all faiths, was truly a central fig-ure in the spiritual lives of Alaskans for nearly a half century. Every time I pass one of the churches that were built on his watch or the social serv-ices facilities he inspired, I will smile and reflect on how blessed I was to know him.∑ CONGRATULATING VERMONT ESSAY WINNERS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, since 2010 I have sponsored a State of the Union essay contest for Vermont stu-dents. The contest, now in its sixth year, is an opportunity for Vermont’s high school students to articulate what issues they would prioritize if they were President of the United States. A panel of Vermont teachers reviewed all of the essays submitted and selected the top 20. I am proud to say that near-ly 800 students wrote essays for this year’s State of the Union contest. I would like to congratulate each and every finalist and to specifically ac-knowledge Meredith Holbrook as this year’s winner of the contest. I would also like to recognize Vivian Huang for placing second and Ryan Racicot for placing third. I ask to have printed in the RECORD copies of the winning es-says. The material follows: 
MEREDITH HOLBROOK , MILTON HIGHSCHOOL  (W
INNER ) My fellow Americans, today the United States has the strongest military in the world. Our nation has the number one econ-omy. We have the longest running demo-cratic government in history. If we want to be considered the greatest in the world, the home of the free, the land of opportunity, then we must face the challenges before us. In 2014, 48.1 million Americans lived in food insecure homes, of this, 15.3 million were children. This equates to 14 percent of house-holds being food insecure. How can the wealthiest nation in the world be unable to feed its hungry? We have the full capability of providing for those in need. We should not allow politics to stop us from caring for our citizens in need. It is impossible to expect the people of this country to be functioning members of society without adequate nour-ishment. The solution to this problem is sim-ple: feed America’s hungry. I believe that if we were to create a cabinet level agency dedicated specifically to food-insecurity, we would be bettering the common good of America. Devoting ten billion dollars from the federal budget would make a tremendous improvement in the number of food-insecure homes. It may be a bold move to make, but our nation cannot move forward until our people are no longer hungry. Alongside hunger is homelessness. On one given night in America, about 560,000 citizens are homeless, and about 200,000 of those peo-ple are in families. It should be the basic right of our people to have shelter and secu-rity. The wound of homelessness cannot be solved with night time shelters. Homeless people must be provided with long-term shel-ters if they are ever to be productive mem-bers of society. In order to solve this issue, we must invest in job counseling. Many homeless citizens are homeless due to the in-ability to acquire a job. If people had the chance to have a clean interview outfit, as well as proper interview instruction, there would not be as many people sleeping on the streets. In order to make this happen, we must have more people trained in the exper-tise of job counseling, and more programs helping to aid homeless citizens. Again, this would mean funding such programs. A small cost to pay to get Americans off the streets. How a nation treats its elderly says a lot about its character. We will not be a nation that ignores the needs of its senior citizens. Today, many seniors cannot comfortably re-tire. They are often forced to choose between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.018 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S129 January 20, 2016 
paying for food or, paying for medication. They will go without heat because they can-not afford to buy fuel. The source of this issue is Social Security. Although this re-tirement system has benefited many Ameri-cans, it needs to be changed. Social Security often does not change with inflation, or does not change enough to account for increased prices. While prices are rising, Social Secu-rity is not keeping up. This leaves seniors to make difficult choices regarding spending. Every year, Social Security should be as-sessed, and changed accordingly to inflation. To pay for this, we would need to raise the Social Security tax percentage to seven per-cent. This would allow America to ade-quately pay for the needs of our elderly. This nation is nowhere near perfect. We have many issues we must address, domestic and foreign. We cannot expect to properly address issues overseas, until we fix the home we live in. We must fix America from within. Once we do this, we will truly be able to call ourselves the greatest nation in the world. V
IVIAN HUANG , SOUTH BURLINGTON HIGH S
CHOOL (SECOND PLACE ) The year of 2015 has been historic for the United States of America. We have signed a landmark agreement on climate change, en-acted marriage equality, and become eco-nomically sound—marking greater economic growth rates than predicted and reaching a five percent unemployment rate. Still, we enter the year of 2016 with two pressing issues remaining on the global and the na-tional scale: terrorism and healthcare. As we tackle these issues, we must remind our-selves that the United States of America is truly one nation, indivisible, with each cit-izen carrying responsibilities to support our nation’s values, as well as one another. First, following recent acts of terror around the world, it is top-priority for the United States to defeat the threat of ISIS. Enough is enough. Rest assured that rather than sending our troops to combat zones in Iraq and Syria, we will take an active role in helping our European allies lead the battle. America must provide rigorous train-and-as-sist programs for Kurdish forces, exert a tight grip on ISIS-controlled territory, cut off supply lines, and implore the Gulf States to combat terrorism. Furthermore, previous experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan have re-vealed that merely destroying one source of terrorism will not suffice. To ultimately render counterterrorism and military action unnecessary in Iraq and Syria, we plan on developing political, economic, and edu-cational reforms that will effectively re-spond to complex sectarian and ethnic divi-sions in the region. Let’s make it clear that the United States is not declaring a war against religion, but rather against the violence of extremism. As human beings, it is our responsibility to help the innocent Syrian families fleeing ISIS and Assad’s brutal regime. Now is not the time to turn our backs, but to provide hu-manitarian aid and shelter, even though it requires extreme vigilance. Additionally, every American must confront the problem of bigotry, which only becomes exploited by ISIS for its own recruitment. We all have the duty to stand up against discriminatory rhetoric and hostile actions. We all have the duty to uphold the country’s values by sup-porting each other—our friends, neighbors, co-workers, and fellow community mem-bers—with tolerance and respect. Second, an important issue on the domes-tic front continues to be healthcare. Phys-ical and mental wellness is a fundamental need for the American people. Over the past year, the Affordable Care Act has improved access to this basic human right for the un-insured. However, there is more to accom-plish in 2016. Until completely comprehen-sive universal healthcare—namely, a single- payer system—is set into place, Medicaid must be expanded in 20 remaining states and community health clinics must be placed in underserved locations. The Department of Health and Human Services must address the chief drivers of healthcare costs; hospital expenditures, phy-sician and clinical services, and sky-rocketing drug prices escalate the national health spending. To target this broad prob-lem, a single-payer healthcare system will minimize unnecessary spending by requiring hospitals to operate on government-approved standardized billing procedures. Hence, hos-pitals and pharmaceutical companies will not be able to overcharge patients and run extortionate monopolies on essential medi-cations. Indeed, American citizens’ rugged bravery, wise judgment, and drive for excellence have made this country great. But we can always progress forward, as long we stand united. Therefore, we will tackle the urgent issues of terrorism and healthcare not only with con-fidence, but also with the ambition to re-main one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. R
YANRACICOT , MILTON HIGHSCHOOL (THIRD P
LACE ) The most pressing and immediate danger of today’s society is the rapidly changing cli-mate. The scientific community agrees vir-tually unanimously, that climate change is a very real and imminent concern. Continu-ation down the current path at this pace will eventually result in the ultimate demise of the human race. This issue is not the United States’ to tackle alone. In order to fully reverse the ef-fects of climate change, it will take a world-wide collaborative effort unlike anything the world has ever faced before. The United States’ role going forward is to set an exam-ple for other first world countries. The United Nations’ conference this year in Paris was a step in the right direction. But the United States needs to agree to a binding commitment to reduce emissions. Without a whole-hearted promise to abide to these re-ductions, the United States will not be taken seriously on this issue. The United States government cannot ex-pect corporations to make eco-friendly movements unprovoked, it is simply not worth the financial burden. The federal gov-ernment needs to incentivize eco-friendly waste management for businesses, by mak-ing eco-friendly business more profitable than environmentally irresponsible business. As it stands now, no company has motiva-tion to protect the environment. Doing so only hurts production and makes them less competitive. To reverse this trend, the fed-eral government needs to enforce pre-exist-ing environmental laws and spend more on environmental saving measures. To convert all factories to updated stand-ards for emissions, a large amount of money will be needed initially, but over time, a sys-tem in which clean energy is valued more than profit will result in a much more sus-tainable economy. Companies who destroy the environment and experience greater profit as a result will be forced to pay for their own pollution management systems. Greatly increasing taxes on environmentally irresponsible corporations will make clean energy more fiscally appealing than pol-luting means of energy. This is not stealing money from the American people or a redis-tribution of wealth. This is using money made by multi-billion dollar companies at the expense of the environment to help fix the problem they themselves helped to cre-ate. Also, by taking the charge on creating environmentally friendly products and ma-chinery, the potential for the United States to make a profit is huge. By incentivizing other countries to go eco-friendly, and sell-ing the materials and means to do so creates jobs and income, which boosts the U.S. econ-omy, all without destroying the environ-ment. Unlike many other issues troubling the state of Vermont, the nation, and the world, climate change affects every single person. Regardless of race, gender, sexuality, socio-economic status, religion, education or polit-ical affiliation, climate change affects all, especially the most disadvantaged. Because of this, it is everyone’s personal responsi-bility to do their part in saving the planet. One cannot stand idle and expect other peo-ple do all of the dirty work. Helping to save the earth is not about how you can benefit, it is about how you can help the greater cause. We can no longer allow large corpora-tions to prioritize making a profit over re-sponsible waste management. The short- term profits for the rich are vastly out-weighed by the long-term environmental consequences felt by all.∑ f TRIBUTE TO TERESA THOMPSON ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Teresa Thompson, an intern in my Rapid City, SD, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota over the past few months. Teresa is a graduate of Sturgis High School in Sturgis, SD. Currently, she is attending Black Hills State University where she is majoring in history. She is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of her experi-ence while also raising her two chil-dren, Ben and Rachel. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Teresa Thompson for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT OF THE VETO OF S.J. RES. 22, PROVIDING FOR CON-GRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS AND THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY RELATING TO THE DEF-INITION OF ‘‘WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES’’ UNDER THE FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT, RECEIVED ON JANUARY 19, 2016—PM 37 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk: To the Senate of the United States: I am returning herewith without my approval S.J. Res. 22, a resolution that would nullify a rule issued by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.027 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES130 January 20, 2016 
Department of the Army to clarify the jurisdictional boundaries of the Clean Water Act. The rule, which is a product of extensive public involvement and years of work, is critical to our efforts to protect the Nation’s waters and keep them clean; is responsive to calls for rulemaking from the Congress, in-dustry, and community stakeholders; and is consistent with decisions of the United States Supreme Court. We must protect the waters that are vital for the health of our communities and the success of our businesses, agri-culture, and energy development. As I have noted before, too many of our waters have been left vulnerable. Pol-lution from upstream sources ends up in the rivers, lakes, reservoirs, and coastal waters near which most Ameri-cans live and on which they depend for their drinking water, recreation, and economic development. Clarifying the scope of the Clean Water Act helps to protect these resources and safeguard public health. Because this resolution seeks to block the progress represented by this rule and deny businesses and communities the regulatory certainty and clarity needed to invest in projects that rely on clean water, I cannot sup-port it. I am therefore vetoing this res-olution. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , January 19, 2016. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following joint resolution was read the first time: 
S.J. Res. 29. Joint resolution to authorize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its associated forces. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4129. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commu-nity Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants’’ (RIN0575–AD02) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 15, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4130. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting proposed legislation en-titled ‘‘Military Justice Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4131. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Energy, Installations, and Envi-ronment), Department of Defense, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 15, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4132. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Transferred OTS Regulations Re-garding Management Official Interlocks and Amendments to FDIC’s Rules and Regula-tions’’ (RIN3064–AE20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4133. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Members of Fed-eral Home Loan Banks’’ (RIN2590–AA39) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4134. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 14, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4135. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 14, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4136. A communication from the Regu-latory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation and Disbursement of Royalties, Rentals, and Bonuses—Oil and Gas, Offshore’’ (RIN1012–AA11) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4137. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Refrigerated Bottled or Canned Beverage Vending Machines’’ ((RIN1904–AD00) (Docket No. EERE–2013–BT– STD–0022)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4138. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Insular Affairs, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, reports entitled ‘‘Report to the Con-gress: 2015 Compact Impact Analysis’’ and ‘‘Impact of the Compacts of Free Association on Guam FY (Fiscal Year) 2004 through FY 2014’’; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–4139. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Charleston Harbor Post-45 project in Charleston, South Carolina; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4140. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Leon Creek Watershed, San An-tonio, Texas; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4141. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Modoc Sucker from the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–AY78) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 14, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4142. A communication from the Chief of the Foreign Species Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing Two Lion Sub-species’’ (RIN1018–BA29) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 14, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4143. A communication from the Biolo-gist, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of Frankenia johnstonii (John-ston’s frankenia) From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Plants’’ (RIN1018–AH53) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 14, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4144. A communication from the Chief of the Aquatic Invasive Species Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Injurious Wildlife Species; Listing Salamanders Due to Risk of Salamander Chytrid Fungus’’ (RIN1018–BA77) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 14, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4145. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Proce-dure: Update of CC: International No-Rule Revenue Procedure 2015–7’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016– 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4146. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2016–5’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4147. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2016–3’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4148. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to the Employee Plans Determination Letter Pro-gram Regarding Cycle A Elections, Deter-mination Letter Expiration Dates, and Ex-tension of Deadlines for Certain Definied Contribution Pre-Approved Plans’’ (Notice 2016–03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.014 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S131 January 20, 2016 
EC–4149. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 Retroactive In-crease in Excludable Transit Benefits’’ (No-tice 2016–6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4150. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Import Restric-tions Imposed on Archaeological Material Originating in Italy and Representing the Pre-Classical, Classical, and Imperial Roman Periods’’ (RIN1515–AE07) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4151. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement’’ (RIN1515–AD59) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 15, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4152. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0001—2016–0011); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4153. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Status Re-port on Implementation of District of Co-lumbia Auditor Recommendations’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4154. A communication from the Chair of the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Pan-el’s annual report for 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4155. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE344) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4156. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sculpins in the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XE337) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4157. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE347) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4158. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of National Marine Sanc-tuaries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Boundary Expansion of Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary; Correction and Expansion of Fagatele Bay National Marine Sanctuary, Regulatory Changes, and Sanctuary Name Change; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BF13) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4159. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fisheries; 2016–2018 Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Speci-fications’’ (RIN0648–XE171) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4160. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlan-tic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2016 Red Snapper Commercial Quota Reten-tion’’ (RIN0648–BE91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4161. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Car-ibbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Greater Amberjack Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BF21) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4162. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Smoothsound Shark Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BB02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4163. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and At-lantic Region; Framework Amendment 3’’ (RIN0648–BF14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce , Science, and Transportation. EC–4164. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery Management Plan; Trawl Rationalization Program; Midwater Trawl Requirements’’ (RIN0648–BE29) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4165. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Seabird Avoid-ance Measures’’ (RIN0648–BD92) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4166. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Pe-lagic Fisheries; 2015 U.S. Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands’’ (RIN0648–XD998) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4167. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Smoothhound Shark and Atlantic Shark Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BB02) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4168. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE327) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4169. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE321) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 12, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4170. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE354) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4171. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; 2015–2016 Accountability Measure and Closure for Commercial King Mackerel in the Florida West Coast Northern Subzone; Correction’’ (RIN0648–XE326) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4172. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Other Hook-and-Line Fishery by Catcher Vessels in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE358) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.005 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES132 January 20, 2016 
EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. D UR-
BIN, and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 2449. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to remove limitations on the ability of certain dual citizens from participating in the Visa Waiver Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 2450. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to address administrative leave for Federal employees, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2451. A bill to designate the area be-tween the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2452. A bill to prohibit the use of funds to make payments to Iran relating to the settlement of claims brought before the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal until Iran has paid certain compensatory damages awarded to United States persons by United States courts; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PAUL: S. 2453. A bill to consolidate duplicative and overlapping Federal programs and re-duce spending; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): S. 2454. A bill to limit the period of author-ization of new budget authority provided in appropriation Acts, to require analysis, ap-praisal, and evaluation of existing programs for which continued new budget authority is proposed to be authorized by committees of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2455. A bill to expand school choice in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 2456. A bill to simplify and improve the Federal student loan program through in-come-contingent repayment to provide stronger protections for borrowers, encour-age responsible borrowing, and save money for taxpayers; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. THUNE , and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 2457. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 2458. A bill to amend section 217(a)(12) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, relat-ing to the restriction of the use of the Visa Waiver Program for aliens who travel to cer-tain countries; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OATS , Mr. H ATCH , and Mrs. E
RNST ): S.J. Res. 29. A joint resolution to authorize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its associated forces; read the first time. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. R
ISCH): S. Res. 346. A resolution expressing opposi-tion to the European Commission interpre-tive notice regarding labeling Israeli prod-ucts and goods manufactured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions under-mine the Israeli-Palestinian peace process; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W AR-
NER, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C OONS ): S. Res. 347. A resolution honoring the memory and legacy of Anita Ashok Datar and condemning the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Con. Res. 28. A concurrent resolution to establish the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies for the inaugura-tion of the President-elect and Vice Presi-dent-elect of the United States on January 20, 2017; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Con. Res. 29. A concurrent resolution to authorize the use of the rotunda and Eman-cipation Hall of the Capitol by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Cere-monies in connection with the proceedings and ceremonies conducted for the inaugura-tion of the President-elect and the Vice President-elect of the United States; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 383 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 383, a bill to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other purposes. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for 12-month continuous en-rollment under Medicaid and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 551, a bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives li-censes to known or suspected dan-gerous terrorists. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 720, a bill to promote en-ergy savings in residential buildings and industry, and for other purposes. 
S. 859 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 859, a bill to protect the public, communities across America, and the environment by increasing the safety of crude oil transportation by railroad, and for other purposes. 
S. 1061 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1061, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1473 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1473, a bill to authorize the ap-propriation of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting research on firearms safety or gun violence preven-tion. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a re-view of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health dis-orders alleged to affect terms of dis-charge. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1766, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the discharge char-acterization of former members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.010 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S133 January 20, 2016 
Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes. 
S. 1885 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1885, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of assistance and benefits to veterans who are homeless, at risk of becoming homeless, or occupying tem-porary housing, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade se-crets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1911, a bill to imple-ment policies to end preventable ma-ternal, newborn, and child deaths glob-ally. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2144, a bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2185, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2236, a bill to provide that silencers be treated the same as long guns. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2271, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and investments in renew-able chemical production facilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2292 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2292, a bill to reform laws relating to small public housing agen-cies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2311, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Adminis-trator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression. S. 2322 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2322, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide that over-the-road bus drivers are covered under the maximum hours requirements. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to de-velop a strategy to obtain observer sta-tus for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes. 
S. 2429 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2429, a bill to require a report on the military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program and to prohibit the provision of sanctions relief to Iran until Iran has verifiably ended all mili-tary dimensions of its nuclear pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 2434 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2434, a bill to provide that any execu-tive action that infringes on the pow-ers and duties of Congress under sec-tion 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States has no force or effect, and to prohibit the use of funds for cer-tain purposes. 
S. 2438 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2438, a bill to amend titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act to establish a comprehensive and na-tionwide system to evaluate the qual-ity of care provided to beneficiaries of Medicaid and the Children’s Health In-surance Program and to provide incen-tives for voluntary quality improve-ment. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OATS , Mr. H
ATCH , and Mrs. E RNST ): S.J. Res. 29. A joint resolution to au-thorize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and its associated forces; read the first time. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the joint resolution be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the joint resolution was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 29 Whereas the terrorist organization referred to as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and various other names (referred to in this joint resolution as ‘‘ISIL’’) has been sys-tematically targeting, kidnapping, and kill-ing innocent men, women, and children throughout Iraq and Syria, continues to ex-pand its terror influence, and is responsible for recent attacks in Egypt, Lebanon, Tuni-sia, and France; Whereas foreign fighters, undeterred by the more than 60-nation coalition operating against ISIL, continue to join the ranks of ISIL with the goal of establishing a caliph-ate; Whereas, on June 19, 2014, President Barack Obama stated that ‘‘ISIL poses a threat to the Iraqi people, to the region, and to U.S. interests’’; Whereas, on August 19, 2014, ISIL released a video of the beheading of an American journalist, James Foley, and threatened to kill more Americans; Whereas, on September 2, 2014, ISIL re-leased a second video, of the beheading of an Israeli-American journalist, Steven Sotloff, and again threatened to kill more; Whereas a Central Intelligence Agency as-sessment in September 2014 estimated that ISIL can muster as many as 31,500 fighters in Syria and Iraq alone; Whereas, on November 16, 2014, ISIL re-leased yet another video of militant ‘‘Jihadi John’’ standing over the severed head of former Army Ranger Peter Kassig; Whereas Master Sergeant Joshua Wheeler, a member of a United States Special Forces operations team, was killed during a daring raid on an ISIL stronghold in Iraq to rescue 70 prisoners who were slated to be executed; Whereas American hostage Kayla Mueller, a 26-year-old female, was kidnapped and re-peatedly raped for almost 18 months by the leader of ISIL, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi; Whereas, on November 13, 2015, ISIL car-ried out a coordinated attack on Paris, France, killing more than 129 people from at least 14 different countries, including Amer-ican student Nohemi Gonzalez; Whereas, on November 16, 2015, Central In-telligence Agency Director Brennan warned, following ISIL’s horrific terrorist in Paris, that the attack was likely ‘‘not the only op-eration that ISIL has in the pipeline’’; Whereas, on August 18, 2014, Pope Francis said that the international community would be justified in stopping ISIL; Whereas, on August 21, 2014, former Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Dempsey stated that ISIL ‘‘has an apoca-lyptic, end-of-days strategic vision and which will eventually have to be defeated’’; Whereas, on September 16, 2014, former Secretary of Defense Hagel testified before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that ‘‘if left unchecked, ISIL will di-rectly threaten our homeland and our al-lies’’; Whereas, on September 17, 2014, during a hearing of the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate, Secretary of State Kerry stated that ‘‘ISIL must be defeated. Period. End of story.’’; Whereas, on March 13, 2015, Central Intel-ligence Agency Director Brennan stated, ‘‘ISIL is well-armed and well-financed. Its fighters are disciplined, committed, and bat-tle-hardened. Left unchecked, the group 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.012 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES134 January 20, 2016 
would pose a serious danger not only to Syria and Iraq, but to the wider region be-yond, including the threat of attacks in the homelands of the United States and our part-ners.’’; Whereas, on July 23, 2015, Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Comey stated that ‘‘[t]he threat that ISIL presents to the United States is very different in kind, in type, in degree than al Qaeda. ISIL is not your parent’s al Qaeda, it’s a very different model. And by virtue of that model, it’s cur-rently the threat that we are worried about in the homeland most of all’’; Whereas, on November 16, 2015, following the attacks on Paris, France, ISIL released a video threatening to ‘‘strike America at its center in Washington’’; Whereas, on November 17, 2015, former Sec-retary of Defense Panetta warned that coun-tering the threat posed by ISIL ‘‘isn’t about containment. It is about defeating ISIS. I think if there’s anything we ought to under-stand from these last events [in Paris], it’s that we have to go to war against this brutal enemy’’; Whereas after the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, Congress authorized the use of military force against al Qaeda; Whereas ISIL poses a direct threat to the United States homeland that is equal to or greater than the threat posed by al Qaeda prior to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; Whereas, although nothing in this joint resolution limits the authorities of the President under article 2 of the Constitution of the United States, Justice Robert H. Jack-son wrote in Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 343 U.S. 579 (1952) that ‘‘[w]hen the President acts pursuant to an express or implied authorization of Congress, his au-thority is at its maximum, for it includes all that he possesses in his own right plus all that Congress can delegate’’; and Whereas ISIL, through the use of social media and its online magazine, Dabiq, seeks to radicalize Americans and to inspire at-tacks within the homeland: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This joint resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Authorization for Use of Military Force Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its Associated Forces’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is author-ized to use all necessary and appropriate force in order to defend the national security of the United States against the continuing threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, its associated forces, organiza-tions, and persons, and any successor organi-zations. (b) W
ARPOWERS RESOLUTION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) S
PECIFIC STATUTORY AUTHORIZATION .— Consistent with section 8(a)(1) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1457(a)(1)), Con-gress declares that this section is intended to constitute specific statutory authoriza-tion within the meaning of section 5(b) of the War Powers Resolution. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Nothing in this joint resolution supercedes any requirement of the War Pow-ers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Not less frequently than once every 60 days, the President shall sub-mit a report to Congress on matters relevant to this joint resolution, including actions taken pursuant to the exercise of authority granted under section 2. (b) SINGLE CONSOLIDATED REPORT .—To the extent that the submission of any report de-scribed in subsection (a) coincides with the submission of any other report on matters relevant to this joint resolution otherwise required to be submitted to Congress pursu-ant to the reporting requirements of the War Powers Resolution, all such reports may be submitted as a single consolidated report to Congress. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 346—EX-PRESSING OPPOSITION TO THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION INTER-PRETIVE NOTICE REGARDING LABELING ISRAELI PRODUCTS AND GOODS MANUFACTURED IN THE WEST BANK AND OTHER AREAS, AS SUCH ACTIONS UN-DERMINE THE ISRAELI-PALES-TINIAN PEACE PROCESS Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 346 Whereas the United States supports a ne-gotiated solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict resulting in two states, a demo-cratic, Jewish State of Israel and a viable, democratic Palestinian state, living side-by- side in peace, security, and mutual recogni-tion; Whereas a true and lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians can only be es-tablished through direct negotiations regard-ing outstanding issues between Israel and the recognized leadership of the Palestinian people, the Palestinian Authority; Whereas a true and lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians is in the national security interests of the United States and necessary to ensure the safety and security of Israel; Whereas the anti-Israel Boycott, Divest-ment and Sanctions (BDS) movement has called on the European Commission to go be-yond labeling guidelines and implement a ban on the import of products of Israeli com-panies that operate in the West Bank and other areas; Whereas politically motivated acts of boy-cott, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel represent a concerted effort to extract concessions from Israel outside of direct ne-gotiations between the Israelis and Palestin-ians, and undermine efforts to achieve a ne-gotiated two-state solution; Whereas the United States has long op-posed efforts to impose solutions to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict outside of direct negotiations between the two parties; Whereas the United States has historically been at the forefront of combating economic pressure against Israel and has enacted legis-lation to counter both the Arab League Boy-cott of Israel and the BDS movement; Whereas one-sided actions, such as singling out Israeli products, serves to encourage and prompt consumers to boycott Israeli prod-ucts and goods manufactured in the West Bank and other areas; Whereas section 102(b) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 (title I of Public Law 114– 26; 19 U.S.C. 4201(b)) states that the United States should discourage potential trading partners from adopting policies to limit trade or investment relations with Israel when negotiating the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with European countries; Whereas the United States and the Euro-pean Union have historically worked in co-ordination to bring an end to the Israeli-Pal-estinian conflict; and Whereas multiple Untied States legisla-tures have enacted measures to confront po-litically motivated acts of boycott, divest-ment from, and sanctions against Israel, in-cluding Tennessee, Indiana, Illinois, South Carolina, and New York: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses opposition to the European Commission interpretive notice regarding la-beling Israeli products and goods manufac-tured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions undermine efforts to achieve a negotiated Israeli-Palestinian peace process; (2) opposes politically motivated acts of boycott, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel or Israeli-controlled territory; (3) calls upon the European Commission, the Council of the European Union, and the European Parliament to oppose any boycott, divestment, or sanctions initiatives aimed at singling out Israel, to refrain from actions counterproductive to resolving the Israeli- Palestinian conflict, and to work on bringing the parties back to the negotiating table; (4) encourages European Union member states to exert prudence in the implementa-tion of the European Union labeling guide-lines regarding Israeli products and goods manufactured in the West Bank and other areas; (5) urges the President to increase the use of the voice, vote, and influence of the United States in international organizations and other appropriate international forums to actively oppose politically motivated acts of boycott, divestment from, and sanctions against Israel; (6) supports efforts by United States State legislatures to enact measures that oppose politically motivated acts of boycott, divest-ment from, and sanctions against Israel; and (7) reaffirms its strong support for a nego-tiated solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict resulting in two states, a demo-cratic, Jewish State of Israel and a viable, democratic Palestinian state, living side-by- side in peace, security, and mutual recogni-tion. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 347—HON-ORING THE MEMORY AND LEG-ACY OF ANITA ASHOK DATAR AND CONDEMNING THE TER-RORIST ATTACK IN BAMAKO, MALI, ON NOVEMBER 20, 2015 Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C OONS ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 347 Whereas, on November 20, 2015, terrorists perpetrated an horrific attack at the Radisson Blu Hotel in Bamako, Mali, killing innocent civilians from 7 countries, includ-ing Mali, Russia, China, Belguim, Israel, Senegal, and the United States; Whereas Anita Ashok Datar was the only citizen of the United States killed in the ter-rorist attack on November 20, 2015, in Bamako, Mali; Whereas first responders, including Malian forces, United Nations staff, and French and United States security personnel, including agents of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security, bravely and quickly assisted with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.015 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S135 January 20, 2016 
(1) the evacuation of hostages; and (2) the transportation of hostages to safe locations; Whereas Anita Ashok Datar— (1) resided in Takoma Park, Maryland; (2) was born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts; and (3) was raised in Flanders, New Jersey; Whereas Anita Ashok Datar was an inter-national public health and development worker, public health expert, mother, daugh-ter, sister, and friend; Whereas Anita Ashok Datar served as a volunteer of the Peace Corps in Senegal from 1997 through 1999; Whereas Anita Ashok Datar was a grad-uate of— (1) Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey; and (2) Columbia University’s— (A) Mailman School of Public Health; and (B) School of International and Public Affairs; Whereas Anita Ashok Datar helped found a not-for-profit organization dedicated to con-necting low-income women in underserved communities to quality health services; Whereas, of all of the accomplishments of Anita Ashok Datar, she was most proud of her son, Rohan; and Whereas the people of the United States stand united with the family, friends, and colleagues of Anita Ashok Datar— (1) to support the individuals touched by her life or affected by her death; and (2) to pray for healing, understanding, and peace: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the terrorist attack in Bamako, Mali, on November 20, 2015; (2) honors the memory of Anita Ashok Datar, the citizen of the United States that was killed in the terrorist attack on Novem-ber 20, 2015, in Bamako, Mali; (3) recognizes and honors the commitment of Anita Ashok Datar to advance inter-national development and public health, in-cluding her work to connect low-income women to quality health services; (4) extends heartfelt condolences and pray-ers to— (A) the family, friends, and colleagues of Anita Ashok Datar, particularly her son, Rohan; and (B) the individuals touched by the life of Anita Ashok Datar or affected by her death, including the dedicated development profes-sionals and volunteers that continue to self-lessly engage in critical humanitarian and development efforts; and (5) pledges to continue to work to counter violent extremism, including through edu-cation and health care, in the United States and abroad. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 28—TO ESTABLISH THE JOINT CONGRESSIONAL COM-MITTEE ON INAUGURAL CERE-MONIES FOR THE INAUGURATION OF THE PRESIDENT-ELECT AND VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT OF THE UNITED STATES ON JANUARY 20, 2017 Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 28 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF JOINT COM-MITTEE. 
There is established a Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘joint com-mittee’’) consisting of 3 Senators and 3 Mem-bers of the House of Representatives, to be appointed by the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, respectively. The joint committee is author-ized to make the necessary arrangements for the inauguration of the President-elect and Vice President-elect of the United States on January 20, 2017. SEC. 2. SUPPORT OF THE JOINT COMMITTEE. 
The joint committee— (1) is authorized to utilize appropriate equipment and the services of appropriate personnel of departments and agencies of the Federal Government, under arrangements between the joint committee and the heads of those departments and agencies, in con-nection with the inaugural proceedings and ceremonies; and (2) may accept gifts and donations of goods and services to carry out its responsibilities. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 29—TO AUTHORIZE THE USE OF THE ROTUNDA AND EMANCI-PATION HALL OF THE CAPITOL BY THE JOINT CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE ON INAUGURAL CEREMONIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROCEEDINGS AND CEREMONIES CONDUCTED FOR THE INAUGURATION OF THE PRESIDENT-ELECT AND THE VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 29 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF THE ROTUNDA AND EMANCI-PATION HALL OF THE CAPITOL. 
The rotunda and Emancipation Hall of the United States Capitol are authorized to be used on January 20, 2017, by the Joint Con-gressional Committee on Inaugural Cere-monies in connection with the proceedings and ceremonies conducted for the inaugura-tion of the President-elect and the Vice President-elect of the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2945. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of cer-tain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2946. Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2947. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2948. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2949. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2950. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2951. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2952. Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY(for himself, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. S
ANDERS )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 607, to provide for a five-year extension of the Medicare rural community hospital demonstration program. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2945. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be com-pleted prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The governor of each State shall be permitted to advise the Sec-retary of State, on a weekly basis, of the willingness of such State to accept the reset-tlement of a refugee in such State. (b) A
DVISE .—The Secretary of State shall provide full information to a governor of any State if the Secretary resettles a refugee in that State. 
SA 2946. Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supple-mental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refu-gees, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT VETO AU-THORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The governor of each State shall be permitted to advise the Sec-retary of State, on a weekly basis, of the willingness of such State to accept the reset-tlement of a refugee in such State. (b) V
ETOAUTHORITY .—The governor of any State may veto the resettlement of any ref-ugee in that State. 
SA 2947. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be com-pleted prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, line 14, insert ‘‘, and has pro-vided support to any foreign terrorist organi-zation, which may include publishing or oth-erwise engaging in social media to promote or otherwise support a foreign terrorist orga-nization’’ before the period at the end. Beginning on page 3, strike line 15 and all that follows through page 5, line 2, and insert the following: 
SEC. 3. INADMISSIBILITY FOR USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA TO PROMOTE TERRORISM. 
(a) I N GENERAL .—Section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)(VII) of the Immigration and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.017 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES136 January 20, 2016 
Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(i)(VII)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including through the use of social media’’ before the semi-colon at the end. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, shall issue regulations, in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to ensure that every covered alien who has violated section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)(VII) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(i)(VII))— (1) does not receive an immigrant visa under section 203 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153); and (2) does not have his or her status adjusted to that of an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence under section 245 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1155). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The regulations issued under subsection (b) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date on which such regulations are published in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (F) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (G) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (H) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (I) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (J) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (K) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (L) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED ALIEN .—The term ‘‘covered alien’’ means any alien who— (A)(i) is applying for admission to the United States as a refugee; and (ii) is a national or resident of Iraq or Syria; (iii) has no known nationality and whose last habitual residence was in Iraq or in Syria; or (iv) has been present in Iraq or in Syria at any time on or after March 1, 2011. (B) is not a citizen of Iraq who— (i) is or was employed by or on behalf of the United States Government in Iraq on or after March 20, 2003, for not less than 1 year; and (ii) provided faithful and valuable service to the United States Government, which is documented in a positive recommendation or evaluation described in subsection (c), from the employer’s senior supervisor in the United States Government or from a more senior person if the employee’s senior super-visor cannot be located; (C) is not the spouse or child of an alien de-scribed in subparagraph (B); and (D) is not an infant child without living parents who is younger than 4 years of age, as certified under procedures promulgated by the Secretary of State under subsection (b). (3) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ is a foreign organization that is designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the Sec-retary of State in accordance with section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (b) CERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall issue regulations establishing proce-dures for certifying that an alien is an alien child without living parents who is younger than 4 years of age, as described in sub-section (a)(2)(D). (2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit the regu-lations issued under paragraph (1) to the ap-propriate congressional committees. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not earlier than 90 days after the submission of regulations under paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall implement the regulations issued under paragraph (1). (c) A
PPROVAL BY CHIEF OF MISSION RE-
QUIRED .—Each recommendation or evalua-tion required under subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)) shall be accompanied by approval from the appropriate Chief of Mission, or his or her designee, who shall conduct a risk assess-ment of the alien and an independent review of records maintained by the United States Government or hiring organization or entity to confirm the alien’s employment and faith-ful and valuable service to the United States Government before the alien is exempted from definition of covered alien under sub-section (a)(2)(B). 
SA 2948. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be com-pleted prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. STATE NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT. Sec-tion 412(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1522(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(9) Before a refugee is resettled in a State, the Secretary of State shall provide the gov-ernor of such State, or the governor’s des-ignee, with respect to the refugee— ‘‘(A) the full, legal name; ‘‘(B) a physical description, including bio-metric information; ‘‘(C) relevant biographical information; ‘‘(D) the country of origin; and ‘‘(E) any prior citizenship.’’. 
SA 2949. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be com-pleted prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. PRIORITIZING SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS FOR IRAQI AND AFGHAN TRANSLATORS. 
In allocating the resources of the Depart-ment of State, the Secretary of State shall prioritize the issuance of special immigrant visas authorized under— (1) section 1059 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note); (2) section 1244 of the Refugee Crisis in Iraq Act of 2007 (8 U.S.C. 1157 note); and (3) section 602 of the Afghan Allies Protec-tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note). SA 2950. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be com-pleted prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATION OF EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN DUAL NATIONALS FROM PARTICIPA-TION IN THE VISA WAIVER PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Equal Protection in Travel Act of 2016’’. (b) V
ISA WAIVER PROGRAM .—Section 217(a)(12) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(a)(12)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking clause (ii); (B) by striking ‘‘(C)—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the alien has not been present’’ and inserting ‘‘(C), the alien has not been present’’; and (C) by redesignating subclauses (I), (II), and (III) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively; and (2) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(A)(i)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A)’’. 
SA 2951. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be com-pleted prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, strike line 14 and insert the fol-lowing: (e) D
ELEGATION AUTHORIZED .—The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secretary of Homeland Security may delegate their respective responsibilities for issuing the certifications required under sub-sections (a) and (b) to an individual or indi-viduals with the relevant authority and ex-pertise within their respective agency. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
SA 2952. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. S ANDERS )) pro-posed an amendment to the bill S. 607, to provide for a five-year extension of the Medicare rural community hospital demonstration program; as follows: 
Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF THE RURAL COMMUNITY HOSPITAL DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 410A of the Medi-care Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108– 173; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by sections 3123 and 10313 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year ex-tension period’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
IVE-YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘T EN-YEAR’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘addi-tional 5-year’’ and inserting ‘‘additional 10- year’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.023 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S137 January 20, 2016 
(C) by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year extension period’’ each place it appears; (D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘each 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘hos-pital during’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘each appli-cable 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘the first day of’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) O
THER HOSPITALS IN DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAM .—During the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period, the Secretary shall apply the provisions of paragraph (4) to rural community hospitals that are not described in paragraph (4) but are participating in the demonstration program under this section as of December 30, 2014, in a similar manner as such provisions apply to rural community hospitals described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) E
XPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION PRO -
GRAM TO RURAL AREAS IN ANY STATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, notwithstanding subsection (a)(2) or para-graph (2) of this subsection, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, issue a solicitation for appli-cations to select up to the maximum number of additional rural community hospitals lo-cated in any State to participate in the dem-onstration program under this section for the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period without exceeding the limitation under paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In determining which rural community hospitals that submitted an application pursuant to the solicitation under subparagraph (A) to select for partici-pation in the demonstration program, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall give priority to rural community hospitals located in one of the 20 States with the lowest population densities (as deter-mined by the Secretary using the 2015 Statis-tical Abstract of the United States); and ‘‘(ii) may consider— ‘‘(I) closures of hospitals located in rural areas in the State in which the rural commu-nity hospital is located during the 5-year pe-riod immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) the population density of the State in which the rural community hospital is lo-cated.’’. (b) C
HANGE IN TIMING FOR REPORT .—Sub- section (e) of such section 410A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the completion of the demonstration program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than August 1, 2018’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘such program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the demonstration program under this section’’. f 
NOTICE OF HEARING 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2016, at 10 a.m. in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Generic Drug User Fee Amendments: Accel-erating Patient Access to Generic Drugs.’’ For further information regarding this meeting, please contact Jamie Garden of the committee staff on (202) 224–0623. AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room 328A of the Russell Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., in room, SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Middle East after the JCPOA.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–403 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Federal Response to Challenges in Mental Health Care in America.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Inside the Mind of ISIS: Understanding Its Goals and Ideology to Better Protect the Homeland.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on January 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Adequacy of Criminal In-tent Standards in Federal Prosecu-tions.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 11:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND THE  
NATIONAL INTEREST  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Why is the Biometric Exit Tracking System Still Not in Place?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider Calendar No. 440. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.026 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES138 January 20, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Lisa S. Disbrow, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary of the Air Force. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is, Will the Sen-ate advise and consent to the Disbrow nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nation; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
RURAL COMMUNITY HOSPITAL DEMONSTRATION EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 181, S. 607. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 607) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Finance, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rural Commu-nity Hospital Demonstration Extension Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF THE MEDICARE RURAL COMMUNITY HOSPITAL DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 410A of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Mod-ernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–173; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by sections 3123 and 10313 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘5-year ex-tension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year exten-sion period’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
IVE-YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘T EN-YEAR’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘additional 5-year’’ and inserting ‘‘additional 10-year’’; (C) by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year extension period’’ each place it appears; (D) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, after the date of the enact-ment of this sentence, only hospitals described in paragraph (4) or (5) may participate in dem-onstration program under this section.’’ (E) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘each 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘hospital during’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘each applicable 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘the first day of’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) OTHER HOSPITALS IN DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAM .—During the second 5 years of the 10- year extension period, the Secretary shall apply the provisions of paragraph (4) to rural commu-nity hospitals that are not described in para-graph (4) but are participating in the dem-onstration program under this section as of De-cember 30, 2014, in a similar manner as such provisions apply to rural community hospitals described in paragraph (4).’’. (b) C
HANGE IN TIMING FOR REPORT .—Sub- section (e) of such section 410A is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the com-pletion’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than August 1, 2018’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grass-ley amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the committee-reported amendment, as amended, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; that the title amendment be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2952) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF THE RURAL COMMUNITY HOSPITAL DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 410A of the Medi-care Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108– 173; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by sections 3123 and 10313 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year ex-tension period’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
IVE-YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘T EN-YEAR’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘addi-tional 5-year’’ and inserting ‘‘additional 10- year’’; (C) by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year extension period’’ each place it appears; (D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘each 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘hos-pital during’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘each appli-cable 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘the first day of’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) O
THER HOSPITALS IN DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAM .—During the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period, the Secretary shall apply the provisions of paragraph (4) to rural community hospitals that are not described in paragraph (4) but are participating in the demonstration program under this section as of December 30, 2014, in a similar manner as such provisions apply to rural community hospitals described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) EXPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION PRO -
GRAM TO RURAL AREAS IN ANY STATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, notwithstanding subsection (a)(2) or para-graph (2) of this subsection, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, issue a solicitation for appli-cations to select up to the maximum number of additional rural community hospitals lo-cated in any State to participate in the dem-onstration program under this section for the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period without exceeding the limitation under paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In determining which rural community hospitals that submitted an application pursuant to the solicitation under subparagraph (A) to select for partici-pation in the demonstration program, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall give priority to rural community hospitals located in one of the 20 States with the lowest population densities (as deter-mined by the Secretary using the 2015 Statis-tical Abstract of the United States); and ‘‘(ii) may consider— ‘‘(I) closures of hospitals located in rural areas in the State in which the rural commu-nity hospital is located during the 5-year pe-riod immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) the population density of the State in which the rural community hospital is lo-cated.’’. (b) C
HANGE IN TIMING FOR REPORT .—Sub- section (e) of such section 410A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the completion of the demonstration program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than August 1, 2018’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘such program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the demonstration program under this section’’. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The bill (S. 607), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 607 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rural Com-munity Hospital Demonstration Extension Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF THE RURAL COMMUNITY HOSPITAL DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 410A of the Medi-care Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108– 173; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by sections 3123 and 10313 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year ex-tension period’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
IVE-YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘T EN-YEAR’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘addi-tional 5-year’’ and inserting ‘‘additional 10- year’’; (C) by striking ‘‘5-year extension period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-year extension period’’ each place it appears; (D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘each 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘hos-pital during’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘each appli-cable 5-year period in’’ after ‘‘the first day of’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.058 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S139 January 20, 2016 
(E) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) O
THER HOSPITALS IN DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAM .—During the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period, the Secretary shall apply the provisions of paragraph (4) to rural community hospitals that are not described in paragraph (4) but are participating in the demonstration program under this section as of December 30, 2014, in a similar manner as such provisions apply to rural community hospitals described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) E
XPANSION OF DEMONSTRATION PRO -
GRAM TO RURAL AREAS IN ANY STATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, notwithstanding subsection (a)(2) or para-graph (2) of this subsection, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, issue a solicitation for appli-cations to select up to the maximum number of additional rural community hospitals lo-cated in any State to participate in the dem-onstration program under this section for the second 5 years of the 10-year extension period without exceeding the limitation under paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In determining which rural community hospitals that submitted an application pursuant to the solicitation under subparagraph (A) to select for partici-pation in the demonstration program, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall give priority to rural community hospitals located in one of the 20 States with the lowest population densities (as deter-mined by the Secretary using the 2015 Statis-tical Abstract of the United States); and ‘‘(ii) may consider— ‘‘(I) closures of hospitals located in rural areas in the State in which the rural commu-nity hospital is located during the 5-year pe-riod immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this paragraph; and ‘‘(II) the population density of the State in which the rural community hospital is lo-cated.’’. (b) C
HANGE IN TIMING FOR REPORT .—Sub- section (e) of such section 410A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the completion of the demonstration program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than August 1, 2018’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘such program’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the demonstration program under this section’’. 
The committee-reported title amend-ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to provide for a five-year extension of the Medi-care rural community hospital demonstra-tion program.’’. f 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SEISMIC SAFETY AND CONSTRUCTION AU-THORIZATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2422 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2422) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which ap-propriations are being made for fiscal year 2016. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2422) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2422 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Veterans Affairs Seismic Safety and Construction Authorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016, which was passed by the Senate on November 10, 2015, without a single vote cast against the bill, and the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 include the following amounts to be appropriated to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs: (A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections to Building 208 at the West Los Angeles Med-ical Center of the Department in Los Ange-les, California, which, according to the De-partment, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sus-taining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake. (B) $158,000,000 to provide for the construc-tion of a new research building, site work, and demolition at the San Francisco Vet-erans Affairs Medical Center. (C) $161,000,000 to replace Building 133 with a new community living center at the Long Beach Veterans Affairs Medical Center, which, according to the Department, is a building that is designated as having an ex-tremely high risk of sustaining major dam-age during an earthquake. (D) $468,800,000 for construction projects that are critical to the Department for en-suring health care access and safety at med-ical facilities in Louisville, Kentucky, Jef-ferson Barracks in St. Louis, Missouri, Perry Point, Maryland, American Lake, Wash-ington, Alameda, California, and Livermore, California. (2) The Department is unable to obligate or expend the amounts described in paragraph (1), other than for construction design, be-cause the Department lacks an explicit au-thorization by an Act of Congress pursuant to section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, to carry out the major medical facility projects described in such paragraph. (3) Among the major medical facility projects described in paragraph (1), three are critical seismic safety projects in California. (4) Every day that the critical seismic safe-ty projects described in paragraph (3) are de-layed increases the risk of a life-threatening building failure in the case of a major seis-mic event. (5) According to the United States Geologi-cal Survey— (A) California has more than a 99 percent chance of experiencing an earthquake of magnitude 6.7 or greater in the next 30 years; (B) even earthquakes of less severity than magnitude 6.7 can cause life threatening damage to seismically unsafe buildings; and (C) in California, earthquakes of mag-nitude 6.0 or greater occur on average once every 1.2 years. (b) AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic corrections to buildings, in-cluding retrofitting and replacement of high- risk buildings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $180,480,000. (2) Seismic corrections to facilities, includ-ing facilities to support homeless veterans, at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $105,500,000. (3) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $287,100,000. (4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, administrative space, cemetery, and col-umbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to exceed $87,332,000. (5) Realignment of medical facilities in Livermore, California, in an amount not to exceed $194,430,000. (6) Construction of a medical center in Louisville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $150,000,000. (7) Construction of a replacement commu-nity living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. (8) Seismic corrections and other renova-tions to several buildings and construction of a specialty care building in American Lake, Washington, in an amount not to ex-ceed $16,260,000. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  C
ONSTRUCTION .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for fiscal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, $1,113,802,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (b). (d) L
IMITATION .—The projects authorized in subsection (b) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in subsection (c); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. f 
ESTABLISHING THE JOINT CON-GRESSIONAL COMMITTEE ON IN-AUGURAL CEREMONIES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 28, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 28) to establish the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies for the inaugura-tion of the President-elect and Vice Presi-dent-elect of the United States on January 20, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.036 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES140 January 20, 2016 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 28) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE RO-TUNDA AND EMANCIPATION HALL OF THE CAPITOL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 29, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 29) to authorize the use of the Rotunda and Eman-cipation Hall of the Capitol by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Cere-monies in connection with the proceedings and ceremonies conducted for the inaugura-tion of the President-elect and the Vice President-elect of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 29) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S.J. RES. 29 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there is a joint resolu-tion at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the joint resolution by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 29) to author-ize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and its associated forces. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the joint resolution on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the joint reso-lution will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 2016 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, Jan-uary 21; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, with the time until 10:30 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:37 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, January 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate January 20, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
LISA S. DISBROW, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.062 S20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE51 January 20, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, January 21, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 25 5 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on the way forward in Syria and Iraq. SVC–217 JANUARY 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the role of the Service Chiefs in defense acquisi-tion in review of the defense authoriza-tion request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine economic opportunities from land cleanup pro-grams, including S. 2446, to amend sub-title D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal com-bustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment, S. 1479, to amend the Comprehensive En-vironmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify pro-visions relating to grants, and an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Good Samaritan Cleanup of Orphan Mines Act of 2016’’. SD–406 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine helping Americans prepare for retirement, fo-cusing on increasing access, participa-tion and coverage in retirement sav-ings plans. SD–215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Beth F. Cobert, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine mental health and the justice system. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the Con-gressional Budget Office’s budget and economic outlook, focusing on fiscal years 2016–2026. SD–608 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine the future nuclear posture of the United States. SR–222 JANUARY 27 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine military space programs and the use of Russian- made rocket engines. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Canada’s fast-track refugee plan, focusing on im-plications for United States national security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine attacking America’s epidemic of heroin and pre-scription drug abuse. SD–226 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Clare E. Connors, to be United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Inter-national Trade. SD–226 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight heading to examine the substandard quality of Indian health care in the Great Plains. SD–628 JANUARY 28 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the nuclear industry. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine generic drug user fee amendments, focusing on ac-celerating patient access to generic drugs. SD–430 FEBRUARY 2 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine occupa-tional licensing and the state action doctrine. SD–226 FEBRUARY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine energy-re-lated trends in advanced manufac-turing and workforce development. SD–366 FEBRUARY 9 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense nuclear acquisition pro-grams and the nuclear doctrine in re-view of the defense authorization re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SR–232A 
FEBRUARY 23 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JANUARY 26 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the presidential memorandum issued on November 3, 2015 entitled, ‘‘Miti-gating Impacts on Natural Resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M20JA8.000 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE52 January 20, 2016 
from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment.’’ SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States policy in Central Africa, focus-ing on the imperative of good govern-ance. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M20JA8.000 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D46 Wednesday, January 20, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S99–S140. Measures Introduced: Ten bills and five resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2449–2458, S.J. Res. 29, S. Res. 346–347, and S. Con. Res. 28–29. 
                                                                                              Page S132 
Measures Passed: Rural Community Hospital Demonstration Ex-tension Act: Senate passed S. 607, to provide for a five-year extension of the Medicare rural community hospital demonstration program, after agreeing to the committee reported amendment, the title amendment, and the following amendment proposed thereto: McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 2952, relative to the five-year extension of the rural com-munity hospital demonstration program. 
                                                                                    Pages S138–139 
Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Veterans Af-fairs Seismic Safety and Construction Authoriza-tion Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2422, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which ap-propriations are being made for fiscal year 2016, and the bill was then passed.
                                          Page S139 
Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 28, to es-tablish the Joint Congressional Committee on Inau-gural Ceremonies for the inauguration of the Presi-dent-elect and Vice President-elect of the United States on January 20, 2017.
                         Pages S139–140 
Authorizing Use of the Rotunda and Emanci-pation Hall: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 29, to authorize the use of the rotunda and Emancipation Hall of the Capitol by the Joint Congressional Com-mittee on Inaugural Ceremonies in connection with the proceedings and ceremonies conducted for the inauguration of the President-elect and the Vice President-elect of the United States.
                 Page S140 Measures Considered: American Safe Act: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifications and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees.
             Page S111 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. 4), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                          Page S111 
Veto Messages: Waters of the United States—Veto Message: Sen-ate began consideration of the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act.
              Page S100 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous- consent agreement of Wednesday, January 20, 2016, a vote on cloture will occur at 10:30 a.m., on Thurs-day, January 21, 2016; and if cloture is not invoked, that the veto message be indefinitely postponed. 
                                                                                    Pages S111–112 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the veto message at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, January 21, 2016, with the time until 10:30 a.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees. 
                                                                                              Page S140 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to the Constitution, the report of the veto of S.J. Res. 22, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA6.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D47 January 20, 2016 
Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act, received on January 19, 2016; or-dered to be printed in the Record, spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. (PM–37) 
                                                                                    Pages S129–130 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Lisa S. Disbrow, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary of the Air Force.
                                             Page S140 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S130 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S130–31 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S132 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S132–33 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S133–35 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S127–129 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S135–37 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                          Page S137 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S137 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—4)
                                                                        Page S111 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:37 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, January 21, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S140.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Improving Child Nutrition Integrity and Access Act of 2016’’. EXECUTIVE ACTIONS ON GUN CONTROL Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded an oversight hearing to examine the Depart-ment of Justice’s role in implementing new execu-tive actions related to gun control, after receiving testimony from Loretta E. Lynch, Attorney General, Department of Justice; Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange, Mountain Brook; Ken Cuccinelli, former Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Virginia, United Self Defense Law Firm, Nokesville, Virginia; Mark Barden, Sandy Hook Promise, New-town, Connecticut; and Joyce Lee Malcolm, George Mason University School of Law, Alexandria, Vir-ginia. U.S. STRATEGY AND POLICY IN THE MIDDLE EAST Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States strategy and policy in the Middle East, after receiving testimony from General John M. Keane, USA (Ret.), former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, Institute for the Study of War, and Philip H. Gordon, former Special As-sistant to the President and White House Middle East Coordinator, Council on Foreign Relations, both of Washington, D.C.; and Ryan C. Crocker, former United States Ambassador to Afghanistan, Texas A&M University George Bush School of Government and Public Service, College Station. TASK FORCE FOR BUSINESS AND STABILITY OPERATIONS PROJECTS IN AFGHANISTAN OVERSIGHT Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness and Management Support concluded an over-sight hearing to examine the Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan, after receiving testimony from Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Policy, and John F. Sopko, Special Inspector General for Afghan-istan Reconstruction, both of the Department of De-fense. NOMINATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Mas-sachusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Trans-portation, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Markey, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: S. 659, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, with amendments; S. 1024, to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1674, to amend and reauthorize certain provi-sions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship; S. 1724, to provide for environmental restoration activities and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, with an amendment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA6.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD48 January 20, 2016 
S. 2143, to provide for the authority for the suc-cessors and assigns of the Starr-Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas; and 32 proposed resolutions relating to the General Services Administration. MIDDLE EAST AND JCPOA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Middle East after the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, after receiving testi-mony from Michael Singh, The Washington Insti-tute for Near East Policy, and Brian Katulis, Center for American Progress, both of Washington, D.C. GOALS AND IDEOLOGY OF ISIS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine un-derstanding the goals and ideology of ISIS to better protect the homeland, after receiving testimony from Bernard Haykel, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey; Jessica Stern, Boston University Pardee School of Global Studies, Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Lorenzo Vidino, The George Washington Uni-versity Program on Extremism, and Hedieh Mirahmadi, World Organization for Resource Devel-opment and Education, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Af-fairs. CHALLENGES IN MENTAL HEALTH CARE Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine improv-ing the Federal response to challenges in mental health care in America, after receiving testimony from Brian Hepburn, National Association of State Mental Health Program Directors, Alexandria, Vir-ginia; Penelope Strachan Blake, Good Samaritan Medical Center, West Palm Beach, Florida, on behalf of the Emergency Nurses Association; William W. Eaton, Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health Department of Mental Health, Bal-timore, Maryland; and Hakeem Rahim, Live Breathe LLC, Hempstead, New York, on behalf of the Na-tional Alliance on Mental Illness. CRIMINAL INTENT STANDARDS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the adequacy of criminal intent standards in Federal prosecutions, including S. 2298, to specify the state of mind required for conviction for criminal offenses that lack an expressly identified state of mind, after receiving testimony from Leslie R. Caldwell, Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Division, Department of Justice; and Edwin Meese III, former Attorney General, The Heritage Founda-tion, Robert Weissman, Public Citizen, and Stephen A. Saltzburg, The George Washington University Law School, on behalf of the American Bar Associa-tion, all of Washington, D.C. BIOMETRIC EXIT TRACKING SYSTEM Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and the National Interest concluded a hear-ing to examine the biometric exit tracking system and actions needed by the Department of Homeland Security to address long-standing challenges in plan-ning for a biometric exit system, after receiving tes-timony from John Wagner, Deputy Assistant Com-missioner, Office of Field Operations, Customs and Border Protection, Anh Duong, Director, Borders and Maritime Security Division, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Science and Technology Direc-torate, and Craig C. Healy, Assistant Director, Na-tional Security Investigations Division, Homeland Security Investigations, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, all of the Department of Homeland Se-curity; and Rebecca Gambler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Account-ability Office. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 107. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA6.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D49 January 20, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Eric K. Fanning, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Secretary of the Army, Department of De-fense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the automotive industry, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine healthcare co-ops, focusing on a review of the financial and oversight controls, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine political and economic developments in Latin America and opportunities for United States engagement, 10:45 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine laying out the reality of the Postal Service, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts re-lated to prescription drug diversion and abuse, S. 1890, to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and the nominations of Mary S. McElroy, to be United States District Judge for the District of Rhode Island, and Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania, 10:45 a.m., S–216, Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Department of Veterans Affairs’ transformation strategy, focusing on examining the plan to modernize the Department of Veterans Affairs, 10 a.m., SR–418. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA6.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD50 January 20, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, January 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the veto message on S.J. Res. 22, Waters of the United States, with a vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the veto message, at 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Monday, January 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 107. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20JA6.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST