Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6505 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2016 No. 169 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, November 29, 2016, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , NOVEMBER 28, 2016 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Savior, how great You are. You are robed with honor and majesty. You are dressed in robes of splendor. Guide our Senators on the right path, helping them to unite in thought and purpose for the common good of our Nation. Lord, remind them that Your desires for them are wiser than their plans so that our lawmakers will cher-ish the wisdom of Your unfolding prov-idence. May our legislators not become discouraged, but may they anticipate a harvest of blessings at the appropriate time. Help them to find delight in com-muning with You, knowing that You will plant in their hearts desires that will fulfill Your purposes. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
DISPUTE AT STANDING ROCK RESERVATION Mr. REID. Madam President, this month is Native American Heritage Month. During this month, we honor the contributions of American Indians and also, of course, Alaskan Natives and Hawaiians. We don’t have to look very far to see how Native Americans continue fighting for their heritage. They really must fight for their herit-age. If you pick up a newspaper or turn to the news on any channel you want, you will see what is happening at the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota. The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is opposing the construction of a portion of the Dakota Access Pipeline that passes near their reservation where it crosses the Missouri River. They are concerned that the con-struction of the pipeline could not only destroy ancestral burial grounds but could also contaminate the water sup-ply for the tribe, as well as for millions of others who depend on water from the Missouri River. The Standing Rock Sioux are fight-ing for their land, the right to clean water, clean air, and their history. They are not alone. The Standing Rock Sioux have been joined by thousands of others, including members of hundreds of tribes throughout the United States. Last month, while I was in Nevada, members of the 27 Native American tribes we have in Nevada made it clear to me that they stand in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux. But I do too. Here is why. Here is why I join with the Standing Rock Sioux in calling for an alternative route for the pipeline’s construction. It is past time that this situation be re-solved peacefully. It has lingered for months, and the debate has descended into violence. Private security guards have unleashed attack dogs on Indians, resulting in men, women, and children being bitten and some very severely. Police have used rubber bullets, tear gas, and compression grenades. Some 300 people have been treated for inju-ries as a result of this violence against the protesters. The most severe injury took place a week ago, when one young woman had parts of her arm and hand blown off. The violence at Standing Rock must end. I am confident that President Obama’s administration is taking the necessary steps to address the situa-tion. They have done well so far. What is happening at Standing Rock is a movement that has captured the atten-tion of the entire country. But we should understand the con-text of what is taking place. We should be mindful that the history of this re-gion is fraught with disputes—very few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.000 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6506 November 28, 2016 
of which, if any, have been resolved in the favor of the Indians. This region is fraught, I repeat, with disputes be-tween Native Americans and the U.S. Government—disputes that originated more than a century ago but that, in the minds of the Indians, are still very much alive. Last week, Kevin Gover, the Director of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of the American Indian, which is a wonderful place, put the clash at Standing Rock in historic perspective. Here is what he said: 
Take Standing Rock, for example . . . if you know what the history of the Sioux Na-tion is, you know that the treaties were made with the Sioux Nation concerning these lands that no longer belong to the Sioux Nation. And you know that the devel-opment of the Missouri River for the past century has always, always involved taking of Indian land. They were building dams up and down the Missouri, and every Indian res-ervation along the way was flooded. Some of the best land was flooded, which only deep-ened their poverty and made it that much harder to climb out [of poverty, which they haven’t]. So we should know that kind of history. 
I agree. This is the history to which he is referring—or at least a part of it. In the 1890s, Congress pushed the Sioux to reservations, took them off their an-cestral lands, and jammed them into reservations. Speaking from the knowledge I have, what they did to the Panamint and Shoshone in Nevada is unbelievable. They put them in the worst places you could find. That is what they did to the Sioux. In the 1890s, they pushed the Sioux into reservations. Then, two dec-ades later, in violation of all of the treaties they had, they built dams on the Missouri River that shrunk the size of the reservations even more. Then, in the 1940s, the United States built yet another dam, putting the Sioux’s most fertile land underwater. I don’t intend to have all of the answers. But I do know from experience that progress is possible when cooperation and respect form the foundation of fair-ness, especially on issues related to tribal rights and environmental con-cerns. I take one example that I know a lot about, and that is what happened in Nevada with a really large power-plant—coal-fired—called the Reid Gardner coal-fired plant. It was one of the dirtiest powerplants in the entire country. This coal plant was located less than a football field from the trib-al reservation. Every day it dumped thousands of tons of toxins in the air, such as ar-senic, mercury, and lead. Tribal mem-bers got sick. Of course, they did. Some 300 people on the reservation were poisoned daily by the pollution. But working with the Moapa Paiutes, I called for closure of the plant. People thought: Why are you doing this? It was the right thing to do. It was the right thing to do for the environment, but, more importantly, it was the fair and just thing to do for the Moapa Band of Paiutes. Since that time, when we started this initial effort, three of Reid Gardner’s four generating units have been shut down—closed. The whole coal facility will be out of business within the next 90 days. That is pretty good. It is gone. Why? Because we had government. Local and State governments, Indian government, and the power company all worked together to address this issue. It could not have been done without all three of them working together. I have said this publicly. I have had a lot of disputes with the monopoly power company in Nevada, but on this issue I have complimented them because they did the right thing. With the Paiute tribe, instead of having this toxic dump in the form of a coal-fired generating plant right next to them that they breathe every day, they now have a huge solar farm. It has created lots of construction jobs. That electricity is now being sent to the city of Los Angeles. It has been good for everybody—good for the air of Nevada, good for the Indians with work. It has helped the environment. The power company has made other ar-rangements for their power. They did it fairly easily. The simple truth is, based on this whole experience I had, that you need to work together, whether it is the Moapa Paiutes or the Standing Rock Sioux. They are exposed to more pollu-tion than most Americans. That is the way it is. We don’t talk a lot about the people who are severely impacted by a cen-tury of practically limitless pollu-tion—Indians. This is not an urban or rural phenomenon. It is everywhere, and it is dangerous. Researchers at the University of Minnesota found that the difference in exposure to nitrogen diox-ide alone is equal to roughly 7,000 deaths a year from heart disease. From South Dakota to Nevada, Na-tive Americans are on the frontlines of these environmental and public health catastrophes. To make matters worse, heavy-polluting industries are fighting to return to the days of limitless pollu-tion under the next administration. Can the people of America expect our newly elected President to intervene on their behalf against the big pol-luters? Can the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe depend on the man who is finan-cially invested in the Dakota Access Pipeline? Probably not. This is about more than President- Elect Trump or fossil fuel profits. What is happening at Standing Rock is about respect for people: Where they build their homes, where they raise their families. The violence and aggression against the Standing Rock Sioux in North Dakota is a tragic example of the failure to respect people, of long-standing grievances, for how they and their natural resources have been treated. No one can see this more than the In-dians. The Standing Rock Sioux pro-test at the Dakota Access Pipeline has everything to do with the history of broken promises and the institutional-ized disregard for the rights of their own land as well as the trust relation-ship between Indian tribes and the Fed-eral Government of the United States. While most stakeholders want a speedy end to this situation, we must under-stand that overreaction to protesters, violence, and disregard for our history undermines the likelihood of a mutu-ally acceptable solution and rubs salt in already festering wounds. Profits should not be a determining factor of how this matter is resolved. The Obama administration has recog-nized that this history means the Da-kota Access Pipeline is much more complicated than a water-crossing per-mit. They are doing the right thing by working with tribes to develop a better consultation process. I appreciate very much what the Obama administration has done. They recognize that history means that the pipeline is more com-plicated than simply a water crossing. I appreciate that the President is showing the Standing Rock Sioux the respect to which they are entitled. President Obama has less than 2 months left in his term, and it is be-coming clear that the dispute at Stand-ing Rock likely will not be resolved be-fore he leaves office. I encourage the new administration and the Army Corps of Engineers to continue finding an alternate route. There is one out there. This should not be that hard. There is no reason this situation cannot be remedied in a man-ner that is fair to all. Three hundred people have already been injured. Grenades. Dogs being sicced on these Indians. Water being sprayed on them in freezing tempera-tures—below-freezing temperatures. Our Native-American tribes are look-ing to the Federal Government for help. For once, let’s get them some help rather than just continue taking from them. They want to believe that after centuries of wrongs, the United States will finally get it right. Indians want to believe that after so long of being treated with no respect, the United States will help and not hurt. Relocating the pipeline to a more suitable area away from the Standing Rock Indian Reservation would be an easy and historic step in the right di-rection. For the sake of our country, I hope that happens. Madam President, I see no one on the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.002 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6507 November 28, 2016 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, over the next few weeks, Senators will work to conclude the business of the 114th Congress as we begin looking for-ward to the 115th. We have a lot to do, including approving several conference reports and funding the government. It is good to see the respective commit-tees making important progress on conference reports for the National De-fense Authorization Act and the Water Resources Development Act. We will work with our counterparts in the House to consider each of those in the coming days and to send final bills to the President’s desk for signa-ture. We will also take up the 21st-cen-tury cures bill, which contains re-sources to promote medical research, including advancing regenerative medi-cine, among many other important provisions. Sometime soon we will also take up the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, which provides underlying au-thorities necessary to reimpose sanc-tions if those sanctions are called for on the country that has continued to exhibit disturbing and very aggressive behavior. And of course we will work to pass the continuing resolution to fund the government. I would also like to note that my friend from Alaska, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , is continuing her efforts to ad-vance the Energy Policy Modernization Act, which passed the Senate with large bipartisan support earlier this year. As the chair of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, she has been a champion of this critical bill and has never stopped working to move it forward. I appreciate her work in that capacity, as well as the many other Members who have been leaders on each of the issues I just named. I would encourage colleagues on both sides to continue working together so that we can complete our work very soon. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DACA Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, dur-ing the Presidential campaign, which just concluded, President-Elect Donald Trump made some inflammatory re-marks about immigration and immi-grants. I condemned those remarks, as did many in both political parties, and I remain concerned about the impact that rhetoric has on America and the people who are living in the United States. On election night, Mr. Trump said, ‘‘Now it is time for America to bind the wounds of division.’’ As one step in bringing our Nation together, Mr. Trump should change his thinking on at least one aspect of immigration, and I hope even more. As the President- elect knows, we are, in fact, a nation of immigrants, and immigration makes America stronger. Like me, Mr. Trump is the son of an immigrant. His wife will be only the second immigrant in American history to serve as First Lady. During a recent interview, Mr. Trump acknowledged that millions of undocumented immi-grants are ‘‘terrific people.’’ That is a good start; words matter. The tone the President-elect sets with the language he uses can help to bind the divisions in America, but actions matter as well. I hope that one of President-Elect Trump’s first actions will be to pledge to continue the program known as DACA. It was 6 years ago that I sent a letter to President Barack Obama, and join-ing me in that letter was Senator Dick Lugar, a Republican Senator from Indi-ana. It was a bipartisan letter, and we asked President Obama to stop the de-portations of young immigrants who grew up in this country. These young people have come to be known as DREAMers. They were brought to the United States as children. They grew up singing the national anthem in their classrooms and pledging alle-giance to the only flag they ever knew—the American flag. These DREAMers are casualties of our broken immigration system. They were brought here as children, tod-dlers, infants, babies. They didn’t have any voice in the decision of their fam-ily to come to America. They were brought here to live. We invested in them. We put them in our school sys-tems. It really makes no sense, since many of them have become accom-plished and promising young people, to give up on them now and deport them back to countries they have never known. The President of the United States, Barack Obama, responded. He estab-lished the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals program, which is known as DACA. DACA provides temporary renewable legal status to immigrant students who arrived in the United States as children. What does it take? A student has to fill out an application form. When this Executive action went into effect, I joined with Congressman LUIS G
UTIE´RREZ of Chicago. We decided on the first day of eligibility we would set up some tables at the Navy Pier in Chi-cago, and we would welcome young people to come in and sign up. These were undocumented young people who had grown up in the United States, and now they had a chance because of the President’s Executive action to ask for temporary protected status and a work permit. It cost money, almost $500. When they submitted their names, they also submitted their names for a criminal background check to make certain they had no serious criminal offense and they were no threat to this coun-try. Congressman GUTIE´RREZ and I ex-pected several hundred to show up. We had immigration lawyers ready to vol-unteer to help them fill out the forms. We were stunned. The night before, at midnight, they started lining up in the dark with their parents, and they waited all night to come into that room and to sign those applications so that they, as undocumented young peo-ple in America, would have a fighting chance to become part of America’s fu-ture. That is all they asked for. They didn’t ask for jobs. They didn’t ask for government programs. They don’t qualify for very many, if any. All they asked for was a chance—a chance to live here and not be deported and a chance to work here. So far, in the few years that DACA has been in effect, over 740,000 young people have signed up. They came for-ward, paid their fees, and went through the background checks. They were ap-proved. Now they are working or going to school. DACA has allowed these DREAMers to make contributions to America that are valuable to all of us. They are sol-diers, nurses, teachers, engineers, po-lice officers, and they are aspiring to the highest levels of education in our country. These DACA recipients are making important contributions to our economy. A new study by the Center for Amer-ican Progress finds that ending DACA would cost the United States $433.4 bil-lion in gross domestic product over the next 10 years. These are not just bright young students; they are great work-ers. They will be great professionals. They will help people, and they will make America stronger. DACA is based on the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act is bipartisan legisla-tion that I first introduced 15 years ago. If you are going to serve in the Senate, you have to be patient. I didn’t dream I would be standing here 15 years later, still asking for the Senate to approve the DREAM Act. In the meantime, what President Obama did was to say we will protect these young people while Congress debates the fu-ture of immigration reform, but we will make sure that they can stay in this country without fear of deporta-tion. If the DREAM Act is enacted into law—and, incidentally, it passed the Senate several years ago—it will give these undocumented students a chance to earn their way to legal status and citizenship. DACA is clearly legal. Like every President before him, President Obama has the authority to set immi-gration policy for his administration. DACA is also smart and realistic. It is a way to enforce our immigration laws the right way, to make sure that these young people who have done nothing wrong, who have no criminal problems, who have paid their fee and registered with the government are allowed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.004 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6508 November 28, 2016 
stay without fear of a knock on the door. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity has only enough funding to deport a small fraction of the undocumented immigrants in our country each year. President Obama has said he wants to focus those resources on those who should not be in the United States, those who could do us harm. That is just common sense. At the same time, the President said we shouldn’t waste our resources on deporting young im-migrant students who grew up in the United States and are making con-tributions to our future. During the campaign, President- Elect Trump pledged to rescind and end DACA. I believe that after his adminis-tration studies the issue, there is a chance he will reconsider when he comes to know these ‘‘terrific people.’’ I have come to the floor of the Sen-ate now for over 10 years, telling the stories of these DREAMers. There was a time when they were afraid to come out publicly and tell America who they were. They had been warned by their parents since they were little kids to be careful. If you talk to the wrong person, if you do the wrong thing, if the police knock on the door, you may be deported along with the rest of your family, so be careful. As kids will, these young people across America have decided they are not going to hide who they are. They want to tell America their story, and I have tried to help them. When they have sent us their biographies, along with photographs, I have come to the floor on about a hundred different oc-casions to tell the stories of these DREAMers. Each one, in my esti-mation, is more amazing than the next, and today is no exception. This is Rey Pineda. In 1990, when Rey was 2 years old, his family came to the United States from Mexico. Rey grew up in Atlanta, GA. He worked hard and was an honor roll student in high school. He became the first member of his family to attend college. In 2010, he graduated with a major in philosophy from Southern Catholic College in Dawsonville, GA. Rey is a devout Catholic, and he de-cided to attend Mundelein Seminary in my home State of Illinois. Rey felt that God was calling him to be a priest, but his spiritual path was blocked. Rey is undocumented. Rey is a DREAMer. Then, in 2012, everything changed. President Obama’s Executive action es-tablished DACA. In March of 2013, Rey was approved, filed his fee, went through the background check, and did everything he was asked to do. He re-ceived his DACA status, and he knew that at least for 2 years he would not be subject to deportation. That allowed him to become a deacon in the Catholic Church 2 months later, in May of 2013. In 2014, Rey entered the priesthood after he graduated magna cum laude from Mundelein Seminary in Illinois. He has a master of divinity degree. Today, Father Rey Pineda is a priest at the Cathedral of Christ the King in At-lanta, GA. He wrote me a letter, and here is what he said about DACA: 
Like many Dreamers, the U.S. is really the only country I know. DACA was an answer to many years of prayers. Without DACA I would not have been able to serve as a priest in my community. I believe my faith in God has brought me to this point in my life; but my faith in America’s promise has pushed me to keep fighting for peace, justice, and opportunity in this great country I proudly call home. 
If DACA is eliminated—and that threat has been made—Father Rey Pineda will lose his legal status and be subject to deportation, being sent back to a country that he hasn’t lived in since he was 2 years old. That would be a tragedy for Father Rey Pineda and his congregation and the hundreds of people who count on him as their priest. Consider this: There is a chronic shortage of Catholic priests in Amer-ica. Since 1975, the number of priests has declined by 33 percent while the number of American Catholics has grown by 43 percent. Hundreds of par-ishes have been forced to close or con-solidate. Nearly one out of five Catho-lic parishes in America have no priest. This shortage of priests is not lim-ited to the Catholic Church. The prob-lem is so serious that Congress has es-tablished a religious worker visa to allow people from overseas to come in on a visa and serve as priests in com-munities. It is happening all across my State of Illinois, and I bet it is hap-pening in Iowa. If you go to parishes in rural areas, there will be priests from all over the world. I recently met one in Rome who was in Southern Illinois at Pinckneyville, and he was from Ni-geria. At a time when the United States is actively importing ministers and priests from foreign countries, why do we want to deport Father Rey Pineda? This makes no sense. Listen to what Father Rey told me about his role as a priest who is an undocumented immi-grant: 
I believe my entire journey has prepared me to be compassionate with the sufferings of many people I encounter. I look at my ministry as a calling to build bridges be-tween people from all walks of life. Diversity sometimes brings challenges between people and I want to help heal those differences. 
After the most divisive election in recent memory, I believe that Father Rey Pineda and other DREAMers like him have an important role to play in healing the differences that divide America. I am hoping that President- Elect Trump will see this and will con-tinue the DACA program. Let me be clear. If there is an at-tempt to shut down DACA, I will do ev-erything in my power as a U.S. Senator to protect the DREAMers who have stepped forward and contributed their talents to our great country. Many of those DREAMers and their parents spoke to me that day at Navy Pier and ever since. They said: Sen-ator, are you sure? Are you sure that we should sign up with this govern-ment? We have spent a lifetime trying to stay out of trouble, stay out of the view of people, not cause any problems, go about our business, raise our fami-lies, do our jobs, go to our church. If our children register with this govern-ment, will that come back at a future time and be used against us? At the time, I said—and I believe it now—that America would stand behind these young people. We will not allow them to be deported after what they have been through. We will not tell them that by complying with the re-quirements of our government, you have penalized yourself in the future. We want to give them a chance. Now is the time for America, this Nation of immigrants, to heal the wounds that divided us during this election. Let’s start with the DREAMers, let’s start with DACA, let’s start with the young people who will make America better and stronger in the years to come. They are the best in this country. Let’s make them the best for America’s fu-ture. I hope and pray the President- elect’s words and actions in the coming weeks and months will, in fact, bring us together. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
21ST CENTURY CURES BILL Ms. WARREN. Madam President, 3 weeks ago Americans went to the polls. Voters were deeply divided on whether Democrats or Republicans should be in charge. Donald Trump is the President- elect, missing the popular vote by more than 2 million people. But there is one thing Americans are not divided on, one issue on which they sent out a message loud and clear. According to exit polls, 70 percent of voters said that they think the American economy and the lawmakers who oversee it are owned—owned—by big companies and special interests. That is 70 percent of everyone—Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. In the closing days of this Congress, Big Pharma has its hand out for a bunch of special giveaways and favors that are packed together in something called the 21st Century Cures bill. It is on track to get a vote in the House this week and then get rammed through the Senate. I have been taking a look at the details, and when the American voters say that Congress is owned by big companies, this bill is exactly what they are talking about. Now we face a choice: Will this Con-gress say ‘‘Yes, we are bought and paid for’’ or will we stand up and work for the American people? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.006 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6509 November 28, 2016 
For more than 2 years, Congress has been working on legislation to help ad-vance medical innovation in the United States. Medical innovation is power-fully important, and I have spent as much time working on this issue as anything I have worked on since I joined the U.S. Senate. From the be-ginning, I have emphasized one obvious fact: Medical breakthroughs come from increasing investments in basic re-search. Right now, Congress is choking off investments in the NIH. Adjusted for inflation, Federal spending on med-ical research over the past dozen years has been cut by 20 percent. Those cuts take the legs out from under future medical innovations in America. We can name a piece of legislation the ‘‘Cures’’ bill, but if it doesn’t in-clude significant, meaningful funding for the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration, it won’t cure anything. That is why months ago Senate Democrats said any so-called Cures legislation must have significant investment in medical re-search, and that is why Senate Repub-licans publicly committed to do ex-actly that. But now they have reneged on their promise and let Big Pharma hijack the Cures bill. This final deal has only a tiny fig leaf of funding for NIH and for the opioid crisis, and most of that fig leaf isn’t even real. Most of the money won’t be there unless future Congresses pass fu-ture bills in future years to fund those dollars. So why bother with a fig leaf in the Cures bill? Why pretend to give money to NIH or opioids? This funding is po-litical cover for huge giveaways to giant drug companies. There are more examples than I can count in this bill. But I am going to talk about three. First giveaway: Legalize fraud. You know, it is against the law for drug companies to market drugs for uses not approved by the FDA. Now, some drug companies find this rule annoying. After all, they can make a lot more money selling a headache pill as a cure for everything from hair loss to cancer. But pushing treatments without sci-entific evidence that they work is fraud—fraud that can hurt people. It also undercuts the development of real cures. That is why some of the largest law enforcement actions against big drug companies over the past 15 years have involved off-label marketing. Drug companies have paid billions of dollars in penalties. Now, one solution would be for those companies to follow the law. But they prefer plan B: Cozy up to enough people in Congress to pass this Cures bill that would shoot holes in the anti-fraud law. In other words, make it easier for drug companies to get away with fraud. Second giveaway: Cover up bribery. Right now the law requires drug com-panies to disclose the buckets of money they shower on doctors and hospitals to encourage them to prescribe certain drugs. It is, by the way, all published on a government Web site. You can go look up your doctor and your hospital right now online, if you want to do that. Now, the drug companies could have responded by ending kickbacks to doc-tors. But instead, they have chosen plan B again: Cozy up to enough people in Congress to pass this Cures bill, which would let drug companies keep secret any splashy junkets or gifts as-sociated with so-called medical edu-cation and make it harder for enforce-ment agencies to be able to trace those bribes. Senator G
RASSLEY , a Repub-lican from Iowa, says he is outraged by this provision. I have to say that I am with Senator G
RASSLEY on this one. Third giveaway: Hand out dangerous special deals to Republican campaign contributors. According to news re-ports, a major Republican donor stands to benefit financially from selling cel-lular and regenerative medical thera-pies. If this guy had it his way, he would be able to sell them to desperate people without a final FDA determina-tion that those therapies were either safe or effective. Of course, that would be against the law right now. So this megadonor has poured millions of dollars into M
ITCH M
CCONNELL ’s personal campaign cof-fers, and into his Republican super PAC, and now he wants his reward. The Cures Act offers to sell government fa-vors. It delivers a special deal so that people can sell these treatments with-out meeting the FDA gold standards for protecting patient safety and mak-ing sure that these drugs actually do some good. Keep in mind that people could die from using unproven treatments. In fact, people have already died during carefully controlled research experi-ments on these types of treatments. Congress should not be in the business of selling FDA favors to the highest bidders, risking people’s lives to enrich political donors. Let’s be clear. What the Republicans are proposing is cor-rupt, and it is very, very dangerous. There is more. Republicans decided to hand out gifts for other special in-terests. The Cures Act, a bill that is supposed to be about medical innova-tion, has a giveaway to the gun lobby. The bill cuts Medicare funding. It raids money from the Affordable Care Act. It takes health care dollars that should have gone to Puerto Rico. It makes it harder for people with disabilities to get Medicaid services. There is a lot of bad stuff in this bill—a lot of bad stuff. But not everything in the bill is bad. Republican leaders are playing a crafty game here, trying to buy off Demo-cratic votes, one by one, by tacking on good, bipartisan proposals that Sen-ators in both parties have worked on in good faith for years. There is a bipartisan mental health bill. There are bipartisan provisions protecting the genetic privacy of pa-tients and bipartisan provisions to give some very limited funding for impor-tant priorities, such as the national opioid crisis. There is the Vice Presi-dent’s Cancer Moonshot. There is a proposal in here to improve foster care. I support most of these proposals. I have worked on many of them for years. I even wrote some of them my-self. If this bill becomes law, there is no question it will contain some real legislative accomplishments. But I cannot vote for this bill. I will fight it because I know the differences between compromise and extortion. Com-promise is putting together common-sense health proposals supported by Democrats, by Republicans, and by most of the American people, and pass-ing them into law. Extortion is holding those exact same proposals hostage unless every-one agrees to special favors for cam-paign donors and giveaways to the richest drug companies in the world. Compromise is when Senators—Demo-crats and Republicans—find a way for-ward on issues that matter to their constituents. Extortion is telling those same Senators to forget what their constituents want. We will do nothing with the skyrocketing costs of pre-scription drugs and nothing to increase medical research. Instead, every important common-sense bipartisan bill on mental health, genetic privacy, opioid addiction, fos-ter care, and anything else will die today unless Democrats agree to make it easier for drug companies to commit fraud, to give out kickbacks, and to put patients’ lives at risk. This demand is enough to make me gag. Scientists who invent new cures should be celebrated, along with the companies that support them. But let me be perfectly clear. While the drug industry may get a seat at the table, they do not own the table. I do not care how many armies of lawyers and lobby-ists they send out. I do not care how many campaign contributions they dump into congressional pockets. I do not care how painful they can make life for politicians who oppose them. I will not be their lackey. I will work for the hundreds of thousands of sci-entists and doctors who are committed to saving lives and who are waiting for Congress to fund their work. I will work for the millions of families that have been touched by Alzheimer’s, dia-betes, cancer, and other deadly diseases who are counting on this research. I will work for the 70 percent of vot-ers who are sick of a Congress that is owned by big donors and giant corpora-tions. Republicans are taking over Con-gress. They are taking over the White House. But Republicans do not have majority support in this country. The majority of voters supported Demo-cratic Senate candidates over Repub-lican ones. The majority supported a Democratic Presidential candidate over a Republican one. The American people did not give Democrats majority support so we can come back to Washington and play dead. They did not send us here to whimper, whine, or grovel. They sent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.007 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6510 November 28, 2016 
us here to say no to efforts to sell Con-gress to the highest bidder. They sent us here to stand up for what is right. Now they are watching, waiting, and hoping—hoping that we will show some spine and start fighting back when Congress ignores the message of the American people and returns to the old ways of doing business. Republicans will control this govern-ment, but they cannot hand that con-trol over to big corporations unless Democrats roll over and allow them to do so. It is time for Democrats—Demo-crats and Republicans, who should be ashamed by this kind of corruption—to make it clear exactly who they work for. Does the Senate work for Big Pharma, which hires lobbyists and peo-ple who make giant campaign con-tributions, or does the Senate work for the American people who actually sent us here? I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). The Senator from Texas. 
f 
COMMENTS OF THE SENATOR FROM MASSACHUSETTS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I con-fess that I came to the floor to talk about some of the nominations that we are going to see coming from the ad-ministration, particularly regarding one of our colleagues, Senator S
ES-
SIONS , the Senator from Alabama, to be the next Attorney General. I am somewhat taken aback by the nature of the comments that I hear coming from the Senator from Massa-chusetts. I had to refresh my memory of the Senate Standing Rules, which I thought prohibited this sort of ad hominem attack—the claims of corrup-tion, selling legislation for campaign contributions. I thought the rules of decorum of the Senate prohibited that sort of demagoguery. But I am not sure you can write a rule that would prohibit somebody who is actually determined to defy the very voters they claim to be representing. If our Democratic colleagues like the re-sult of the election that just occurred on November 8, I would say: Keep on keeping on. Keep on with this same sort of ad hominem attacks and at-tacking the motivation of people, rath-er than talking about policy. I thought that is what the Senate was supposed to be all about—not where we come in here and call each other names. It is no wonder that the American people are turned off by what they see as politics as usual. I think what they told us on November 8 is that they actually would like to see us accomplish some things—first of all, starting with listening to them, not telling them what is good for them and saying: Well, if you don’t like it, you are going to have to take it because the people in power, the people work-ing in Washington, the elites in Amer-ica know better than you do what is good for you. So when I hear the Senator from Massachusetts come in and give essen-tially a political speech, such as she did, not talking about the merits or the policy but rather making personal attacks against Senators and people who support the policy, I just think this is beneath the dignity of the Sen-ate. I would hope we would rise to the oc-casion, in the wake of this historic election and say: You know what, we can do better. The American people de-serve better than what they have been getting coming out of Washington. The only way we are going to be able to turn this country around is by, first of all, listening to what the American people are telling us. We know what they said is this: We are not happy with the direction of the country, and we are not happy with what is hap-pening in Washington. To come in and make the kind of speeches that I just heard a moment ago is disturbing. It is disappointing. We can do better than that. We must do better than that if we are going to regain the confidence of the American people that we are actually worthy of their support as we try to guide this ship of state and try to pass laws that actually will improve the quality of their lives by growing the economy, by making it possible for people to find work who want work so they can pro-vide for their families, to try to make sure that the American people are safe and secure, and to provide for our com-mon defense. Those are the sorts of things we ought to be focused on. So it is a little distressing to walk into this Chamber, in what used to be known as the world’s greatest deliberative body, and to hear the sort of diatribe and the per-sonal attacks and the name calling that we just heard from the Senator from Massachusetts. 
f 
ATTORNEY GENERAL NOMINATION Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the rea-son I came to the floor is to make note of the fact, as I alluded to a moment ago, that President-Elect Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate one of our own, a Member of the Senate, to be the Nation’s top law enforcement officer. Our friend, the junior Senator from Alabama, Mr. S
ESSIONS , is undoubtedly qualified and prepared for this role as Attorney General because of the long career he spent protecting and defend-ing our Constitution and the rule of law. If there is one thing we can do in the U.S. Government to help restore the public’s confidence, it will be to re-embrace the concept of equal justice under the law and ensure there is not a double standard by which people are judged—the powerful, the well-con-nected, and then the rules that apply to everybody else—but, rather, that the same rules apply to all of us. The same laws apply to all of us. In fact, that is the bulwark of our constitutional democracy. Frankly, I think the American people have seen, in the last two Attorneys General—the current one and her predecessor, Mr. Holder—is essentially an office of the Department of Justice that was not worthy of the name ‘‘Justice.’’ It should have been called an extension of the White House political operation be-cause so much of the way they con-ducted themselves was governed not by the rule of law but by political consid-erations. Our friend, the Senator from Ala-bama, understands firsthand the im-portance of hard work as well. He is the son of a country store owner from Hybart, AL. He received his law degree from the University of Alabama. He served in the U.S. Army Reserves. As we know, his service didn’t stop there. Guided by a sense of duty for the last five decades, JEFF SESSIONS has dedicated his life to the State of Ala-bama and to the United States itself, first as a Federal prosecutor—including 12 years as U.S. attorney for the South-ern District of Alabama, then as the State’s attorney general, and now in the Senate where he has served with distinction for the last decade-plus. Above all, J
EFFSESSIONS has worked for the people of his State and this country with one purpose in mind; that is, to uphold the rule of law. His career in the Senate reflects this earnest commitment to do what is right, not what is popular, not what is politically convenient but to do what is right, guided by the Constitution, the laws, and inspired by the people he was elected to serve. He has been a defender of our military families and played a leading role in ensuring that rural communities have the health care they need. I understand the long knives are al-ready starting to come out against President-Elect Trump’s nominees and that Senator S
ESSIONS —our colleague from Alabama—is not going to be spared some of those attacks, but I would ask some of these critics who don’t know his entire record to con-sider the fact that a few years ago he teamed up with the senior Senator from Illinois to reform sentencing charges on crack cocaine, sentencing charges that disproportionately dis-criminate against African-American communities. It was a bipartisan solution that in J
EFF’s words, ‘‘achieve fairness with-out impeding our ability to combat drug violence.’’ I would also ask these critics to con-sider the bill he introduced with Sen-ator Ted Kennedy, the now-departed ‘‘liberal lion of the Senate,’’ to use grant funding to reduce sexual assaults in prison. The legislation requires the Department of Justice to keep track of these assaults, and it was signed into law by President George W. Bush. Taken legislatively, these are not the sorts of actions that fit this distorted picture that some of the critics are al-ready starting to draw about Senator S
ESSIONS and his record in the Senate or his character as a man. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.013 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6511 November 28, 2016 
I have had the honor of working closely with J
EFFon the Senate Judici-ary Committee since I came to the Senate, and I am proud to call him a friend. Those who have watched him day-in and day-out understand his stal-wart commitment to the rule of law and his deep and abiding concern for our country. Of course, we wouldn’t be Senators if we didn’t sometimes disagree with each other. It is just normal, but Senator S
ESSIONS has always engaged with seri-ousness and cordiality and the kind of civility this Chamber and this country could use more of. By the strength of his arguments, he has helped us all to see the weaknesses in our own argu-ments as he has worked together with his colleagues to try to help us build consensus, which is the only way we get anything done and the way our con-stitutional system was designed. Only by building consensus can we move our country forward. We are going to miss Senator S
ES-
SIONS in the Senate when he moves on to the executive branch as Attorney General, but it is even more important, at this point in this country’s history, to have a champion of the Constitution and the rule of law at the Department of Justice and to help restore the rep-utation of that Department. As I said earlier, for years now—dur-ing the course of Attorney General Holder’s tenure and unfortunately suc-ceeded by Attorney General Lynch— the Department of Justice has twisted the Constitution to further the Presi-dent’s political agenda. I give just one example. When Con-gress was performing its legitimate oversight responsibilities into a gun- running operation gone wrong called Fast and Furious, Attorney General Holder was called before the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, called before our corresponding House committee, and simply defied those committees’ lawful and appropriate oversight responsibil-ities over what the Department of Jus-tice was doing. To my knowledge, this resulted in his having been the first Attorney General to be held in contempt of Congress—a sitting Attorney General of the United States held in contempt of Congress. Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-tration put politics ahead of our na-tional commitment to the rule of law and too often demonized those who worked to protect us. I have every con-fidence that Senator S
ESSIONS , as the Attorney General of the United States, the head of the Department of Justice, and the Trump administration will de-fend the rule of law and will use his ex-pertise in the Constitution to play an essential role in our President-elect’s Cabinet. As a 15-year veteran of the De-partment, Senator S
ESSIONS under-stands better than most what needs to be done to help the Department of Jus-tice refocus its responsibilities and its priorities. Here is the bottom line. We need peo-ple in the highest rungs of our govern-ment who will ensure our Constitution is preserved, protected, and defended. Senator SESSIONS , as the next Attorney General of the United States, will do just that. 
f 
GETTING OUR WORK DONE Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, while the President-elect is considering addi-tional nominees to fill his Cabinet, we in the Senate—working together with our House colleagues—have our own re-sponsibilities to fulfill before the end of this year. Most pressing is legislation to fund the government, something that unfor-tunately has been hindered by our Democratic colleagues slow-walking the appropriations process. Actually, calling it slow-walking is a little too generous. What they did is block the normal appropriations process, where the 12 separate appropriations bills would be voted out of committee— which they were, on a bipartisan basis—but then they would come across the floor of the Senate where amendments would be offered, and we would actually vote on them before sending them to the President to be signed into law. Instead of this normal process— which is transparent, it is bipartisan, in the best traditions of the Senate— we were denied the opportunity to do that, resulting now in our need to pass a year-end continuing resolution, kick-ing the funding of the government over to perhaps sometime in the spring. This was strictly as a result of the gamesmanship of our colleagues, many of them blocking the same appropria-tions bills they voted for, on a bipar-tisan basis, before the Appropriations Committee itself. Despite those obstructions, we have actually tried to do some good work. We passed our first bicameral budget since 2009. As I said, the Appropriations Committee voted out all 12 appropria-tions bills. Despite the obstructionism we have seen and despite where we find our-selves, I ask all of us to take stock of where we are, given what we saw hap-pen in the historic election of Novem-ber 8. I think the American people have made very clear they want the govern-ment to function and they don’t have a lot of tolerance for gamesmanship or partisanship or obstruction, but we cannot move forward with other sub-stantial legislative goals until we ad-dress funding for the remainder of this fiscal year. While I am disappointed we find ourselves where we are today— having to pass another short-term con-tinuing resolution until next March or so—this waiting until the last minute is not a good way to do business. I hope next year, with the new administration and with the leadership of Senator M
CCONNELL , Speaker R YAN in the House, and with more cooperation from our Democratic colleagues, we can have a regular and open appropriations process, one that will serve the Amer-ican people much better. It will cer-tainly serve the interests of the De-fense Department and other people who need to be able to plan beyond 2 months or 3 months in terms of what they can do with the money Congress is going to appropriate. Until then, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to set aside the disputes we have had over the last year and the election itself——which I know some are finding it easier to see the re-sults of the election in the rearview mirror than others, as evidenced by the comments I heard from the Senator from Massachusetts when I came to the floor—but we need to pass a bill that will fund the government and allow us to move forward. I hope we can do that. Then, once we have completed the work for this year, we can come back in the new year with a new administra-tion, a new Congress, and recommit ourselves to doing the people’s work and doing it in a consensus-building, bipartisan way that listens to what our constituents are telling us they want, not the siren call of the people who think they know better than they do what is good for them but to listen to the American people and then get about the work of passing legislation which promotes their interests. This is first to assure for the common defense but, secondly, to make sure our econ-omy starts to grow again so people who want to find work or want better pay-ing jobs can find work available so they can provide for their families and pursue their American dream. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.015 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6512 November 28, 2016 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA, November 28, 2016. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–72, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to Poland for defense articles and services estimated to cost $200 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–72 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Poland (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 110 million Other: $ 90 million Total: $ 200 million (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Seventy (70) AGM–158B Joint Air-to-Sur-face Standoff Missiles Extended Range (JASSM–ER) Two (2) AGM–158B Flight Test Vehicles— Live Fire with TIK & FTS Two (2) AGM–158B Mass Simulant Vehicles One (1) AGM–158B Flight Test Vehicle— Captive Carry Three (3) AGM–158B Separation Test Vehi-cles Non-MDE includes: Two (2) AGM–158B Weapon System Simula-tors, F–16 operational flight plan upgrade for the Polish F–16C/D, JASSM–ER integration, missile containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D– YAD). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: PL–D–SAC, PL–D–YAB and amendments. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc.. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 28. 2016. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Poland—JASSM–ER with Support The Government of Poland has requested a possible sale of seventy (70) AGM–158B Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missiles Extended Range (JASSM–ER), two (2) AGM–158B Flight Test Vehicles, two (2) AGM–158B Mass Simulant Vehicles, one (1) AGM–158B Flight Test Vehicle—Captive Carry, three (3) AGM– 158B Separation Test Vehicles. Also included are two (2) AGM–158B Weapon System Sim-ulators, F–16 operational flight plan upgrade for the Polish F–16C/D, JASSM–ER integra-tion, missile containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publica-tions and technical documentation, per-sonnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. The total estimated program value is $200 million. The proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and the national security ob-jectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a NATO ally. Poland continues to be an important force for polit-ical stability and economic progress in Cen-tral Europe. The proposed sale will improve Poland’s capability to meet current and future threats of enemy air and ground weapons systems. Poland will use the enhanced capa-bility as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. These weapon and capabilities upgrades will allow Poland to strengthen its air-to-ground strike capabilities and increase its contribution to future NATO operations. Poland will have no difficulty absorbing these missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be the Lockheed Martin Corporation of Ft. Worth, Texas. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Poland. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–72 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology 1. The AGM–158B JASSM ER is an ex-tended range low-observable, highly surviv-able subsonic cruise missile designed to pen-etrate next generation air defense systems en-route to target. It is designed to kill hard, medium-hardened, soft and area type tar-gets. The extended range over the baseline was obtained by going from a turbo-jet to a turbo-fan engine and by reconfiguring the fuel tanks for added capacity. Classification of the technical data and information on the AGM–158’s performance, capabilities, sys-tems, sub-systems, operations, and mainte-nance will range from UNCLASSIFIED to SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 3. A determination has been made that Po-land can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This proposed sale is necessary to fur-ther the US foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to Poland. f 
REMOVAL OF NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, now more than ever, we need strong leader-ship at the FCC to protect consumers from consolidated powers in the tele-communications industry. Nonconten-tious issues should be passed and im-plemented so Americans have access to wireless broadband and voice services in their communities and access to video programming for the blind and visually impaired can be expanded and consumers can be protected from ex-cessive cable and internet costs. I was given the assurance that Com-missioner Rosenworcel is committed to working toward consensus on all items before the Commission this year, in-cluding the Mobility Fund that pro-vides support for wireless and voice service in rural America. For that rea-son, I lift my hold on her nomination. f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, today I wish to express my profound apprecia-tion and best wishes to my friend, Alejandro Mayorkas, who recently stepped down as the Deputy Secretary of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. During his 7 years of public serv-ice at DHS, Ali has been a dedicated and thoughtful leader and was instru-mental to the advancement and accom-plishments at the Department. Ali arrived at DHS in 2009 with an al-ready impressive record in public serv-ice which included over 20 years of dis-tinguished service in law enforcement. As an assistant U.S. attorney for the Central District of California, he ag-gressively prosecuted drug traffickers, human smugglers, and violent crimi-nals. As U.S. attorney for the Central District of California, he led the larg-est Federal judicial office in the United States and was appointed by then At-torney General Janet Reno to serve on her advisory committee on ethics and government. Ali continued his public service as the Director of U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services, USCIS, where he oversaw a $3 billion annual budget and led a workforce of 18,000 in-dividuals. To that end, Ali’s accom-plishments as the USCIS Director in-cluded the development of the special parole program which worked to rescue children who tragically lost their par-ents to the January 2010 earthquake in Haiti. He continued his humanitarian efforts and dedication to help orphan children by creating a program that al-lowed international adoption of or-phans in Guatemala. These stunning achievements have been widely praised by many who have had the honor to work alongside Ali. In his most recent role as Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, Ali served as the second-in-command of the third largest Department in the U.S. Government. In this role, Ali en-sured that a $60 billion budget was spent wisely and effectively, while at the same time leading a workforce of nearly 230,000 individuals. Like a true leader, Ali understands the importance of taking care of the Department’s em-ployees and recognizes that they are its greatest asset. He worked tirelessly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.015 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6513 November 28, 2016 
to increase employee morale and, for the last few years, was particularly fo-cused on improving employee engage-ment with senior leaders. His steadfast dedication to this effort, along with those of Secretary Jeh Johnson, re-sulted in rising employee satisfaction at DHS this past year. Ali’s commit-ment to making the Department a more unified entity is yet another ex-ample of his extraordinary ability to mobilize, manage, and lead people with integrity and selflessness. Ali’s achievements are not limited to domestic operations. As the highest ranking Cuban American in the Obama administration, Ali secured the first homeland security agreement with the Government of Cuba, allowing in-creased trade, sea and air travel, and tourism between the two nations. His work to facilitate international trade, redesign the Nation’s refugee admis-sions process, and enhance the Visa Waiver Program has resulted in many successful international partnerships. In order to ensure our Nation’s pro-tection in cyber security, Ali has worked closely with international lead-ers to promote cyber security research and innovation, which has ultimately created a more reliable and effective cyber space at home and abroad. For instance, Ali led delegations in negoti-ating a cyber security partnership with the State of Israel, as well as the De-partment’s negotiation of a cyber secu-rity agreement with China. These ef-forts and others have been fundamental to the protection of our Nation’s cyber community. Under his leadership, the Depart-ment’s key counterterrorism efforts have been significantly strengthened. Ali improved national security vetting protocols, enhanced aviation and bor-der security, and distributed counter-terrorism intelligence to State, local, and tribal law enforcement. This col-laboration has enhanced the Federal Government’s national security part-nership with first responders and has allowed for a more reliable and fruitful system. During a time filled with constant threats and endangerments, Ali has continually proven to be a vital leader of DHS operations, ultimately ensuring that our Nation is a safe and secure place. I wish Ali, his wife, Tanya, and their family all the best in this next chapter in their lives. I sincerely thank him for his invaluable service to the Department and to our Nation. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF SALINE, MICHIGAN ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 150th anniversary of the city of Saline, MI, which was in-corporated as a village in 1866. I appre-ciate the opportunity to celebrate the history of this wonderful community, which has been consistently ranked as one of the best places to live in the United States. Before Europeans first settled the area, Native Americans frequently ca-noed from Lake Erie or traveled over six different trails to hunt in the area and harvest salt, which they used do-mestically and for trade. In fact, it was the discovery of this important min-eral that inspired French voyageurs to name the local river Saline after the French word for ‘‘salt’’. Following the War of 1812, the U.S. Government rec-ognized the need for a military road connecting Detroit and Chicago and hired Mr. Orange Risdon to survey the new route, which would eventually be known as U.S. 12 or Michigan Avenue. Risdon, enchanted by the land around Saline, decided to settle in the area. Risdon purchased 164 acres from the U.S. Government on April 5, 1825, built a house, and began promoting the area to English and German settlers from New England and New York, as well as a small number of African-American families. The families that joined Risdon agreed to name their new com-munity Saline, which was platted as an unincorporated village in 1832 and be-came an incorporated village in 1866 after consolidating with the neigh-boring settlement of Barnegat in 1848. As an important stop for stagecoaches traveling between Detroit and Chicago, Saline attracted a num-ber of artisan workshops and mills to complement its local agricultural in-dustry. A desire for an affordable and reliable way to transport crops to mar-ket inspired farmers and merchants in Saline to raise funds for a railroad line connecting the community with Hills-dale and Ypsilanti, which opened for service on July 4, 1870. The railroad served Saline for nearly 100 years, transporting apples, wool, lumber and livestock, as well as finished goods sold in local stores. By 1875, Saline was the principal agricultural shipping point in southeast Michigan, with 700 residents who enjoyed a 3-story school building, 4 churches, 3 flouring-mills, 2 tanneries, a foundry, 2 hotels, several stores, a newspaper, and daily mail. Saline continued to grow over the 20th century, even during the Great Depression. The Old Union School was demolished in 1930 and replaced by an Art Deco building that continued to serve as the community’s school. In 1932, Saline Valley Farms was estab-lished. This farming cooperative con-sisted of 1,000 acres and attracted struggling families during the Great Depression. Over 100 people lived on the farm with their families, working coop-eratively in the farm’s dairy, orchards, poultry house, and gardens. The farm’s success encouraged members to sell goods to the public with a storefront, as well as delivery vans that brought fresh produce and canned goods to De-troit and its suburbs. Many of the farm’s families were attracted from outside Saline but continued to live in the area even after the venture closed in the 1950s. During World War II, many of Saline’s young men and women went to work at the Ford Assembly Plant at Willow Run, which famously produced almost half of all the B–24 Liberator heavy bombers used during the war. In the decades since, Saline has continued to be a thriving community known for its open rural vistas and small town at-mosphere. It has also continued to be an important driver of economic growth and innovation as home to a variety of major technical centers and manufacturing sites. Its nearly 10,000 residents enjoy well-maintained his-toric homes, a district library, a hos-pital, parks, recreation, art, and a mu-seum. It has held true to the words ex-pressed by Orange Risdon in 1840, when he wished that Saline would continue to ‘‘shine in light, knowledge and lib-erty with the same increasing bril-liance that she has shown from infancy to present time.’’ I am proud to rep-resent Saline in the U.S. Senate, and I wish the community many more years of success.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JAY GRINNEY ∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today I would like to take the opportunity to recognize Mr. Jay Grinney, the presi-dent and chief executive officer of HealthSouth Corporation. Mr. Grinney will be retiring from his position at the end of 2016, and his tenure at HealthSouth has been marked with success and expansion for the company. Jay Grinney earned his bachelor’s de-gree from St. Olaf College and received a masters of business administration and a masters of health care adminis-tration from Washington University. He served as senior vice president at the Methodist hospital system in Hous-ton, the primary teaching affiliate for the Baylor College of Medicine, then went on to become president of the Eastern Group at Hospital Corporation of America, the Nation’s largest health care company. Jay Grinney has been with HealthSouth for over 20 years and served as president and CEO since 2004. Throughout his career, he has main-tained a strong work ethic and exer-cised excellent management of every organization he has led. Mr. Grinney’s leadership at HealthSouth Corporation in particular cannot be underappreciated. HealthSouth is one of the Nation’s largest providers of postacute health care services, offering both facility- based and home-based postacute serv-ices in 33 States and Puerto Rico through its inpatient rehabilitation clinics. Mr. Grinney became CEO at a critical time in HealthSouth’s history and engineered the company’s turn-around and repositioning as one of the Nation’s leading providers of postacute services. He has overseen the diver-sification of the company and ensured its financial stability and future. He led the HealthSouth acquisition of En-compass Home Health and Hospice, Re-liant Hospital Partners, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.009 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6514 November 28, 2016 
CareSouth, successfully expanding the HealthSouth network to 34 States. Along the way, he established a strong senior management team to ensure growth for HealthSouth in the years to come. For the over 20 years I have known Mr. Grinney, he has proven himself to be a man of great character, and without his guidance, HealthSouth would not be the company it is today. HealthSouth’s head corporation of-fice is located in Birmingham, AL, and HealthSouth operates five rehabilita-tion hospitals and one outpatient reha-bilitation clinic across the State. The company provides jobs to hundreds of Alabamians and quality health care to so many more. Jay Grinney’s strong leadership and dedication have enabled this company to continue to provide critical care to our communities. Mr. Grinney himself is involved with a number of community organizations, serving on the boards of directors of the Birmingham Business Alliance, where he is on the executive com-mittee, the Community Foundation of Greater Birmingham, where he is chairman of the audit committee, and the Public Affairs Research Council of Alabama. He previously served as chairman of the board of directors of the Federation of American Hospitals and as a director on the boards of di-rectors of the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute and the United Way of Cen-tral Alabama. Though Mr. Grinney was not born in Alabama, he embodies all the qualities we most appreciate and respect. I speak for the citizens of Alabama when I thank Jay Grinney for all the work he has done for our State and so many others across the country through his tenure at HealthSouth. Mr. Grinney will be greatly missed, but the effects of his leadership will guarantee the growth and success of this company for years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 21, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives, announcing that the Acting Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) had signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2754. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House.’’ H.R. 4902. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. H.R. 5873. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on November 25, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. COATS ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5711. An act to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran. H.R. 5982. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of dis-approval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5711. An act to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5982. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of dis-approval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 6297. An act to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, November 28, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2754. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7618. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Ex-port Administration Regulations’’ (RIN0694– AH15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7619. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility; Ulster County, NY, et al.’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–7620. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program for Consumer Products and Certain Commercial and Industrial Equip-ment: Final Determination of Compressors as Covered Equipment’’ (RIN1904–AC83) re-ceived in the Office of the President of Sen-ate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7621. A communication from the Sec-tion Chief of the Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Penalty Inflation Ad-justment’’ (RIN1014–AA30) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7622. A communication from the Sec-tion Chief of the Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sulfur Oper-ations on the Outer Continental Shelf—De-commissioning Costs for Pipelines’’ (RIN1014–AA32) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–7623. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–009); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7624. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–038); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7625. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–051); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7626. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–068); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7627. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–076); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7628. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–089); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7629. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–092); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28NO6.012 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6515 November 28, 2016 
EC–7630. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–062); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7631. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of Regulations and Policy Man-agement Staff, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Organiza-tion and Conforming Changes to Regulation’’ (Docket No. FDA–2012–N–0222) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7632. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of Regulations and Policy Man-agement Staff, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Reg-ulations on Citizen Petitions, Petitions for Stay of Action, and Submission of Docu-ments to Dockets’’ ((RIN0910–AG26) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0697)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7633. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE963) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7634. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE820) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7635. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2016 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for the South Atlantic Other Porgies Complex’’ (RIN0648–XE216) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7636. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2016 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for the South Atlantic Other Jacks Complex’’ (RIN0648–XE774) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7637. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; 2016–2017 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for King Mackerel in Western Zone of the Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648–XE959) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7638. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Adjust-ment to the Skate Bait Inseason Possession Limit’’ (RIN0648–XE955) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7639. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; 2016 Man-agement Area 1A Seasonal Annual Catch Limit Harvested’’ (RIN0648–XE968) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7640. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE834) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7641. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE895) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7642. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; At-lantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE868) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7643. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Gulf of Maine Cod Trimester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE811) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7644. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment to the Commercial Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit’’ (RIN0648– XE778) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7645. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; 2016 Man-agement Area 1A Seasonal Annual Catch Limit Harvested’’ (RIN0648–XE968) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7646. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2016 Gulf of Alaska Pollock Seasonal Apportion-ments’’ (RIN0648–XE837) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7647. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE851) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7648. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XE967) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7649. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE924) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7650. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Proc-essors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE879) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7651. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alas-ka’’ (RIN0648–XE835) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7652. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE828) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7653. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE745) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7654. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.003 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6516 November 28, 2016 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE828) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7655. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Ves-sels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE822) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science , and Transportation. EC–7656. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Dusky Rockfish in the West Yak-utat District of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE837) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7657. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE706) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7658. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XE795) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7659. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015–2016 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments’’ (RIN0648–BG27) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7660. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction’’ (RIN0648–XE824) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7661. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Ac-countability Measures and Closure for Blueline Tilefish in the South Atlantic Re-gion’’ (RIN0648–XE830) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7662. A communication from the Dep-uty Under Secretary for Management and Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2016 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7663. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7664. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2016 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7665. A communication from the Chair-man of the Surface Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7666. A communication from the Chair-man of the Board, Farm Credit System In-surance Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s consolidated report addressing the Federal Managers Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA or Integrity Act) and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (IG Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7667. A communication from the Chair-man of the Board, Farm Credit System In-surance Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s consolidated report addressing the Federal Managers Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA or Integrity Act) and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (IG Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7668. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Perform-ance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7669. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Perform-ance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7670. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of Social Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 827. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications (Rept. No. 114–383). S. 2206. A bill to reduce the incidence of sexual harassment and assault at the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to reauthorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commis-sioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, and to reau-thorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–384). S. 2817. A bill to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–385). S. 3059. A bill to reauthorize and amend the John H. Prescott Marine Mammal Rescue and Response Grant Program and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–386). S. 3086. A bill to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–387). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 3099. A bill to preserve and enhance salt-water fishing opportunities for recreational anglers, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–388). f ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 441, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clar-ify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 974, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit employment of children in to-bacco-related agriculture by deeming such employment as oppressive child labor. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans to pro-vide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 2219 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2219, a bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.005 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6517 November 28, 2016 
regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2748 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2748, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in pallia-tive care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assist-ant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in aca-demic palliative medicine. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide an exclu-sion from income for student loan for-giveness for students who have died or become disabled. 
S. 2873 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2873, a bill to re-quire studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes. 
S. 3348 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3348, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require candidates of major parties for the office of President to disclose re-cent tax return information. 
S. 3360 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3360, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants to support the access of marginalized youth to sexual health services, and for other purposes. 
S. 3476 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3476, a bill to waive recoupment by the United States of certain bonuses and similar benefits er-roneously received by members of the Army National Guard, and for other purposes. 
S. 3478 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3478, a bill to require continued and en-hanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic in-cidents in Europe, the safety and secu-rity of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. S. CON. RES. 30 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 30, a concurrent resolution expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 426 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 426, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that the United States should support and protect the right of women working in developing countries to safe work-places, free from gender-based violence, reprisals, and intimidation. 
S. RES. 590 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 590, a resolution commemo-rating 100 years of health care services provided by Planned Parenthood. 
S. RES. 616 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 616, a resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5112. Mr. McCONNELL (for Ms. B ALD-
WIN) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2325, to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to establish a constituent-driven pro-gram to provide a digital information plat-form capable of efficiently integrating coast-al data with decision-support tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Fed-eral capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5112. Mr. McCONNELL (for Ms. B
ALDWIN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2325, to require the Sec-retary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, to establish a constituent-driven pro-gram to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently inte-grating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes; as follows: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Digital Coast Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Digital Coast is a model approach for effective Federal partnerships with State and local government, nongovernmental or-ganizations, and the private sector. (2) Access to current, accurate, uniform, and standards-based geospatial information, tools, and training to characterize the United States coastal region is critical for public safety and for the environment, infra-structure, and economy of the United States. (3) More than half of all people of the United States (153,000,000) currently live on or near a coast and an additional 12,000,000 are expected in the next decade. (4) Coastal counties in the United States average 300 persons per square mile, com-pared with the national average of 98. (5) On a typical day, more than 1,540 per-mits for construction of single-family homes are issued in coastal counties, combined with other commercial, retail, and institutional construction to support this population. (6) Over half of the economic productivity of the United States is located within coast-al regions. (7) Highly accurate, high-resolution remote sensing and other geospatial data play an in-creasingly important role in decision mak-ing and management of the coastal zone and economy, including for— (A) flood and coastal storm surge pre-diction; (B) hazard risk and vulnerability assess-ment; (C) emergency response and recovery plan-ning; (D) community resilience to longer range coastal change; (E) local planning and permitting; (F) habitat and ecosystem health assess-ments; and (G) landscape change detection. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OASTAL REGION .—The term ‘‘coastal re-gion’’ means the area of United States waters extending inland from the shoreline to include coastal watersheds and seaward to the territorial sea. (2) C
OASTAL STATE .—The term ‘‘coastal State’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘coastal state’’ in section 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (3) F
EDERAL GEOGRAPHIC DATA COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘Federal Geographic Data Committee’’ means the interagency committee that promotes the coordinated development, use, sharing, and dissemina-tion of geospatial data on a national basis. (4) R
EMOTE SENSING AND OTHER  
GEOSPATIAL .—The term ‘‘remote sensing and other geospatial’’ means collecting, storing, retrieving, or disseminating graphical or dig-ital data depicting natural or manmade physical features, phenomena, or boundaries of the Earth and any information related thereto, including surveys, maps, charts, sat-ellite and airborne remote sensing data, im-ages, LiDAR, and services performed by pro-fessionals such as surveyors, photogrammetrists, hydrographers, geode-sists, cartographers, and other such services. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce, acting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.008 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6518 November 28, 2016 
through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE DIGITAL COAST. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a program for the provision of an ena-bling platform that integrates geospatial data, decision-support tools, training, and best practices to address coastal manage-ment issues and needs. Under the program, the Secretary shall strive to enhance resil-ient communities, ecosystem values, and coastal economic growth and development by helping communities address their issues, needs, and challenges through cost-effective and participatory solutions. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The program established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Digital Coast’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘program’’). (b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall ensure that the program provides data integration, tool development, training, documentation, dissemination, and archive by— (1) making data and resulting integrated products developed under this section read-ily accessible via the Digital Coast Internet website of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, the GeoPlatform.gov and data.gov Internet websites, and such other information distribution technologies as the Secretary considers appropriate; (2) developing decision-support tools that use and display resulting integrated data and provide training on use of such tools; (3) documenting such data to Federal Geo-graphic Data Committee standards; and (4) archiving all raw data acquired under this Act at the appropriate National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration data center or such other Federal data center as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate the activities carried out under the program to optimize data collection, sharing and integration, and to minimize duplication by— (1) consulting with coastal managers and decision makers concerning coastal issues, and sharing information and best practices, as the Secretary considers appropriate, with— (A) coastal States; (B) local governments; and (C) representatives of academia, the pri-vate sector, and nongovernmental organiza-tions; (2) consulting with other Federal agencies, including interagency committees, on rel-evant Federal activities, including activities carried out under the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Integration Act (33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.), the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.), the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.), and the Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892 et seq.); (3) participating, pursuant to section 216 of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note), in the establish-ment of such standards and common proto-cols as the Secretary considers necessary to assure the interoperability of remote sensing and other geospatial data with all users of such information within— (A) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (B) other Federal agencies; (C) State and local government; and (D) the private sector; (4) coordinating with, seeking assistance and cooperation of, and providing liaison to the Federal Geographic Data Committee pursuant to Office of Management and Budg-et Circular A–16 and Executive Order 12906 of April 14, 1994 (59 Fed. Reg. 17671), as amended by Executive Order 13286 of March 5, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 10619); and (5) developing and maintaining a best prac-tices document that sets out the best prac-tices used by the Secretary in carrying out the program and providing such document to the United States Geological Survey, the Corps of Engineers, and other relevant Fed-eral agencies. (d) FILLING NEEDS AND GAPS.—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— (1) maximize the use of remote sensing and other geospatial data collection activities conducted for other purposes and under other authorities; (2) focus on filling data needs and gaps for coastal management issues, including with respect to areas that, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, were underserved by coastal data and the areas of the Arctic that are under the jurisdiction of the United States; (3) pursuant to the Ocean and Coastal Map-ping Integration Act (33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.), support continue improvement in existing efforts to coordinate the acquisition and in-tegration of key data sets needed for coastal management and other purposes, including— (A) coastal elevation data; (B) land use and land cover data; (C) socioeconomic and human use data; (D) critical infrastructure data; (E) structures data; (F) living resources and habitat data; (G) cadastral data; and (H) aerial imagery; and (4) integrate the priority supporting data set forth under paragraph (3) with other available data for the benefit of the broadest measure of coastal resource management constituents and applications. (e) F
INANCIAL AGREEMENTS AND CON-
TRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram, the Secretary— (A) may enter into financial agreements to carry out the program, including— (i) support to non-Federal entities that participate in implementing the program; and (ii) grants, cooperative agreements, inter-agency agreements, contracts, or any other agreement on a reimbursable or non-reim-bursable basis, with other Federal, tribal, State, and local governmental and non-governmental entities; and (B) may, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, enter into such contracts with pri-vate sector entities for such products and services as the Secretary determines may be necessary to collect, process, and provide re-mote sensing and other geospatial data and products for purposes of the program. (2) F
EES.— (A) A
SSESSMENT AND COLLECTION .—The Sec- retary may assess and collect fees for the conduct of any training, workshop, or con-ference that advances the purposes of the program. (B) A
MOUNTS .—The amount of a fee under this paragraph may not exceed the sum of costs incurred, or expected to be incurred, by the Secretary as a direct result of the con-duct of the training, workshop, or con-ference, including for subsistence expenses incidental to the training, workshop, or con-ference, as applicable. (C) U
SE OF FEES .—Amounts collected by the Secretary in the form of fees under this paragraph may be used to pay for— (i) the costs incurred for conducting an ac-tivity described in subparagraph (A); or (ii) the expenses described in subparagraph (B). (3) S
URVEY AND MAPPING .—Contracts en-tered into under paragraph (1)(B) shall be considered ‘‘surveying and mapping’’ serv-ices as such term is used in and as such con-tracts are awarded by the Secretary in ac-cordance with the selection procedures in chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code. (f) OCEAN ECONOMY .—The Secretary may establish publicly available tools that track ocean and Great Lakes economy data for each coastal State. (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $4,000,000 for each fiscal year 2017 through 2021 to carry out the program. f 
OUTDOOR RECREATION JOBS AND ECONOMIC IMPACT ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 667, H.R. 4665. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4665) to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4665) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TO ENSURE FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2974, and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2974) to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2974) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOTLINE; PERFECTING AMENDMENT. 
(a) HHS F UNDING FOR TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE.—Section 107(b)(1)(B)(ii) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.014 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6519 November 28, 2016 
U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(B)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘of amounts made available for grants under paragraph (2),’’. (b) P
ERFECTING AMENDMENT .—Section 603 of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 259) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Victims of Crime Traf-ficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Victims of Traf-ficking’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect as if en-acted as part of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227). f 
DIGITAL COAST ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 660, S. 2325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2325) to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a con-stituent-driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Digital Coast Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Digital Coast is a model approach for effective Federal partnerships with State and local government, nongovernmental organiza-tions, and the private sector. (2) Access to current, accurate, uniform, and standards-based geospatial information, tools, and training to characterize the United States coastal region is critical for public safety and for the environment, infrastructure, and econ-omy of the United States. (3) More than half of all people of the United States (153,000,000) currently live on or near a coast and an additional 12,000,000 are expected in the next decade. (4) Coastal counties in the United States aver-age 300 persons per square mile, compared with the national average of 98. (5) On a typical day, more than 1,540 permits for construction of single-family homes are issued in coastal counties, combined with other commercial, retail, and institutional construc-tion to support this population. (6) Over half of the economic productivity of the United States is located within coastal re-gions. (7) Highly accurate, high-resolution remote sensing and other geospatial data play an in-creasingly important role in decisionmaking and management of the coastal zone and economy, including for— (A) flood and coastal storm surge prediction; (B) hazard risk and vulnerability assessment; (C) emergency response and recovery plan-ning; (D) community resilience to longer range coastal change; (E) local planning and permitting; (F) habitat and ecosystem health assessments; and (G) landscape change detection. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OASTAL REGION .—The term ‘‘coastal re-gion’’ means the area of United States waters extending inland from the shoreline to include coastal watersheds and seaward to the terri-torial sea. (2) C
OASTAL STATE .—The term ‘‘coastal State’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘coastal state’’ in section 304 of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453). (3) F
EDERAL GEOGRAPHIC DATA COMMITTEE .— The term ‘‘Federal Geographic Data Committee’’ means the interagency committee that promotes the coordinated development, use, sharing, and dissemination of geospatial data on a national basis. (4) R
EMOTE SENSING AND OTHER GEOSPATIAL .— The term ‘‘remote sensing and other geospatial’’ means collecting, storing, retrieving, or dissemi-nating graphical or digital data depicting nat-ural or manmade physical features, phenomena, or boundaries of the Earth and any information related thereto, including surveys, maps, charts, satellite and airborne remote sensing data, im-ages, LiDAR, and services performed by profes-sionals such as surveyors, photogrammetrists, hydrographers, geodesists, cartographers, and other such services. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration. 
SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE DIGITAL COAST. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish a program for the provision of an enabling plat-form that integrates geospatial data, decision- support tools, training, and best practices to ad-dress coastal management issues and needs. Under the program, the Secretary shall strive to enhance resilient communities, ecosystem val-ues, and coastal economic growth and develop-ment by helping communities address their issues, needs, and challenges through cost-effec-tive and participatory solutions. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The program established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Digital Coast’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘program’’). (b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall ensure that the program provides data integration, tool develop-ment, training, documentation, dissemination, and archive by— (1) making data and resulting integrated products developed under this section readily accessible via the Digital Coast Internet website of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, the GeoPlatform.gov and data.gov Internet websites, and such other information distribution technologies as the Secretary con-siders appropriate; (2) developing decision-support tools that use and display resulting integrated data and pro-vide training on use of such tools; (3) documenting such data to Federal Geo-graphic Data Committee standards; and (4) archiving all raw data acquired under this Act at the appropriate National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration data center or such other Federal data center as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall co-ordinate the activities carried out under the pro-gram to optimize data collection, sharing and integration, and to minimize duplication by— (1) consulting with coastal managers and de-cisionmakers concerning coastal issues, and sharing information and best practices, as the Secretary considers appropriate, with— (A) coastal States; (B) local governments; and (C) representatives of academia, the private sector, and nongovernmental organizations; (2) consulting with other Federal agencies, in-cluding interagency committees, on relevant Federal activities, including activities carried out under the Ocean and Coastal Mapping Inte-gration Act (33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.), the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.), the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Obser-vation System Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.), and the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 892 et seq.); (3) participating, pursuant to section 216 of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107– 347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note), in the establishment of such standards and common protocols as the Secretary considers necessary to assure the interoperability of remote sensing and other geospatial data with all users of such informa-tion within— (A) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (B) other Federal agencies; (C) State and local government; and (D) the private sector; (4) coordinating with, seeking assistance and cooperation of, and providing liaison to the Fed-eral Geographic Data Committee pursuant to Office of Management and Budget Circular A– 16 and Executive Order 12906 of April 14, 1994 (59 Fed. Reg. 17671), as amended by Executive Order 13286 of March 5, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 10619); and (5) developing and maintaining a best prac-tices document that sets out the best practices used by the Secretary in carrying out the pro-gram and providing such document to the United States Geological Survey, the Corps of Engineers, and other relevant Federal agencies. (d) FILLING NEEDS AND GAPS.—In carrying out the program, the Secretary shall— (1) maximize the use of remote sensing and other geospatial data collection activities con-ducted for other purposes and under other au-thorities; (2) focus on filling data needs and gaps for coastal management issues, including with re-spect to areas that, as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, were underserved by coastal data and the areas of the Arctic that are under the jurisdiction of the United States; (3) pursuant to the Ocean and Coastal Map-ping Integration Act (33 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.), support continue improvement in existing efforts to coordinate the acquisition and integration of key data sets needed for coastal management and other purposes, including— (A) coastal elevation data; (B) land use and land cover data; (C) socioeconomic and human use data; (D) critical infrastructure data; (E) structures data; (F) living resources and habitat data; (G) cadastral data; and (H) aerial imagery; and (4) integrate the priority supporting data set forth under paragraph (3) with other available data for the benefit of the broadest measure of coastal resource management constituents and applications. (e) F
INANCIAL AGREEMENTS AND CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary— (A) may enter into financial agreements to carry out the program, including— (i) support to non-Federal entities that par-ticipate in implementing the program; (ii) grants, cooperative agreements, inter-agency agreements, contracts, or any other agreement on a reimbursable or non-reimburs-able basis, with other Federal, tribal, State, and local governmental and nongovernmental enti-ties; and (iii) registration fees in support of training, workshops, and conferences that advance the purposes of the program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.017 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6520 November 28, 2016 
(B) shall enter into such contracts with pri-vate sector entities for such products and serv-ices as the Secretary determines may be nec-essary to collect, process, and provide remote sensing and other geospatial data and products for purposes of the program. (2) S
URVEY AND MAPPING .—Contracts entered into under paragraph (1)(B) shall be considered ‘‘surveying and mapping’’ services as such term is used in and as such contracts are awarded by the Secretary in accordance with the selection procedures in chapter 11 of title 40, United States Code. (f) O
CEAN ECONOMY .—The Secretary may es-tablish publically available tools that track ocean and Great Lakes economy data for each coastal state (as that term is defined in section 304 of the of the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453)). (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, that the Baldwin substitute amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported substitute amendment was withdrawn. The amendment (No. 5112) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 2325), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. CONSUMER REVIEW FAIRNESS ACT OF 2016 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5111, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5111) to prohibit the use of cer-tain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5111) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 6297 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6297) to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Novem-ber 29; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the week-ly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:30 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 29, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28NO6.018 S28NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1529 November 28, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, No-vember 29, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 30 10 a.m. Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, and Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hos-pital Insurance Trust Fund, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund, and a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. SD–215 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine initial ob-servations of the new leadership at the Border Patrol. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine the dawn of artificial intelligence. SR–253 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine financial abuse of older Americans by guardians and others in power. SD–562 3 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 DECEMBER 1 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the over-sight, acquisition, testing, and employ-ment of the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) and LCS mission module pro-grams. SD–G50 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the future of counter-terrorism strategy. SD–419 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine two Govern-ment Accountability Office reports re-garding the renewable fuel standard. SD–342 DECEMBER 6 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine defeating the Iranian threat network, focusing on options for countering Iranian prox-ies. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine whether ad-ditional firewalls are needed to protect Congressional oversight staff from re-taliatory criminal referrals. SD–226 DECEMBER 7 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of the Interior’s Land Buy-Back Program for Tribal Nations, four years later. SD–628 DECEMBER 8 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development To hold hearings to examine State De-partment and United States Agency for International Development manage-ment challenges and opportunities for the next administration. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Nov 28, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M28NO8.000 E28NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1063 Monday, November 28, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6505–S6520 Measures Reported: S. 827, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communica-tions and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimi-nation among areas of the United States in the deliv-ery of such communications, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–383) S. 2206, to reduce the incidence of sexual harass-ment and assault at the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, to reauthorize the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, and to re-authorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–384) S. 2817, to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–385) S. 3059, to reauthorize and amend the John H. Prescott Marine Mammal Rescue and Response Grant Program and for other purposes, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–386) S. 3086, to reauthorize and amend the Marine De-bris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris and for other purposes, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–387) S. 3099, to preserve and enhance saltwater fishing opportunities for recreational anglers. (S. Rept. No. 114–388)
                                                                       Page S6516 
Measures Passed: Outdoor Recreation Jobs and Economic Impact Act: Senate passed H.R. 4665, to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States.
                                                              Page S6518 
National Human Trafficking Hotline: Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. 2974, to ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline, and the bill was then passed.                                                                                     Pages S6518–19 
Digital Coast Act: Senate passed S. 2325, to re-quire the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a constituent- driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-support tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
     Pages S6519–20 
McConnell (for Baldwin) Amendment No. 5112, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S6520 
Consumer Review Fairness Act: Senate passed H.R. 5111, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services of-fered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract.
                                                                 Page S6520 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6514 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6514 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S6514 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6514 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6514–16 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6516–17 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6513–14 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6517–18 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:30 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 29, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6520.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO6.REC D28NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1064 November 28, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, No-vember 29, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine Department of Defense actions concerning voluntary edu-cation programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6392, the ‘‘Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016’’; and Senate amendment to H.R. 34, the ‘‘Tsu-nami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of November 29 through December 2, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at 11 a.m., Senate will begin consid-eration of S. 2873, Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act, and vote on passage of the bill at ap-proximately 11:30 a.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: November 29, to hold hear-ings to examine Department of Defense actions con-cerning voluntary education programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. December 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the oversight, acquisition, testing, and employ-ment of the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) and LCS mission module programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: No- vember 30, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Com-petitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the dawn of ar-tificial intelligence, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: November 30, business meeting to consider the nominations of Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, and Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insur-ance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, and a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: December 1, to hold hearings to examine the future of counter-terrorism strat-egy, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: November 30, to hold hearings to examine initial obser-vations of the new leadership at the Border Patrol, 10 a.m., SD–342. December 1, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine two Government Accountability Office reports regarding the renewable fuel standard, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: November 29, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. November 30, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. December 1, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: November 30, to hold hear-ings to examine financial abuse of older Americans by guardians and others in power, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, December 1, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Force Management Levels in Iraq and Afghanistan; Readiness and Strategic Considerations’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, November 30, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the United States Preventive Services Task Force’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 30, Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Libya Five Years After Ghadafi’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, November 30, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4919, the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, November 30, Sub-committee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 5129, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO6.REC D28NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1065 November 28, 2016 ‘‘GO Act’’; H.R. 799, the ‘‘North Country National Sce-nic Trail Route Adjustment Act’’; and H.R. 3683, the ‘‘African American Civil Rights Network Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of DEA’s Confidential Source Program’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. November 30, Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Long-Term Care Insur-ance Program: Examining Premium Increases’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. December 1, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining Sexual Harassment and Gender Discrimination at the U.S. Department of Agriculture’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. December 1, Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations; and Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring the Power of the Purse: Legislative Options’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. December 2, Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations; and Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, joint hearing entitled ‘‘A SafeTrack?: Oversight of WMATA’s Safety and Maintenance’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, December 1, Full Committee, business meeting to consider an access request, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This meeting will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28NO6.REC D28NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1066 November 28, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of S. 2873, Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act, and vote on passage of the bill at approximately 11:30 a.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, November 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 5458— Veterans TRICARE Choice Act of 2016; 2) H.R. 6135— To designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 719 Church Street in Nashville, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Fred D. Thompson Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; 3) House Amendment to S. 546—RESPONSE Act of 2016; 4) House Amendment to S. 2577—Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016; 5) H.R. 5422—To ensure funding for the National Human Trafficking Hotline; 6) H.R. 5877—United States-Israel Advanced Research Partnership Act of 2016, as amended; 7) H.R. 5843—United States-Israel Cyberse-curity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2016, as amend-ed; 8) H.R. 4757—To amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in private cemeteries, as amended; 9) H.R. 5399—Ethical Patient Care for Vet-erans Act of 2016; 10) H.R. 5047—Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016; 11) H.R. 5166— WINGMAN Act, as amended; 12) H.R. 3286—HIRE Vets Act, as amended; 13) H.R. 5600—No Hero Left Untreated Act, as amended; 14) H.R. 6323—To name the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system in Long Beach, California, the ‘‘Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center’’; 15) H. Con Res. 165—Expressing the sense of Congress and reaffirming longstanding United States pol-icy in support of a direct bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and opposition to United Nations Security Council resolutions imposing a solution to the conflict; and 16) H. Con. Res. 40—En-couraging reunions of divided Korean American families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 29, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28NO6.REC D28NOPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST