Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2883 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 No. 81 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 23, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
HONORING F.M. YOUNG The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Francis Michael Young of Waco, Texas, who passed away on May 1, 2016. Mr. Young, better known as F.M., was a leading businessman and philan-thropist in Waco and central Texas. While he ran a successful business and employed hundreds of central Texans, his lasting legacy are his family’s char-itable contributions to Waco institu-tions, such as Baylor University, the Waco Mammoth National Monument, and Providence Health Center. F.M. was born on January 13, 1930, in Tours, Texas. After a series of moves, the Young family settled in Speegleville, Texas, where F.M. at-tended local schools and met Gloria Davis, who later became his loving wife of over 60 years. F.M. went into business with his brothers, R.T. and B.W., building stor-age tanks for local farmers with sur-plus military equipment. In 1948, the Young brothers created Waco’s first as-phalt plant and would begin winning and working on State highway con-tracts in 1950. Over the next 20 years, F.M. expanded the company to be one of the top five highway contractors in Texas. F.M. spent countless hours serving his local community and central Texas in a multitude of ways. He served on the board of the Waco Boys Club, the Waco Chamber of Commerce, and the Baylor/Waco Foundation. He and Glo-ria also had a rich history of donating to Waco institutions. The Youngs pro-vided concrete for the scoreboard at Baylor’s Floyd Casey Stadium, created a marina on the Brazos River for the Governor Bill and Vara Daniel Historic Village, and designed and built the Brazos Queen II, a riverboat tourist at-traction along the Brazos River. In 2007, Providence Hospital opened the F.M. and Gloria Young Tower. This facility, which was underwritten by a financial contribution from F.M. and Gloria, includes a five-story addition that provides bed space with state-of- the-art cardiac clinics and care cen-ters. The Youngs also played a vital role in the opening of the Waco Mam-moth site, an educational tourist at-traction, which was recently des-ignated a national monument by the National Park Service. Mr. Speaker, F.M. Young worked tirelessly to better our central Texas and Waco communities. He is loved by his city, and certainly left an enduring impression on central Texas. He will be forever remembered as a great philan-thropist, businessman, husband, father, grandfather, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Young family. We also lift up the family and friends of F.M. Young in our prayers. Today I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor the life and legacy of F.M. Young. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. f 
HELP FIND OUR MISSING VETS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday in Hanoi, under a giant bronze statue of Ho Chi Minh, the President of the United States announced that he was formally rescinding our country’s decades-long prohibition on the sale of military equipment to the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. Without input from Congress, in one grand, unilateral action, the President decided to reward Vietnam for its egre-gious record on human rights and its continuing crackdown on religious freedoms. But worse than that, he has surrendered a diplomatic opportunity to find out what happened to the 1,500 Americans still unaccounted for in Vietnam and Southeast Asia. It was unfortunate to see where this President’s priorities lie, but there is still time to correct that wrong. Before he leaves Vietnam, I have a message to the President, a message from the Rolling Thunder vets, Chapter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.000 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2884 May 23, 2016 
1, of South Carolina. They asked me to ask him this: Instead of using this op-portunity to reward Vietnam or to apologize for what he sees as past American wrongs, please, please, please, Mr. President, use this time in-stead to do something productive and positive and patriotic—help find our missing vets and help bring them home. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, merciful God, for giving us another day. As the various Members of this peo-ple’s House return, we ask Your bless-ing upon each as they resume the re-sponsibilities that await them. Give each the wisdom and good judgment to give credit to the office they have been honored by their constituencies to fill. Bless the work of all who serve in their various capacities here in the United States Capitol. Bless as well all who visit the Capitol this day, be they American citizens or visitors or guests of our Nation. May they be inspired by this monument to the noble idea of human freedom and its guarantee by the democratic experi-ment that is the United States. God, bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. SHERI AND ROGER CHURCH (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, May is Na-tional Foster Care Month when we rec-ognize the individuals who help Amer-ica’s children and youth who are in fos-ter care find permanent homes and connections. In North Carolina, it is hard to match the dedication of Boone resi-dents Sheri and Roger Church, who re-cently retired as foster parents after 20 years of providing a loving home to children in need. Since 1994, the Churches have fos-tered 91 children. They have been rec-ognized on numerous occasions, locally and statewide, for outstanding service to children in foster care. In 2003, Sheri was given the State’s Caring Spirit Award. In 2014, the couple was named Watauga County’s Volun-teers of the Year by the local Adult Services Coalition. The Churches have had a lasting im-pact on their community and on the children who were entrusted to their care. I wish them the very best in their retirement. 
f 
FAMILIES OF FLINT ACT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the fami-lies I represent in Flint, Michigan, are still suffering from an ongoing water crisis that left their water tainted with lead and unsafe to drink. When Americans face a humanitarian crisis, we come together to act, to pro-vide them help. That has been our tra-dition. Those are our values, and, in Congress, that is our job. For too long, the Republican-led House has not allowed a hearing, let alone a vote, on legislation that would provide that basic humanitarian relief to 100,000 people in Flint, Michigan, who still cannot drink their water, who are still suffering from the effect of lead poisoning in their water by acts of its own State government. The Families of Flint Act, legislation that I introduced, has over 155 cospon-sors. This bill at least warrants a hear-ing. There have been committee hear-ings on this question. There has been a lot of finger-pointing, a lot of argu-ment, a lot of sympathy from Members of Congress, but no action. Congress needs to do its job. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DISTRICT OFFICE MANAGER, THE HONOR-ABLE CHAKA FATTAH, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Dolores Ridley, District Office Manager, the Honorable C
HAKA  F
ATTAH , Member of Congress: HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , May 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, for testimony in a criminal case. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, D
OLORES RIDLEY , District Office Manager. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DIRECTOR OF APPROPRIATIONS, THE HON-ORABLE CHAKA FATTAH, MEM-BER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Michelle Anderson Lee, Director of Appropriations, the Honor-able C
HAKA FATTAH , Member of Con-gress: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , May 16, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, for testimony in a criminal case. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, M
ICHELLE ANDERSON LEE, Director of Appropriations. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 23, 2016 at 9:19 a.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 2577. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.002 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2885 May 23, 2016 
on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
KELSEY SMITH ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4889) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to provide call loca-tion information concerning the tele-communications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or se-rious physical injury or in order to re-spond to the user’s call for emergency services, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H. R. 4889 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kelsey Smith Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRED EMERGENCY DISCLOSURE OF CALL LOCATION INFORMATION TO LAW ENFORCEMENT. 
Section 222 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 222) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (4), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), respectively; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respec-tively; (C) by striking ‘‘Nothing in this section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) P
ERMITTED DISCLOSURES .—Nothing in this section’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED EMERGENCY DISCLOSURE OF  
CALL LOCATION INFORMATION TO LAW ENFORCE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and (c), at the request of an investigative or law enforcement officer, a provider of a covered service shall provide to such officer the call lo-cation information, or the best available loca-tion information, of a telecommunications device that is— ‘‘(A) used to place a 9–1–1 call requesting emergency assistance; or ‘‘(B) reasonably believed to be in the posses-sion of an individual that the law enforcement officer reasonably believes is in an emergency situation that involves the risk of death or seri-ous physical harm to the individual. ‘‘(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—No cause of action shall lie in any court nor shall any civil or ad-ministrative proceeding be commenced by a gov-ernmental entity against any provider of a cov-ered service, or its directors, officers, employees, agents, or vendors, for providing in good faith call location information or other information, facilities, or assistance in accordance with para-graph (2) and any regulations promulgated under such paragraph.’’; (2) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)(D)’’; and (3) in subsection (h), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) C
OVERED SERVICE .—The term ‘covered service’ means— ‘‘(A) a commercial mobile service (as defined in section 332); or ‘‘(B) an IP-enabled voice service (as defined in section 7 of the Wireless Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999 (47 U.S.C. 615b)). ‘‘(9) INVESTIGATIVE OR LAW ENFORCEMENT OF -
FICER .—The term ‘investigative or law enforce-ment officer’ has the meaning given such term in section 2510 of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
ARBANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Imagine that your child is missing. You know that she was abducted from a parking lot, but you don’t know where she is now or how to find her. Grasping for any possible lead, you ask her cell phone carrier to provide the lo-cation—and just the location—of her cell phone, hoping that it will lead you to her, but you are told they don’t re-lease that information. So you wait. You rely on others to search for your child by foot and by air, never knowing if your child is alive or if your child is dead, safe, or in pain. This nightmare came true for Missey and Greg Smith 9 years ago last week when their beloved daughter went missing outside Kansas City, Kansas. By all accounts, Kelsey Smith—pic-tured here—was a vibrant and joyful 18-year-old girl. She was preparing to attend college in the fall where she planned to join in the marching band. Kelsey loved to sing. She was the third of five siblings. Tragically, her life was cut short when she was kidnapped from a Target park-ing lot in June of 2007 just 9 days after her high school graduation, a crime caught on the store’s security cameras. Her family and her friends spent 4 an-guished days searching for her, know-ing she was in danger but unable to find her. They used every method they could think of to help locate her, but the one tool that would eventually lead to finding her body was not accessible. Kelsey’s parents contacted her cell phone provider on the day she went missing and asked them to ping her cell phone in the hopes that it would assist them in their search. Despite re-peated requests from the family and from law enforcement, it took 4 days before the Smiths were able to obtain the location data of Kelsey’s cell phone—4 days, Mr. Speaker, nearly 100 hours of not knowing where their little girl had gone, where she had been taken, or if they would ever see her again. Yet, within 45 minutes of receiv-ing that location data, when they fi-nally got it, Kelsey’s body was found. She was dead. When her mother testified in front of the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, she spoke so bravely of the agony Kelsey’s family endured during that time. She described their ordeal in painful detail. What does a parent go through when a child is miss-ing? You do not eat because you do not know if your child is eating. You do not sleep because you wonder if your child is sleeping. It is, to quote Missey, ‘‘pure hell.’’ Missey and Greg Smith have made it their mission to prevent this type of tragedy from ever happening again. They began facilitating safety aware-ness seminars for parents and for stu-dents. They also began to push for leg-islation to address the very problem of obtaining timely cell phone location data—only location data, that is all we are talking about here—and only dur-ing life-threatening emergencies—just life-and-death situations and only loca-tional data. The legislation we are considering today, which is named in honor of their daughter, is a major step toward that goal. The Kelsey Smith Act requires cell phone providers to provide law en-forcement with access to device loca-tion data in an emergency situation, when a victim is in danger of death or serious harm or when the device has been used to place a 911 emergency call requesting emergency assistance. This changes current law. You see, current law already permits carriers to provide the data, but it does not re-quire them to. This places an unreason-able burden on wireless providers to de-termine what constitutes an emer-gency and then live with the con-sequences of their decisions, which they now must do in the case of Kelsey Smith. When time is of the essence, do you want a lawyer in corporate head-quarters to agonize over the legal defi-nition of an ‘‘emergency’’ or do you want the law enforcement officers, who dedicate their lives to keeping us safe, to make that call? I opt for those who can save lives. To date, versions of the Kelsey Smith Act have been adopted in 23 States, but a patchwork of laws that protect some and leave others vulnerable is not good for the companies that must comply with this law or, more importantly, for the American lives that this law can and will save. You see, Mr. Speaker, the committee believes we need a consistent Federal law that law enforcement across the country can use. Parents shouldn’t have to forum-shop for the most favor-able law when their children go miss-ing. What if it were your child? I have heard the privacy concerns that some say have been raised by this bill. We have worked diligently to make the bill as targeted as possible to balance legitimate privacy concerns with the importance of saving lives. By limiting the circumstances in which it can be used and, most importantly, by limiting the information that is avail-able, we can ensure that it is only used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.006 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2886 May 23, 2016 
in cases in which it is absolutely nec-essary. Mr. Speaker, we have heard from law enforcement officers across the coun-try that, when people are in emergency situations, every second counts, and that delay can mean the difference be-tween life and death. The Kelsey Smith Act takes the burden of decision-making away from cell phone providers and places it with law enforcement, who are trained specifically to make this kind of determination. The Kelsey Smith Act has been suc-cessfully used in multiple States where it is already law. In fact, in Kansas, we have an infant here named Aubrey. Au-brey was innocently in her car seat in a car, in the backseat of the vehicle, when somebody carjacked the car while her parents were standing near it, just feet away. Can you imagine? Her parents are right there, and somebody jumps in the car and drives off with it as you stand hopelessly, unable to do anything as their little daughter, Aubrey, was in-side. The local police department used the Kelsey Smith Act in Kansas to track the cell phone that was still in the car, and they were able to successfully re-cover the baby, Aubrey, who was unharmed, in about 30 minutes. b1415 Officer Dan Friesen credited the safe recovery to the Kelsey Smith Act, say-ing that the ‘‘technology is very help-ful to us and is made possible by the Kelsey Smith Law.’’ Thanks to Kelsey and Greg and Missey Smith, little Aubrey is safe in the arms of her family once again. In the words of her mother: ‘‘We are so happy to have Aubrey home with us and can’t picture life without our baby girl.’’ Because of the Kelsey Smith Act, they do not have to. Mr. Speaker, this law goes beyond just kidnapping cases, however. The Kansas Sheriffs’ Association told us it has also been used in cases of adults with dementia and missing people who are in danger due to lack of life-sus-taining medication, severe weather, or other life-threatening circumstances. I thank my friend from Kansas, Con-gressman K
EVIN YODER . He has been tireless in his advocacy for this legisla-tion. He first brought this bill to my attention last Congress and continued to push for its passage again this year. He has been an advocate for Kelsey and her family throughout the process, and this bill would not have advanced this far without Congressman Y
ODER ’s work. I also want to thank Greg and Missey Smith, who are in the gallery today, for their courage in the face of their tragedy. Because of their willingness to speak about their daughter and what happened to her, we are here today with the opportunity to prevent trage-dies like this one that befell Kelsey Smith. Now, I think it is important to note this legislation passed out of the sub-committee after full hearings and through the full committee. In fact, it was voted unanimously out of the full committee. There were no voices of ob-jection. This Wednesday, May 25, is National Missing Children’s Day. According to the FBI, in 2015, there were more than 460,000 reports of missing children made to law enforcement in the U.S. How many of these missing children carry a cell phone? Even if the Kelsey Smith Act leads to the recovery of only one of those missing children, isn’t it worth it? As a parent, I can tell you that, for the families of missing chil-dren, it certainly is. We have the opportunity to equip law enforcement with another tool to aid them in emergency situations, a tool that costs nothing and uses informa-tion that already exists. Let’s seize this opportunity. Now, I know there will be those who will argue that somehow we didn’t go far enough in privacy. Well, guess what. My State of Oregon passed an al-most identical bill, unanimously, and it is a very blue State, Mr. Speaker— full Democratic house, Democratic sen-ate, Democratic Governor. Not a single member objected. That is what this version of the bill is based on. Multiple other States have different reporting requirements for members of their law enforcement community. We honor what the States have done and can do. We don’t take that away. We don’t override that. They can go far-ther if they want in terms of what they want their State law enforcement offi-cers to do or not do. We simply address the issue related to the telephone car-riers and what they must do when called upon in life-and-death situations to save the lives of little girls like Au-brey and like Kelsey. Let’s honor Kelsey’s memory by en-suring that her lasting legacy isn’t the story of her death but, rather, the story of how she continued to make a difference to save lives. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4889. I do want to say the Democrats con-tinue to support the intention behind this bill. What happened to Kelsey Smith is clearly a tragedy that should not be allowed to happen again. Her family, who have advocated for these changes in the law, deserve our respect and are true heroes. But we cannot sup-port this effort to force the bill through without including the com-monsense consumer protections that resulted from strong bipartisan work in the last Congress. In the 113th Congress, the Committee on Energy and Commerce passed a version of the Kelsey Smith Act, a version that included specific protec-tions for consumers’ privacy closer in line with what is required under the Fourth Amendment. The legislation was a negotiated outcome that care-fully balanced the needs of law enforce-ment on one hand with the rights of consumers and privacy concerns on the other hand. These protections would not have in any way slowed law en-forcement’s ability to find people in an emergency. They would simply have made sure that consumers are pro-tected after a search takes place. This was a good deal. Unfortunately, the path taken in the current Congress was different. This year’s bill, the one that we are debating now, disregards the hard work that went into finding a bipartisan agreement on the Kelsey Smith Act in the last Congress. During markups in the Energy and Commerce Committee, Democrats offered amendments that would modify H.R. 4889 back to what was agreed to in the last Congress. It would have kept the requirement that carriers provide the requested informa-tion to law enforcement, but the amendment would have provided a sim-ple consumer safeguard. It would have required that law enforcement seek a court order within 48 hours after it makes an emergency request. So it would in no way have stood in the way of an emergency request; it would have just required law enforcement to seek that court order after the emergency request. Such modifications would address some of the concerns that have been raised regarding the potential abuse of H.R. 4889. It would not hamper law en-forcement’s ability to have quick ac-cess to lifesaving location data when they are presented with an emergency situation. We recognize that Chairman WALDEN  was concerned that he could not sup-port last year’s deal, the version from last Congress, because it was not com-pletely consistent with the law in his home State. That is why our proposal added a provision to protect existing State laws. Unfortunately, our efforts were rebuffed. We continue to stand ready to work together again, but I cannot support this bill in its current form without en-suring that additional protections are in place. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ), the proponent of this legislation who brought it before us. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Kelsey Ann Smith of Overland Park, Kansas. I rise today on behalf of Kelsey’s Army, people all across the country who have put themselves in the shoes of Greg and Missey, who have also had children who have been ab-ducted and understand that we need commonsense public safety laws like this on the books to ensure that we can save lives and ensure that these types of abductions and murders never hap-pen again in our country without the ability to stop them as quickly as pos-sible. June 6, 2016, will mark 9 years since Kelsey Smith, an 18-year-old Shawnee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:00 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.007 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2887 May 23, 2016 
Mission West student, was kidnapped in broad daylight from a Target park-ing lot by a predator who would sexu-ally assault and murder her soon after. I remember it like it was yesterday. We all, in Kansas and in my community, felt immediately associated with the grief and pain that Kelsey’s parents were feeling. Parents worried about their own children. They understood what was happening, and they wanted to help. So Kansans and people in my commu-nity helped search for Kelsey for days. As Chairman W
ALDEN so eloquently spoke in favor of this bill, it is an an-guish to have your child be missing and you cannot do anything about it. Kelsey’s mother, Missey, says that when your child is missing, as a parent you don’t eat and as a parent you don’t sleep because you don’t know if your child is eating or sleeping. I am a fa-ther of two little girls. I cannot imag-ine the pain and suffering Missey and her husband, Greg, who are with us here today, have endured from Kelsey’s loss. No parent should have to. So today we are going to hear dif-ferent debates and arguments about how the bill could be changed or im-proved or differences could be made, but the reality is this law is not on the books in 28 States, and those children are not protected. We cannot, as a House, allow this to stand. So I ask my colleagues to dig deep in their heart to think about putting themselves in their shoes and to not block this legislation, to let this legis-lation come forward. I promise you it is popular in your district. I promise you a majority of Americans will sup-port this. Opposing this bill is simply wrong and shameful. In the 9 years since Greg and Missey’s daughter was taken from them, they have dealt with this un-speakable, horrific experience with grace and determination. Rather than falling into the depths of despair, like anyone could imagine them to do, they channeled their grief into the passion to help others who find themselves in Kelsey’s situation. They traveled the United States fighting to pass State- level versions of the bill we are consid-ering today, and they have done so with great success, with 23 States hav-ing passed a version of the Kelsey Smith Act. Today, this body will have the chance to honor Kelsey’s memory and Greg and Missey’s tireless advocacy by bringing the law to all 50 States. In the words of Missey Smith, we have the rare opportunity to ‘‘save lives without it costing one cent.’’ The Kelsey Smith Act creates a nar-row exception for law enforcement offi-cers to gain access to limited call loca-tion information of an individual’s cell phone in the event of an emergency, like a kidnapping. In those cases, every second counts. Unfortunately, in Kelsey’s case, it took 4 excruciating days for law en-forcement to finally obtain the loca-tion data from her cell provider. It took 4 days while an entire community searched for Kelsey with no success. It took 4 days because, under current law, providers are not required to provide location data. They are permitted to in an emergency situation, but it is up to their discretion. So the question for this body is: Do you want to leave this up to a cell phone provider, for the lawyers and the executives there to decide, or do you want trained law enforcement making this decision based upon a reasonable belief of an exigent emergency cir-cumstance? It is analogous; I think we all would agree. I think the folks on the opposite side of the aisle would agree that there is certainly a Fourth Amendment right to protect your home and your dwell-ing, probably the greatest Fourth Amendment protection right of all. And yet, if an officer was driving by and saw an exigent circumstance, saw someone who was in jeopardy of phys-ical harm or emergency, they have the ability to break into that home to save that life. This information is even less secure. It is much more in the public domain. A cell phone provider already has the right to release it. We are saying that decision should be made by law en-forcement. What breaks my heart every time I recount Kelsey’s story is, when finally her cell phone location information was handed over, police found Kelsey’s body within 45 minutes. A search that floundered for 4 days could have ended in 45 minutes. We know for a fact, as Chairman W
ALDEN articulated, that other lives have already been saved in States that have adopted this law. Mr. Speaker, a Federal framework is needed to save lives across the entire country, not just in a patchwork of States that have adopted this bill. It is up to this body to set that framework, which would be a ceiling for State leg-islatures to follow. If certain States feel that additional privacy protec-tions, such as suggested by my col-leagues across the aisle, must be put into place, they are well within their jurisdiction to do so. I believe any concerns articulated by others are overblown in this situation. As someone who has spent my career in this body fighting for the privacy rights of Americans—we just passed the Email Privacy Act 419–0, and all of us supported that—and fought to mod-ernize our Fourth Amendment rights with regard to email privacy, I feel comfortable in saying this bill strikes the right balance. It does not give you the information on the phone. It does not give you content. It does not give you anything other than the pings on the phone in the case of an emergency. It doesn’t even give you GPS tracking. It does not infringe upon our constitu-tional rights. Any of us, as parents, would be thankful that we voted for this bill today, should something hor-rific happen in our lives. Mr. Speaker, this body often debates the merits of protecting Americans from the threat of harm versus giving up certain civil liberties. In this case, we are blessed with modern technology that affords law enforcement with a tool to save lives without Americans giving up any of their privacy. Now, I thank my predecessor, Rep-resentative Dennis Moore, and my former colleague, Todd Tiahrt of Kan-sas, who began this effort shortly after Kelsey’s death. I also thank Represent-atives LYNN JENKINS , MIKEPOMPEO of Kansas, and my colleague from across the aisle, E
MANUEL CLEAVER of Mis-souri, who have worked with me in this fight. I also thank Chairman U
PTON  and Chairman W
ALDEN for working swiftly over the last month to move this important legislation forward. Most of all, I would like to thank the two most important people in this room, who advocated for this bill day after day, Greg and Missey Smith. But for their support and guidance, for their ability to share their tragedy with the world and channel it into goodness, for being here today and throughout the entire legislative proc-ess as we moved this bill forward, this movement would not be possible. So God bless you, Greg and Missey, and God bless Kelsey. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill’s passage today. I strongly urge the Senate to waste no time in following suit. Let’s send Kelsey’s law to the President’s desk this year for his signature so we can do something truly meaningful in a bipar-tisan way and so we can save lives. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, let me say again that Democrats strongly sup-port the intention behind this bill, but we cannot support it as it is currently drafted. We believe that we can do bet-ter. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4889. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am, of course, disappointed that the Democrats cannot support this in its present form. The bill that we worked on last year, by the way, never made it to the House floor, and this one did. b1430 The time is now to act. The time is now to help families find abducted chil-dren, parents suffering from dementia who are carrying the device and need help saving their lives. This is very narrowly written. As my colleague from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ) said: Read the bill. We have. It is very narrowly written. Location, emergency only, life and death. You dialed 911 seeking help. States still have the ability to talk about all these other provisions they may want. We do not preclude that. We honor the right of States, local legisla-tures to come and add restrictions if they want to do that for post-action re-porting, subpoenas, whatever they want to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.008 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2888 May 23, 2016 
But in the meantime, can’t we just save lives? Can’t we just pass some-thing that gives certainty to the tele-communications providers that when they get that law enforcement call, they have to provide that data of sim-ply the location when everybody agrees that somebody’s life is in the balance? I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4889, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2016 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4167) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to di-rectly initiate a call to 9–1-1 without dialing any additional digit, code, pre-fix, or post-fix, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4167 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kari’s Law Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CONFIGURATION OF MULTI-LINE TELE-PHONE SYSTEMS FOR DIRECT DIAL-ING OF 9-1-1. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 721. CONFIGURATION OF MULTI-LINE TELE-PHONE SYSTEMS FOR DIRECT DIAL-ING OF 9-1-1. 
‘‘(a) S YSTEM MANUFACTURE , IMPORTATION , S
ALE, AND LEASE .—A person engaged in the business of manufacturing, importing, sell-ing, or leasing multi-line telephone systems may not manufacture or import for use in the United States, or sell or lease or offer to sell or lease in the United States, a multi- line telephone system, unless such system is pre-configured such that, when properly in-stalled in accordance with subsection (b), a user may directly initiate a call to 9-1-1 from any station equipped with dialing facilities, without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, including any trunk-ac-cess code such as the digit ‘9’, regardless of whether the user is required to dial such a digit, code, prefix, or post-fix for other calls. ‘‘(b) S
YSTEM INSTALLATION , MANAGEMENT , 
AND OPERATION .—A person engaged in the business of installing, managing, or oper-ating multi-line telephone systems may not install, manage, or operate for use in the United States such a system, unless such system is configured such that a user may directly initiate a call to 9-1-1 from any sta-tion equipped with dialing facilities, without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, including any trunk-access code such as the digit ‘9’, regardless of whether the user is required to dial such a digit, code, prefix, or post-fix for other calls. ‘‘(c) ON-SITE NOTIFICATION .—A person en-gaged in the business of installing, man-aging, or operating multi-line telephone sys-tems shall, in installing, managing, or oper-ating such a system for use in the United States, configure the system to provide a no-tification to a central location at the facil-ity where the system is installed or to an-other person or organization regardless of lo-cation, if the system is able to be configured to provide the notification without an im-provement to the hardware or software of the system. ‘‘(d) E
FFECT ON STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section is intended to alter the author-ity of State commissions or other State or local agencies with jurisdiction over emer-gency communications, if the exercise of such authority is not inconsistent with this Act. ‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT .—This section shall be enforced under title V, except that section 501 applies only to the extent that such sec-tion provides for the punishment of a fine. ‘‘(f) M
ULTI-LINE TELEPHONE SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘multi-line telephone system’ has the meaning given such term in section 6502 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1471).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), section 721 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934, as added by subsection (a) of this section, shall apply beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (b) or (c) of such section 721 shall not apply to a multi- line telephone system that was installed be-fore the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act if such system is not able to be configured to meet the re-quirement of such subsection (b) or (c), re-spectively, without an improvement to the hardware or software of the system. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4167, the Kari’s Law Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, when I first heard of the tragic story of Kari Hunt, I was in dis-belief. In his testimony before the Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, Kari’s father, Hank, shared with us the way that his daugh-ter was killed—stabbed by her es-tranged husband in a Texas hotel room while their children were in the room. While that story is obviously horri-fying enough, especially as a parent, my true shock came from the next part of the story. Kari’s 9-year-old daugh-ter, doing as she had been taught from an early age, had repeatedly tried to dial 911 from the hotel phone to get emergency help. Repeatedly her little fingers pushed the buttons 9–1-1, but because the phone required another 9 to get an outside line, she was never able to reach the emergency assistance her mother so desperately needed and she so desperately tried to access. What her grandfather, Hank Hunt, told me next will stay with me forever. He said that as he sat with his grand-daughter in the lobby of the police de-partment just hours after the death of his daughter, his granddaughter looked at him and said: ‘‘I tried 4 times, Papa, but it didn’t work.’’ ‘‘I tried 4 times, Papa, but it didn’t work.’’ Through this tragedy we learned the difficult truth that many multiline telephone systems, like the kinds often found in hotels and offices and univer-sities, require that users dial an addi-tional digit to use an outside line, even when they are trying to call 911. Mr. Speaker, this is simply unaccept-able. In the heat of an emergency, every person in America deserves the peace of mind to know that on any phone 911 actually means 911, period. We teach our children from a very young age what to do in an emergency: dial 911. We all hope that they will never need to use that knowledge, but we want them to know what to do. I don’t know too many parents who also teach their kids to think about dialing 9 or 8 or some other number to get an outside line. H.R. 4167, known as Kari’s Law, seeks to remedy this problem. The legisla-tion requires multiline telephone sys-tems to be configured so that dialing 911 directly connects to public safety. In addition, the law requires that a central point of contact for each sys-tem be notified when someone calls for emergency assistance, a provision in-tended to help emergency responders access buildings and actually locate the emergency caller. Now, these fixes are simple changes to the system in most cases, costing little, if any, money, and taking very little time, but apparently without a legal requirement, there is no way to guarantee that every MLTS will be configured for dialing 911 directly. Some businesses, including many ho-tels, have taken steps to fix this prob-lem already, and I applaud them for doing so voluntarily, but there needs to be consistency across our great land, Mr. Speaker. If you are a traveler stay-ing in a hotel, you shouldn’t have to wonder during an emergency whether you are in one of the States or counties that have adopted Kari’s Law when the time comes for emergency help. We need a Federal law to provide certainty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.010 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2889 May 23, 2016 
and protect emergency callers when they dial 911. I would like to thank Representative L
OUIE GOHMERT from Texas. Mr. G OH-
MERT brought this issue to our atten-tion. He is the sponsor of Kari’s Law, and his staff has done a terrific job working with us on this legislation. I would also like to thank my col-league, Ranking Member E
SHOO , and her staff for working closely with us to make this bill an even better one. Reflecting the way that these sys-tems work and making sure the re-quirements are strong and effective, I would also like to thank Hank Hunt for bringing this issue to our attention, for pushing for change in the face of his family’s tragedy, and for coming to Washington, D.C., to share his story. I will finish my remarks with some-thing else that Hank said before our subcommittee: ‘‘The inspiration for Kari’s Law was a 9-year-old little girl that depended on her instruction from adults on how to handle an emergency, and those adults let her down.’’ Mr. Speaker, let’s not let her down or any other child again. I urge my col-leagues to support Kari’s Law, and in doing so, we can take one step forward in ensuring that anyone, regardless of their age, who dials 911 will receive the emergency assistance they need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in general support of H.R. 4167. I agree that it is important to make sure that consumers using multiline telephone systems, or MLTSs, can di-rectly dial 911 without having to dial additional digits first. We are talking about the multiline phone systems that we use in large office buildings and hotels. Many of these systems re-quire consumers to dial an extra 9 to get an outside line. Most of us know that, but too many people do not real-ize this applies to 911 also. If you don’t dial 9 first, you can’t reach emergency services. Such a requirement led to a tragedy in Texas several years ago. Kari Dunn was killed while her 9-year-old daugh-ter tried to call for help. She did what she was told to do in an emergency— dial 911—but because the system she was using required her to dial 9 first, she only heard silence at the other end. Building on the Herculean effort of Kari Dunn’s family, we are one step closer to fixing this problem once and for all. Kari’s Law is an important step to making our systems work better in an emergency, but we should not delay taking the next step, and that is pro-viding location information to first re-sponders. These multiline systems often fail to deliver precise location information. That means that if someone calls 911 from this very building, for instance, precious minutes would tick by as emergency personnel struggle to figure out where the call came from in the Capitol. We should act immediately to correct this problem, too, because making sure the call goes through is only helpful if public safety officials can find the caller. Mr. Speaker, that is why Democrats had hoped to include such a provision in H.R. 4167 during markup. We are en-couraged by the commitment we re-ceived from Subcommittee Chairman W ALDEN to work together on a separate bill to address this concern. We hope to get this done soon. With that commit-ment, I urge Members to support H.R. 4167. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), who has been such an advocate for this family and for this change in law and has been terrific to work with on this matter. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
REG WALDEN and also his staff. They have been superb to work with, and it has been refreshing to see how thorough both he and his staff have been in researching this issue. I came prepared to talk about the event and actually how it happened, but Chairman W
ALDEN did such a fantastic job that the emotion runs high at this point, and I am very grateful for the manner in which this has been pre-sented. I also want to thank FCC Commis-sioner Pai, who in the early days stepped up and made this an issue to get people’s attention, but no greater thanks goes to anyone than to Kari’s father, Hank Hunt. It was December of 2013 in Marshall, Texas, which is normally known for being a kind and helpful city. Police respond often in 1 or 2 minutes. Kari’s 9-year-old daughter has not had her name mentioned anywhere, to my knowledge, and that is because this child did everything she could possibly do, everything she had been taught and trained to do. What a phenomenal, quick-thinking child that she is. After Kari’s death received an out-pouring of comments from constituents and other Americans across the coun-try expressing concern over the issue, every day this is an issue. Fortunately, every day someone does not pay the ul-timate consequence of dying because it is an issue. When we looked into this matter, multiline telephone systems can easily be configured or reconfigured to enable callers to reach emergency personnel by dialing 911 without having to dial a prefix at all. Most of the time these changes can be made at no cost, and we have had programmers inform us that they have been doing it at no charge once the issue was brought to their at-tention. Some MLTS vendors have offered to upgrade or tune up their existing sys-tems for free also. Additionally, the American Hotel & Lodging Association has worked aggressively with its mem-bers across the country to swiftly en-sure that their systems in place allow guests to directly dial 911 from guest rooms. Most of the American Hotel & Lodging Association’s largest hotel member chains have activated 911 di-rect dial access at nearly all of their owned and managed properties. This bill gives 2 years for those who have not done so. And in view of the fact that this is so widely public, I antici-pate people will move much, much more quickly than 2 years. It is quite refreshing when both sides of the aisle can come together on an issue that saves lives, does not cost anything from taxpayers, is not a man-date that needs funding, and clearly in-volves interstate commerce and the telecommunications industry. So any-one who dials 911 would reach emer-gency personnel even if the phone nor-mally requires the user to dial a prefix. Many phones in hotels, offices, even schools don’t reach emergency per-sonnel when a user dials 911 in a time of need because the person failed to dial a prefix. This bill changes that for good. I join Hank Hunt, and I thank full committee Ranking Member PALLONE , Ms. E
SHOO , and, again, Chairman W AL-
DEN, Chairman U PTON , and the staffs for the great work done here. We can avoid tragedy again, and it is just re-freshing when we work together to make sure that happens. b1445 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 4167, Kari’s Law, and, again, thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for his lead-ership on this issue and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for work-ing with us on this. I would encourage passage of the leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4167, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.012 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2890 May 23, 2016 
SECURING ACCESS TO NETWORKS IN DISASTERS ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3998) to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3998 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Ac-cess to Networks in Disasters Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STUDY ON NETWORK RESILIENCY. 
Not later than 36 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress, and make publically available on the Commission’s website, a study on the public safety benefits and tech-nical feasibility and cost of— (1) making telecommunications service provider-owned WiFi access points, and other communications technologies operating on unlicensed spectrum, available to the gen-eral public for access to 911 services, without requiring any login credentials, during times of emergency when mobile service is unavail-able; (2) the provision by non-telecommuni-cations service provider-owned WiFi access points of public access to 911 services during times of emergency when mobile service is unavailable; and (3) other alternative means of providing the public with access to 911 services during times of emergency when mobile service is unavailable. 
SEC. 3. ACCESS TO ESSENTIAL SERVICE PRO-VIDERS DURING FEDERALLY DE-CLARED EMERGENCIES. 
Section 427(a)(1)(A) of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189e(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘telecommunications service’’ and inserting ‘‘wireline or mobile telephone service, Internet access service, radio or tel-evision broadcasting, cable service, or direct broadcast satellite service’’. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Fed-eral Communications Commission; (2) the term ‘‘mobile service’’ means com-mercial mobile service (as defined in section 332 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332)) or commercial mobile data serv-ice (as defined in section 6001 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1401)); (3) the term ‘‘WiFi access point’’ means wireless Internet access using the standard designated as 802.11 or any variant thereof; and (4) the term ‘‘times of emergency’’ means either an emergency as defined in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122), or an emergency as declared by the governor of a State or territory of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in late October of 2012, Superstorm Sandy, the largest Atlan-tic hurricane in recorded history, hit the Caribbean and Northeastern United States with devastating impact. Sandy caused an estimated $72 billion in dam-ages in the United States and took 286 lives. While the economic impact of the storm was massive in scope—homes and buildings damaged or destroyed, roads impassible or washed out alto-gether—the damage to power and com-munications infrastructure was par-ticularly severe. Broadcasting, wireless and landline telephone services, broadband services, cable services all suffered disruptions and outages that lasted long after the storm’s fury had passed. At a time when families struggled to find and re-unite with loved ones, this only added to the confusion and, frankly, the panic. But beyond the impact on the per-sonal communications that are needed to assuage the fears in the wake of a disaster, these outages also threatened the delivery of public safety messages and emergency response services. This put even more lives at risk, including those of the first responders—the men and women who race to save others— and made recovery that much more dif-ficult. While our public safety and emer-gency response experts at all levels of government and the communications industry have implemented changes as a result of the lessons learned from Superstorm Sandy, there is more that must be done. Just a few weeks ago, the wireless in-dustry—CTIA, together with AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, and Verizon—announced the adoption of the Wireless Network Resiliency Coop-erative Framework. This set of vol-untary practices will provide con-sumers with access to wireless services even when their wireless provider’s network goes down, will improve pre-paredness, and will speed the restora-tion of services. I would like to thank Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE of New Jersey, whose dis-trict suffered so badly and so much from the effects of Sandy. His leader-ship and efforts led to the industry’s voluntary adoption of this framework, and I commend the industry for its commitment and him for his work. The SANDy Act lets us build on that accomplishment, as there are some changes that only the government can make. This legislation makes what I believe is a commonsense change to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to rec-ognize not only wireline, but mobile telephone service and broadcast radio, broadcast television, cable service, and broadcast satellite service as essential services when we have an emergency. This change will ensure that pro-viders of these critical services are not denied or impeded access to a disaster when they are trying to restore serv-ice. Without question, these services are critical to ensuring the safety and well-being of both those impacted by the disaster, but also those who are re-sponding to that very disaster. In addition to expediting access for network restoration teams, this legis-lation also directs the FCC to study making the telecommunications serv-ice provider-owned WiFi access and other communications technologies op-erating on unlicensed spectrum avail-able to access 911 service when com-mercial mobile service is unavailable. We have an abundance of commu-nications tools in the modern informa-tion economy. We should be looking at ways to leverage all of them during emergencies, and this report will do just that. I thank the ranking member for his work on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 18, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 3998, the Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act, as ordered reported by the Committee on Energy and Commerce. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. In order to expedite this legislation for Floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House Floor. I appreciate the Committee on Energy and Commerce working with me to address my concerns. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, May 19, 2016. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 3998, Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act, as or-dered reported by the Committee on Energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.015 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2891 May 23, 2016 
and Commerce. As you noted, there are cer-tain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. I appreciate your willingness to forgo ac-tion on this bill in order to expedite this leg-islation for Floor consideration. I agree that forgoing consideration of this bill does not alter or diminish the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. In addition, I will support your request for the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. I will place a copy of your letter and this response into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House Floor. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3998, Securing Access to Networks in Disasters, or SANDy, Act. Superstorm Sandy had a dramatic ef-fect on my district back in New Jersey. We saw firsthand the importance of communications networks during an emergency. Broadcast and cable networks pro-vide critical information to help us stay out of harm’s way, and tele-communications networks are what makes sure we can call for help and keep track of our loved ones. Unfortunately, when Hurricane Sandy ripped through the Northeast, we could not rely on several of these systems when we needed them most. For instance, nearly one in four cell towers were knocked out. In some of the hardest hit areas of my State, as many as half of the towers went down. Many of them stayed down for weeks. That is why I have spent the past several years figuring out what went right and what went wrong. We learned about issues that have plagued our net-works for at least a decade—not just during Sandy, but during Hurricane Katrina and other major disasters as well. The SANDy Act will take another step toward making that right. Specifi-cally, the SANDy Act would recognize the important role that wireline and mobile telephone, Internet, radio and television broadcasting, and cable and satellite services play during emer-gencies. These communication providers need priority access to help them repair and maintain their communications equip-ment during disasters. But this bill is part of a larger effort to keep us safe in emergencies. As part of the lead-up to today, I worked, as my colleague said, with the Nation’s largest wireless carriers and the Federal Communications Commis-sion to pull together a voluntary framework to ensure the industry com-plies with the wireless provisions that were originally set forth in the SANDy Act. Most important, the framework makes sure that if one network goes down, its customers can access another network that is still operational. Ev-eryone should be able to call for help as long as any signal is available. Mr. Speaker, this agreement will save lives during major emergencies in the future. I would like to thank the wireless carriers and the FCC for work-ing with me to craft this comprehen-sive agreement, as well as Chairman WALDEN . Having these networks oper-ational can mean the difference be-tween life and death during an event like Superstorm Sandy. I urge all Members to support H.R. 3998, and I hope that once it passes the House today, the Senate will take up the measure and send it to the Presi-dent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a fine piece of legislation. It is important, in moving ahead, to correct some things that need to be corrected, frankly, in terms of emergency communications during super emergencies. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3998, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TIMELY AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS ADOPTED BY VOTE OF THE FED-ERAL COMMUNICATIONS COM-MISSION Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2589) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to pub-lish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2589 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TIMELY AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS ADOPTED BY VOTE OF THE COMMIS-SION. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 4 of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 154) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) In the case of any item that is adopted by vote of the Commission, the Commission shall publish on the Internet website of the Commis-sion the text of such item not later than 24 hours after the Secretary of the Commission has received dissenting statements from all Commis-sioners wishing to submit such a statement with respect to such item.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to an item that is adopted after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Commu-nications Commission regulates an in-credibly dynamic and innovative sector of the American economy. The commu-nications technology sector directly impacts the lives of consumers in meaningful ways. Consumers are able to map their ways to new places like, frankly, I did this morning; find infor-mation and enriching content; and reach their loved ones who might live in the most remote places. Communications technology also en-ables other industries to reach their audiences in new and life-changing ways. Health care, finance, manufac-turing, agriculture: all of these indus-tries are leveraging communication technologies in ways to better serve the American consumer. We can’t afford to allow this func-tional sector of the economy to lan-guish or fail under outdated regula-tions or a faulty regulatory process. That is why the Committee on Energy and Commerce has focused on improv-ing the process at the FCC so that it operates in an effective and more transparent manner. This House passed a comprehensive FCC process reform bill back in No-vember, H.R. 2583, but we continue to work on improving the FCC’s commu-nications with the public. Hence, H.R. 2589. This is one such improvement. Sponsored by my colleague, Rep-resentative E
LLMERS of North Caro-lina, this bill is targeted at the FCC’s struggle to make its newly adopted rules available to the public in a time-ly fashion. The bill requires the FCC to show the public what it has just voted on by publishing the text of the rules within 24 hours of the filing of the last dissenting statement. This should not be too difficult. Nor-mally, the FCC does a reasonable job in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.011 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2892 May 23, 2016 
publishing its new rules fairly quickly after adoption. However, on more con-troversial items, the documents are not available until much later. For ex-ample, the Lifeline Order, adopted on March 31, was not available for 27 days. That is nearly a month. The FCC should not be delaying publication on controversial items. It should seek to add information and facts to the debate rather than appearing to hide the ball. At the same time, we recognize that the FCC must have the ability to re-spond to dissenting statements that criticize its decisions. Accordingly, we worked with our colleagues across the aisle to ensure that the Commission had a fair opportunity to address dis-sents to dissents and still make sure that new rules became available to the public in a timely way. In other words, so the Commission can do its work back and forth among Commissioners and finish their product. But once they do, they need to make it available to the public. By the way, that is who they work for. I would like to thank my colleagues on the committee for their work, par-ticularly Representative E
LLMERS and Representative M
CNERNEY . I believe the bill strikes the right balance, and I urge my colleagues to support Rep-resentative E
LLMERS ’ bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2589. For the past several years, Repub-licans have been focused on changing procedures at the Federal Communica-tions Commission. The bill we are con-sidering today demonstrates that Democrats are willing to work with Republicans on these ideas when the proposals are reasonable. The original bill had some issues. It would have required the FCC to post within 24 hours of adoption any final rules that were modified by the Com-mission. Such a requirement was in-consistent with the Administrative Procedure Act, which requires that any rule changes are accompanied by an ex-planatory text. Additionally, the original bill failed to take into account the fact that in many cases where there is a delay in the release of FCC decisions, it is usu-ally due to late receipt of dissenting statements from some Commissioners. To fix these issues, Democrats pro-posed an amendment during markup to provide the FCC to post, in its en-tirety, the text of any actions within 24 hours after dissenting Commissioners file their statements. The improve-ments ensure that this bill will not force the FCC to act in conflict with other laws, such as the Administrative Procedure Act. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this fine piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BROOKS of Alabama). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2589, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
b1500 ALABAMA HILLS NATIONAL SCE-NIC AREA ESTABLISHMENT ACT Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 496) to establish the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 496 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alabama Hills National Scenic Area Es-tablishment Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Alabama Hills National Scenic Area, California. Sec. 4. Management plan. Sec. 5. Land taken into trust for Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone Reservation. Sec. 6. Transfer of administrative jurisdic-tion. Sec. 7. Protection of services and rec-reational opportunities. Sec. 8. Clarification regarding funding. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘man-agement plan’’ means the management plan for the National Scenic Area developed under section 4(a). (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map titled ‘‘Proposed Alabama Hills National Scenic Area’’, dated September 8, 2014. (3) M
OTORIZED VEHICLES .—The term ‘‘mo-torized vehicles’’ means motorized or mecha-nized vehicles and includes, when used by utilities, mechanized equipment, helicopters, and other aerial devices necessary to main-tain electrical or communications infra-structure. (4) N
ATIONAL SCENIC AREA .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Scenic Area’’ means the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area established by section 3(a). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (6) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of California. (7) TRIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone. (8) U
TILITY FACILITY .—The term ‘‘utility facility’’ means any and all existing and fu-ture water system facilities including aque-ducts, streams, ditches, and canals; water fa-cilities including, but not limited to, flow measuring stations, gauges, gates, values, piping, conduits, fencing, and electrical power and communications devices and sys-tems; and any and all existing and future electric generation facilities, electric stor-age facilities, overhead and/or underground electrical supply systems and communica-tion systems consisting of electric sub-stations, electric lines, poles and towers made of various materials, ‘‘H’’ frame struc-tures, guy wires and anchors, crossarms, wires, underground conduits, cables, vaults, manholes, handholes, above-ground enclo-sures, markers and concrete pads and other fixtures, appliances and communication cir-cuits, and other fixtures, appliances and ap-purtenances connected therewith necessary or convenient for the construction, oper-ation, regulation, control, grounding and maintenance of electric generation, storage, lines and communication circuits, for the purpose of transmitting intelligence and generating, storing, distributing, regulating and controlling electric energy to be used for light, heat, power, communication, and other purposes. 
SEC. 3. ALABAMA HILLS NATIONAL SCENIC AREA, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Subject to valid, ex-isting rights, there is established in Inyo County, California, the Alabama Hills Na-tional Scenic Area. The National Scenic Area shall be comprised of the approxi-mately 18,610 acres generally depicted on the Map as ‘‘National Scenic Area’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the National Scenic Area is to conserve, protect, and en-hance for the benefit, use, and enjoyment of present and future generations the nation-ally significant scenic, cultural, geological, educational, biological, historical, rec-reational, cinematographic, and scientific resources of the National Scenic Area man-aged consistent with section 302(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1732(a)). (c) M
AP; LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and a legal de-scription of the National Scenic Area with— (A) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. (2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The map and legal de-scriptions filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the map and legal descriptions. (3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each map and legal description filed under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Manage-ment. (d) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall manage the National Scenic Area— (1) as a component of the National Land-scape Conservation System; (2) so as not to impact the future con-tinuing operations and maintenance of any activities associated with valid, existing rights, including water rights; (3) in a manner that conserves, protects, and enhances the resources and values of the National Scenic Area described in subsection (b); and (4) in accordance with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.019 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2893 May 23, 2016 
(A) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (B) this Act; and (C) any other applicable laws. (e) M
ANAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall allow only such uses of the National Scenic Area as the Secretary determines would support the purposes of the National Scenic Area as described in subsection (b). (2) R
ECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Except as otherwise provided in this Act or other appli-cable law, or as the Secretary determines to be necessary for public health and safety, the Secretary shall allow existing recreational uses of the National Scenic Area to continue, including hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing, sightseeing, horseback riding, hunting, fishing, and appropriate authorized motorized vehicle use. (3) M
OTORIZED VEHICLES .—Except as speci-fied within this Act and/or in cases in which motorized vehicles are needed for adminis-trative purposes, or to respond to an emer-gency, the use of motorized vehicles in the National Scenic Area shall be permitted only on— (A) roads and trails designated by the Di-rector of the Bureau of Land Management for use of motorized vehicles as part of a management plan sustaining a semi-primi-tive motorized experience; or (B) on county-maintained roads in accord-ance with applicable State and county laws. (f) N
OBUFFER ZONES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act cre-ates a protective perimeter or buffer zone around the National Scenic Area. (2) A
CTIVITIES OUTSIDE NATIONAL SCENIC  
AREA .—The fact that an activity or use on land outside the National Scenic Area can be seen or heard within the National Scenic Area shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundaries of the National Sce-nic Area. (g) A
CCESS .—The Secretary shall continue to provide private landowners adequate ac-cess to inholdings in the National Scenic Area. (h) F
ILMING .—Nothing in this Act prohibits filming (including commercial film produc-tion, student filming, and still photography) within the National Scenic Area— (1) subject to— (A) such reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary considers to be necessary; and (B) applicable law; and (2) in a manner consistent with the pur-poses described in subsection (b). (i) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE .—Nothing in this Act affects the jurisdiction or responsibil-ities of the State with respect to fish and wildlife. (j) L
IVESTOCK .—The grazing of livestock in the National Scenic Area, including grazing under the Alabama Hills allotment and the George Creek allotment, as established be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, shall be permitted to continue— (1) subject to— (A) such reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary considers to be necessary; and (B) applicable law; and (2) in a manner consistent with the pur-poses described in subsection (b). (k) O
VERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this Act re-stricts or precludes flights over the National Scenic Area or overflights that can be seen or heard within the National Scenic Area, in-cluding— (1) transportation, sightseeing and filming flights, general aviation planes, helicopters, hang-gliders, and balloonists, for commercial or recreational purposes; (2) low-level overflights of military air-craft; (3) flight testing and evaluation; or (4) the designation or creation of new units of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the National Scenic Area. (l) WITHDRAWAL .—Subject to this Act’s pro-visions and valid rights in existence on the date of enactment of this Act, including rights established by prior withdrawals, the Federal land within the National Scenic Area is withdrawn from all forms of— (1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; (2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (3) disposition under all laws pertaining to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. (m) W
ILDLAND FIREOPERATIONS .—Nothing in this Act prohibits the Secretary, in co-operation with other Federal, State, and local agencies, as appropriate, from con-ducting wildland fire operations in the Na-tional Scenic Area, consistent with the pur-poses described in subsection (b). (n) G
RANTS ; COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— The Secretary may make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, State, tribal, and local governmental entities and private entities to conduct research, inter-pretation, or public education or to carry out any other initiative relating to the res-toration, conservation, or management of the National Scenic Area. (o) A
IR AND WATER QUALITY .—Nothing in this Act modifies any standard governing air or water quality outside of the boundaries of the National Scenic Area. (p) U
TILITY FACILITIES AND RIGHTS OF  W
AY.— (1) Nothing in this Act shall— (A) affect the existence, use, operation, maintenance (including but not limited to vegetation control), repair, construction, re-configuration, expansion, inspection, re-newal, reconstruction, alteration, addition, relocation, improvement, funding, removal, or replacement of utility facilities or appur-tenant rights of way within or adjacent to the National Scenic Area; (B) affect necessary or efficient access to utility facilities or rights of way within or adjacent to the National Scenic Area subject to subsection (e); (C) preclude the Secretary from author-izing the establishment of new utility facil-ity rights of way (including instream sites, routes, and areas) within the National Sce-nic Area in a manner that minimizes harm to the purpose of the National Scenic Area as described in subsection (b)— (i) with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other applicable law; and (ii) subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—Consistent with this Act, the Management Plan shall estab-lish plans for maintenance of public utility and other rights of way within the National Scenic Area. 
SEC. 4. MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, in accordance with subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall develop a comprehensive plan for the long-term management of the Na-tional Scenic Area. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the man-agement plan, the Secretary shall— (1) consult with appropriate State, tribal, and local governmental entities, including Inyo County and the Tribe; and (2) seek input from— (A) investor-owned utilities, including Southern California Edison Company; (B) the Alabama Hills Stewardship Group; (C) members of the public; and (D) the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. (c) INCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT PLAN.— In developing the management plan, in ac-cordance with this section, the Secretary shall allow, in perpetuity, casual-use mining limited to the use of hand tools, metal detec-tors, hand-fed dry washers, vacuum cleaners, gold pans, small sluices, and similar items. (d) I
NTERIM MANAGEMENT .—Pending com-pletion of the management plan, the Sec-retary shall manage the National Scenic Area in accordance with section 3. 
SEC. 5. LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR LONE PINE PAIUTE-SHOSHONE RESERVATION. 
(a) T RUST LAND.—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall take the approximately 132 acres of Federal land depicted on the Map as ‘‘Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone Reservation Addition’’ into trust for the benefit of the Tribe, subject to the following: (1) C
ONDITIONS .—The land shall be subject to all easements, covenants, conditions, re-strictions, withdrawals, and other matters of record on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
XCLUSION .—The Federal lands over which the right-of-way for the Los Angeles Aqueduct is located, generally described as the 250-foot-wide right-of-way granted to the City of Los Angeles pursuant to the Act of June 30, 1906 (Chap. 3926), shall not be taken into trust for the Tribe. (b) R
ESERVATION LAND.—The land taken into trust pursuant to subsection (a) shall be considered part of the reservation of the Tribe. (c) G
AMING PROHIBITION .—Gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed on the land taken into trust pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 6. TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURIS-DICTION. 
Administrative jurisdiction of the approxi-mately 56 acres of Federal land depicted on the Map as ‘‘USFS Transfer to BLM’’ is here-by transferred from the Forest Service under the Secretary of Agriculture to the Bureau of Land Management under the Secretary. 
SEC. 7. PROTECTION OF SERVICES AND REC-REATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit commercial services for existing and historic recreation uses as authorized by the Bureau of Land Management’s permit proc-ess. Valid, existing, commercial permits to exercise guided recreational opportunities for the public may continue as authorized on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 8. CLARIFICATION REGARDING FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.009 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2894 May 23, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I am the author of H.R. 469, which es-tablishes the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area, encompassing roughly 18,000 acres of Federal land in central California, to preserve recreational and other existing uses in the area. The Alabama Hills are a range of hills and rock formations near the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains and are used for a variety of recreational activities. The area has also served as a popular filming location for films and tele-vision shows. ‘‘The Gene Autry Show,’’ ‘‘The Lone Ranger,’’ ‘‘Bonanza,’’ and films including ‘‘Tremors,’’ ‘‘Glad-iator,’’ and ‘‘Iron Man’’ were filmed, in part, in the Alabama Hills area. The goal of this legislation is pro-tecting this area from the industrial- scale renewable energy development that is occurring in surrounding areas while also protecting existing uses. The Alabama Hills Stewardship Group as well as off-road groups, the local chamber of commerce, local and national conservation groups, and many others coordinated for over 2 years to share ideas that ultimately formed the basis of H.R. 496. In addition to the National Scenic Area designation, the bill preserves ex-isting recreational and commercial uses of the area, including grazing, filming, hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing, hunting, fishing, and author-ized off-highway vehicle use. This is a commonsense bill that will successfully balance a wide range of Federal land uses within the National Scenic Area and has extensive local support. This legislation is the culmination of the work of countless local groups and individuals. I would especially like to thank Inyo County Supervisor Matt Kingsley and Kevin Mazzu of the Ala-bama Hills Stewardship Group for their tireless efforts to make the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area a reality. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Congressman C
OOK, a fellow Marine, for crafting this bill before us. H.R. 496 establishes the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area on approxi-mately 18,000 acres of Federal land in southern California. Only a few hours’ drive from Holly-wood, Alabama Hills features a unique collection of rock formations which at-tracted filmmakers for a decade, as the gentleman has told us. The area’s un-usual landscape has served as the back-drop for famous television and movie scenes, including ‘‘Bonanza’’ and even now great movies like ‘‘Iron Man.’’ By incorporating the area into BLM’s National Conservation Lands, the es-tablishment of the Alabama Hills Na-tional Scenic Area will promote perma-nent protection of the area and encour-age tourism and recreational activi-ties. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides a model for responsible conservation that we should seek to emulate across the country. There are areas of Federal land throughout the United States that de-serve enhanced protection. I hope we can continue to work in a bipartisan manner to preserve them for future generations through locally driven con-servation initiatives. For now, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. I look forward to work-ing with the majority to identify addi-tional opportunities to protect public land. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I have no ad-ditional speakers. I want to thank my colleague for the Marine tag team comment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 496, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN CHILDREN’S SAFETY ACT Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 184) to amend the Indian Child Protec-tion and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks be-fore foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 184 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Children’s Safety Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CRIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS. 
Section 408 of the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act (25 U.S.C. 3207) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) B
YTRIBAL SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY  
FOR FOSTER CARE PLACEMENTS IN TRIBAL  C
OURT PROCEEDINGS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-ered individual’ includes— ‘‘(i) any individual 18 years of age or older; and ‘‘(ii) any individual who the tribal social services agency determines is subject to a criminal records check under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) FOSTER CARE PLACEMENT .—The term ‘foster care placement’ means any action re-moving an Indian child from a parent or In-dian custodian for temporary placement in a foster home or institution or the home of a guardian or conservator if— ‘‘(i) the parent or Indian custodian cannot have the child returned on demand; and ‘‘(ii)(I) parental rights have not been ter-minated; or ‘‘(II) parental rights have been terminated but the child has not been permanently placed. ‘‘(C) I
NDIAN CUSTODIAN .—The term ‘Indian custodian’ means any Indian— ‘‘(i) who has legal custody of an Indian child under tribal law or custom or under State law; or ‘‘(ii) to whom temporary physical care, custody, and control has been transferred by the parent of the child. ‘‘(D) P
ARENT .—The term ‘parent’ means— ‘‘(i) any biological parent of an Indian child; or ‘‘(ii) any Indian who has lawfully adopted an Indian child, including adoptions under tribal law or custom. ‘‘(E) T
RIBAL COURT .—The term ‘tribal court’ means a court— ‘‘(i) with jurisdiction over foster care placements; and ‘‘(ii) that is— ‘‘(I) a Court of Indian Offenses; ‘‘(II) a court established and operated under the code or custom of an Indian tribe; or ‘‘(III) any other administrative body of an Indian tribe that is vested with authority over foster care placements. ‘‘(F) T
RIBAL SOCIAL SERVICES AGENCY .—The term ‘tribal social services agency’ means the agency of an Indian tribe that has the primary responsibility for carrying out fos-ter care licensing or approval (as of the date on which the proceeding described in para-graph (2)(A) commences) for the Indian tribe. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL RECORDS CHECK BEFORE FOS -
TER CARE PLACEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), no foster care placement shall be finally approved and no foster care license shall be issued until the tribal social services agency— ‘‘(i) completes a criminal records check of each covered individual who resides in the household or is employed at the institution in which the foster care placement will be made; and ‘‘(ii) concludes that each covered indi-vidual described in clause (i) meets such standards as the Indian tribe shall establish in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) S
TANDARDS OF PLACEMENT .—The standards described in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall include— ‘‘(i) requirements that each tribal social services agency described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(I) perform criminal records checks, in-cluding fingerprint-based checks of national crime information databases (as defined in section 534(f)(3) of title 28, United States Code); ‘‘(II) check any abuse registries main-tained by the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(III) check any child abuse and neglect registry maintained by the State in which the covered individual resides for informa-tion on the covered individual, and request any other State in which the covered indi-vidual resided in the preceding 5 years, to en-able the tribal social services agency to check any child abuse and neglect registry maintained by that State for such informa-tion; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.022 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2895 May 23, 2016 
‘‘(ii) any other additional requirement that the Indian tribe determines is necessary and permissible within the existing authority of the Indian tribe, such as the creation of vol-untary agreements with State entities in order to facilitate the sharing of information related to the performance of criminal records checks. ‘‘(C) R
ESULTS .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), no foster care placement shall be ordered in any proceeding described in sub-paragraph (A) if an investigation described in clause (i) of that subparagraph reveals that a covered individual described in that clause has been found by a Federal, State, or tribal court to have committed any crime listed in clause (i) or (ii) of section 471(a)(20)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)(A)). ‘‘(3) E
MERGENCY PLACEMENT .—Paragraph (2) shall not apply to an emergency foster care placement, as determined by a tribal so-cial services agency. ‘‘(4) R
ECERTIFICATION OF FOSTER HOMES OR  
INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, each Indian tribe shall establish pro-cedures to recertify homes or institutions in which foster care placements are made. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The procedures described in subparagraph (A) shall include, at a min-imum, periodic intervals at which the home or institution shall be subject to recertifi-cation to ensure— ‘‘(i) the safety of the home or institution for the Indian child; and ‘‘(ii) that each covered individual who re-sides in the home or is employed at the insti-tution is subject to a criminal records check in accordance with this subsection, including any covered individual who— ‘‘(I) resides in the home or is employed at the institution on the date on which the pro-cedures established under subparagraph (A) commences; and ‘‘(II) did not reside in the home or was not employed at the institution on the date on which the investigation described in para-graph (2)(A)(i) was completed. ‘‘(C) G
UIDANCE ISSUED BY THE SECRETARY .— The procedures established under subpara-graph (A) shall be subject to any regulation or guidance issued by the Secretary that is in accordance with the purpose of this sub-section. ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section and after consultation with Indian tribes, the Secretary shall issue guidance re-garding— ‘‘(A) procedures for a criminal records check of any covered individual who— ‘‘(i) resides in the home or is employed at the institution in which the foster care placement is made after the date on which the investigation described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) is completed; and ‘‘(ii) was not the subject of an investiga-tion described in paragraph (2)(A)(i) before the foster care placement was made; ‘‘(B) self-reporting requirements for foster care homes or institutions in which any cov-ered individual described in subparagraph (A) resides if the head of the household or the operator of the institution has knowl-edge that the covered individual— ‘‘(i) has been found by a Federal, State, or tribal court to have committed any crime listed in clause (i) or (ii) of section 471(a)(20)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)(A)); or ‘‘(ii) is listed on a registry described in clause (II) or (III) of paragraph (2)(B)(i); ‘‘(C) promising practices used by Indian tribes to address emergency foster care placement procedures under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(D) procedures for certifying compliance with this Act.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of S. 184, the Native American Children’s Safety Act, which amends the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Pre-vention Act. The bill requires tribal Social Serv-ice agencies to perform character back-ground investigations of all foster care parents and adults living in foster care homes prior to placement of an Indian child into a foster home. This bill creates a framework by which tribes must conduct thorough background checks of individuals who reside in or are employed by a foster home or institution in which tribal fos-ter placements are made. The bill would protect Indian foster children from being placed if the back-ground check reveals a conviction by a Federal, State, or tribal court of felony child abuse, neglect, or crimes against children. S. 184 is the companion to H.R. 1168, sponsored by the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). H.R. 1168 passed the House of Representatives by voice vote on June 1, 2015. These bills are the culmination of years of work led by Mr. C
RAMER as he and his colleagues in the North Dakota delegation worked to address a very sad child abuse problem plaguing an In-dian reservation in his State. Passage of S. 184 is a critical first step toward ensuring that Indian chil-dren are placed in safe, secure, and lov-ing homes within their tribal commu-nities. Again, I would like to thank my good friend, the gentleman from North Da-kota (Mr. C
RAMER ), for his hard work on this important issue. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on S. 184. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are all aware of the challenges that Native children face when it comes to their health, safety, and security. For example, Native chil-dren are 2.1 times more likely than other American children to end up in foster care. They are also 2.5 times more likely to become victims of abuse or neglect. The Native American Children’s Safety Act will help to address these disparities by strengthening back-ground checks for prospective foster care parents prior to placement. In ad-dition, the legislation will ensure that Federal and tribal agencies conduct these checks in a uniform manner. The House previously passed an iden-tical bill, H.R. 1168, introduced by our colleague from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), and it is critical that we pass the Senate version as well. Mr. Speaker, there are many trou-bling issues that we in Congress must address in order to reverse the alarm-ing trends that we see today in the health, safety, and well-being of Native children. These kids deserve far more of our time and our attention; yet, for too long their needs have been neglected by this body. So, Mr. Speaker, I call on Congress to reverse this pattern of neglect and to start passing legislation like the bill before us today that will help protect and provide for our Native children. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sen-ators H
OEVEN and T ESTER for intro-ducing and moving the Native Amer-ican Children’s Safety Act through the Senate. I ask my colleagues to stand with me in support of S. 184 and in support of our Native children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ), the author of the House com-panion bill. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank now my two favorite marines. That was very nice. Thanks to both of them. Last Congress, in the Natural Re-sources Committee, we actually had an oversight hearing regarding the child protection crisis on the Spirit Lake In-dian Reservation in my State of North Dakota in response to numerous child deaths and whistleblower reports de-tailing unsafe tribal placement of al-most 40 foster children in abusive homes, many of these homes that were headed by convicted sex offenders. In an effort to protect these children, I did introduce the Native American Children’s Safety Act in the House, which is a companion bill, as noted by previous speakers, that was introduced in the Senate by Senator H
OEVEN and Senator T
ESTER . Both bills passed their respective Chambers without objection. Today I am asking my colleagues here in the House to join me in passing the Senate bill so that we can get it to the Presi-dent for his quick signature. As stated, the bill implements across-the-board minimum protections for children placed in foster care at the direction of a tribal court. And, yes, the statistics are stark. Native Amer-ican children are 2.5 times more likely to be victims of abuse or neglect than other American children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.010 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2896 May 23, 2016 
But, Mr. Speaker, children exposed to violence are also more likely to abuse drugs and alcohol. They are more like-ly to suffer from depression and anx-iety and other post-traumatic dis-orders. The standards in this bill mirror ex-isting national requirements for non- tribal foster care placements, ensuring that tribal children receive care at least equal to that in the protections afforded non-tribal children. It is bipartisan, as you can tell. It is noncontroversial, as you can tell. It was reported out of the Natural Re-sources Committee by unanimous con-sent both this Congress and the last Congress. But I want to add this word of thanks to other folks who were very helpful. I want to thank the National Indian Child Welfare Association, the Na-tional Congress of American Indians, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and the Department of Health and Human Services, all of whom provided insights and suggestions for this bill. Their counsel proved valuable in pro-viding the flexibility to the tribes without hampering, stepping on their sovereignty, so that they could transi-tion to these uniform standards and help save perhaps many, many lives on our reservations. I thank my colleagues. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 184. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5077) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Com-munity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment and Disability System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5077 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 102. Classified schedule of authoriza-tions. Sec. 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments. Sec. 104. Intelligence Community Manage-ment Account. TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT AND DIS-ABILITY SYSTEM Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Increase in employee compensation and benefits authorized by law. Sec. 302. Restriction on conduct of intel-ligence activities. Sec. 303. Authorization of appropriations for Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. Sec. 304. Modification of certain whistle-blowing procedures. Sec. 305. Reports on major defense intel-ligence acquisition programs. Sec. 306. Modifications to certain require-ments for construction of facili-ties. Sec. 307. Information on activities of Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board. Sec. 308. Clarification of authorization of certain activities of the Depart-ment of Energy. Sec. 309. Technical correction to Executive Schedule. Sec. 310. Maximum amount charged for de-classification reviews. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National Intelligence Sec. 401. Analyses and impact statements by Director of National Intel-ligence regarding actions by Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States. Sec. 402. National Counterintelligence and Security Center. Sec. 403. Assistance for governmental enti-ties and private entities in rec-ognizing online violent extrem-ist content. Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency and Other Elements Sec. 411. Enhanced death benefits for per-sonnel of the Central Intel-ligence Agency. Sec. 412. Pay and retirement authorities of the Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency. Sec. 413. Clarification of authority, direc-tion, and control over the infor-mation assurance directorate of the National Security Agency. Sec. 414. Living quarters allowance for em-ployees of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency. Sec. 415. Plan on assumption of certain weather missions by the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office. Sec. 416. Modernization of security clear-ance information technology architecture. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA Sec. 501. Declassification of information on past terrorist activities of de-tainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, after signing of Executive Order 13492. TITLE VI—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 601. Report on intelligence community employees detailed to National Security Council. Sec. 602. Intelligence community reporting to Congress on foreign fighter flows. Sec. 603. Report on information relating to academic programs, scholar-ships, fellowships, and intern-ships sponsored, administered, or used by the intelligence com-munity. Sec. 604. Report on cybersecurity threats to seaports of the United States and maritime shipping. Sec. 605. Report on counter-messaging ac-tivities. Sec. 606. Report on reprisals against con-tractors of the intelligence community. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means— (A) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the conduct of the intelligence and intelligence-related ac-tivities of the following elements of the United States Government: (1) The Office of the Director of National Intelligence. (2) The Central Intelligence Agency. (3) The Department of Defense. (4) The Defense Intelligence Agency. (5) The National Security Agency. (6) The Department of the Army, the De-partment of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force. (7) The Coast Guard. (8) The Department of State. (9) The Department of the Treasury. (10) The Department of Energy. (11) The Department of Justice. (12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. (13) The Drug Enforcement Administra-tion. (14) The National Reconnaissance Office. (15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. (16) The Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-TIONS. 
(a) S PECIFICATIONS OF AMOUNTS AND PER-
SONNEL LEVELS .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated under section 101 and, sub-ject to section 103, the authorized personnel ceilings as of September 30, 2017, for the con-duct of the intelligence activities of the ele-ments listed in paragraphs (1) through (16) of section 101, are those specified in the classi-fied Schedule of Authorizations prepared to accompany this Act. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE  
OFAUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY .—The classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in subsection (a) shall be made available to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the President. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT .—Sub- ject to paragraph (3), the President shall pro-vide for suitable distribution of the classified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.024 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2897 May 23, 2016 
Schedule of Authorizations, or of appropriate portions of the Schedule, within the execu-tive branch. (3) L
IMITS ON DISCLOSURE .—The President shall not publicly disclose the classified Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of such Schedule except— (A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Im-plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a)); (B) to the extent necessary to implement the budget; or (C) as otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 103. PERSONNEL CEILING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR INCREASES .—The Direc-tor of National Intelligence may authorize employment of civilian personnel in excess of the number authorized for fiscal year 2017 by the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a) if the Director of National Intelligence determines that such action is necessary to the performance of im-portant intelligence functions, except that the number of personnel employed in excess of the number authorized under such section may not, for any element of the intelligence community, exceed 3 percent of the number of civilian personnel authorized under such schedule for such element. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL .— The Director of National Intelligence shall establish guidelines that govern, for each element of the intelligence community, the treatment under the personnel levels author-ized under section 102(a), including any ex-emption from such personnel levels, of em-ployment or assignment in— (1) a student program, trainee program, or similar program; (2) a reserve corps or as a reemployed an-nuitant; or (3) details, joint duty, or long-term, full- time training. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE  C
OMMITTEES .—The Director of National In-telligence shall notify the congressional in-telligence committees in writing at least 15 days prior to each exercise of an authority described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-MENT ACCOUNT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of National Intel-ligence for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $518,596,000. Within such amount, funds iden-tified in the classified Schedule of Author-izations referred to in section 102(a) for ad-vanced research and development shall re-main available until September 30, 2018. (b) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .—The elements within the Intelligence Community Management Account of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence are authorized 787 posi-tions as of September 30, 2017. Personnel serving in such elements may be permanent employees of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence or personnel detailed from other elements of the United States Government. (c) C
LASSIFIED AUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Intelligence Community Man-agement Account by subsection (a), there are authorized to be appropriated for the Com-munity Management Account for fiscal year 2017 such additional amounts as are specified in the classified Schedule of Authorizations referred to in section 102(a). Such additional amounts for advanced research and develop-ment shall remain available until September 30, 2018. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL .—In addi- tion to the personnel authorized by sub-section (b) for elements of the Intelligence Community Management Account as of Sep-tember 30, 2017, there are authorized such ad-ditional personnel for the Community Man-agement Account as of that date as are spec-ified in the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions referred to in section 102(a). TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-TEM SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $514,000,000. TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. INCREASE IN EMPLOYEE COMPENSA-TION AND BENEFITS AUTHORIZED BY LAW. 
Appropriations authorized by this Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such com-pensation or benefits authorized by law. 
SEC. 302. RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF INTEL-LIGENCE ACTIVITIES. 
The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
SEC. 303. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR AUTHORIZATIONS .— Subsection (m) of section 1061 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(m)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(m) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) S
PECIFIC AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED .— Appropriated funds available to the Board may be obligated or expended to carry out activities under this section only if such funds were specifically authorized by Con-gress for use for such activities for such fis-cal year. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘specifically authorized by Congress’ has the meaning given that term in section 504(e) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(e)).’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for fiscal year 2017 the sum of $10,081,000 to carry out the activities of the Board under section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(m)). 
SEC. 304. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN WHISTLE-BLOWING PROCEDURES. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWING PRO-
CEDURES AVAILABLE TO CERTAIN PER-
SONNEL .—Subsection (a)(1)(A) of section 8H of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by inserting after ‘‘Secu-rity Agency,’’ the following: ‘‘including any such employee who is assigned or detailed to a combatant command or other element of the Federal Government,’’. (b) C
ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY .— (1) R
OLE OF DIRECTOR .—Section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking clause (ii); (ii) by striking ‘‘(i) Not’’ and inserting ‘‘Not’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to the Director’’ and in-serting ‘‘to the intelligence committees’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the intelligence committees’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the Direc-tor, through the Inspector General,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Inspector General’’; and (II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘the Di-rector, through the Inspector General,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General, in con-sultation with the Director,’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 17(d)(5) of such Act is further amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (C); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (H) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively. (B) Section 3001(j)(1)(C)(ii) of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)(C)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (D), and (H)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (C), and (G)’’. (c) O
THER ELEMENTS OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY .— (1) R
OLE OF HEADS .—Section 8H of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); (ii) by striking ‘‘(1) Not’’ and inserting ‘‘Not’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to the head of the estab-lishment’’ and inserting ‘‘to the intelligence committees’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the head of the establishment’’ and inserting ‘‘the in-telligence committees’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the head of the establishment, through the In-spector General,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspec-tor General’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the head of the establishment, through the In-spector General,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspec-tor General, in consultation with the head of the establishment,’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 8H of such Act is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) by redesignating subsections (d) through (i) as subsections (c) through (h), re-spectively; and (C) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsections (a) through (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) through (d)’’. (d) O
FFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  I
NTELLIGENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103H(k)(5) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(k)(5)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘to the congres-sional intelligence committees’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the congressional intelligence committees’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the Direc-tor, through the Inspector General,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Inspector General’’; and (II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘the Di-rector, through the Inspector General,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Inspector General, in con-sultation with the Director,’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 103H(k)(5) of such Act is further amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) through (I) as subparagraphs (C) through (H), respectively. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—None of the amendments made by this section may be construed to prohibit or otherwise affect the authority of an Inspector General of an ele-ment of the intelligence community, the In-spector General of the Central Intelligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2898 May 23, 2016 
Agency, or the Inspector General of the In-telligence Community to notify the head of the element of the intelligence community, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, or the Director of National Intel-ligence, as the case may be, of a complaint or information otherwise authorized by law. 
SEC. 305. REPORTS ON MAJOR DEFENSE INTEL-LIGENCE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 506J the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 506K. REPORTS ON MAJOR DEFENSE INTEL-LIGENCE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AT EACH MILESTONE APPROVAL. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT ON MILESTONE A.—Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone A or equivalent approval for a major defense in-telligence acquisition program, the mile-stone decision authority for the program shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report containing a brief summary of the following: ‘‘(1) The estimated cost and schedule for the program established by the military de-partment concerned, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the program acquisition unit cost and total life- cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program milestone and initial operational capability. ‘‘(2) The independent estimated cost for the program established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, and any independent estimated schedule for the program, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the program acquisition unit cost and total life- cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program milestone and initial operational capability. ‘‘(3) A summary of the technical risks, in-cluding cybersecurity risks and supply chain risks, associated with the program, as deter-mined by the military department con-cerned, including identification of any crit-ical technologies that need to be matured. ‘‘(4) A summary of the sufficiency review conducted by the Director of Cost Assess-ment and Program Evaluation of the Depart-ment of Defense of the analysis of alter-natives performed for the program (as re-ferred to in section 2366a(b)(6) of such title). ‘‘(5) Any other information the milestone decision authority considers relevant. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT ON MILESTONE B.—Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone B or equivalent approval for a major defense in-telligence acquisition program, the mile-stone decision authority for the program shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report containing a brief summary of the following: ‘‘(1) The estimated cost and schedule for the program established by the military de-partment concerned, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the program acquisition unit cost, average pro-curement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program milestone, initial operational test and eval-uation, and initial operational capability. ‘‘(2) The independent estimated cost for the program established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, and any independent estimated schedule for the program, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the program acquisition unit cost, average pro-curement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program milestone, initial operational test and eval-uation, and initial operational capability. ‘‘(3) A summary of the technical risks, in-cluding cybersecurity risks and supply chain risks, associated with the program, as deter-mined by the military department con-cerned, including identification of any crit-ical technologies that have not been success-fully demonstrated in a relevant environ-ment. ‘‘(4) A summary of the sufficiency review conducted by the Director of Cost Assess-ment and Program Evaluation of the anal-ysis of alternatives performed for the pro-gram pursuant to section 2366a(b)(6) of such title. ‘‘(5) A statement of whether the prelimi-nary design review for the program described in section 2366b(a)(1) of such title has been completed. ‘‘(6) Any other information the milestone decision authority considers relevant. ‘‘(c) REPORT ON MILESTONE C.—Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone C or equivalent approval for a major defense in-telligence acquisition program, the mile-stone decision authority for the program shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report containing a brief summary of the following: ‘‘(1) The estimated cost and schedule for the program established by the military de-partment concerned, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the program acquisition unit cost, average pro-curement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for initial oper-ational test and evaluation and initial oper-ational capability. ‘‘(2) The independent estimated cost for the program established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, and any independent estimated schedule for the program, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the program acquisition unit cost, average pro-curement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for initial oper-ational test and evaluation and initial oper-ational capability. ‘‘(3) The cost and schedule estimates ap-proved by the milestone decision authority for the program. ‘‘(4) A summary of the production, manu-facturing, and fielding risks, including cy-bersecurity risks and supply chain risks, as-sociated with the program. ‘‘(5) Any other information the milestone decision authority considers relevant. ‘‘(d) I
NITIAL OPERATING CAPABILITY OR  F
ULLOPERATING CAPABILITY .—Not later than 15 days after a major defense intelligence ac-quisition program reaches initial operating capability or full operating capability, the milestone decision authority for the program shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of the program reaching such ca-pability. ‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—At the re-quest of any of the appropriate congressional committees, the milestone decision author-ity shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees further information or underlying documentation for the informa-tion in a report submitted under subsection (a), (b), or (c), including the independent cost and schedule estimates and the independent technical risk assessments referred to in those subsections. ‘‘(f) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in- formation required under this section has been included in another report or assess-ment previously submitted to the congres-sional intelligence committees under sec-tions 506A, 506C, or 506E, the milestone deci-sion authority may provide a list of such re-ports and assessments at the time of submit-ting a report required under this section in-stead of including such information in such report. ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means the congressional intel-ligence committees and the congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code). ‘‘(2) The term ‘major defense intelligence acquisition program’ means a major defense acquisition program (as defined in section 2430 of title 10, United States Code) that re-lates to intelligence or intelligence-related activities. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Milestone A approval’ has the meaning given that term in section 2366a(d) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(4) The terms ‘Milestone B approval’ and ‘Milestone C approval’ have the meaning given those terms in section 2366(e) of such title. ‘‘(5) The term ‘milestone decision author-ity’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2366a(d) of such title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 506J the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 506K. Reports on major defense intel-ligence acquisition programs at each milestone approval.’’. 
SEC. 306. MODIFICATIONS TO CERTAIN REQUIRE-MENTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NCLUSION IN BUDGET REQUESTS OF CER-
TAIN PROJECTS .—Section 8131 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 1995 (Public Law 103–335; 50 U.S.C. 3303) is re-pealed. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—Section 602(a)(2) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–359; 50 U.S.C. 3304(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘improve-ment project to’’ and inserting ‘‘project for the improvement, repair, or modification of’’. 
SEC. 307. INFORMATION ON ACTIVITIES OF PRI-VACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVER-SIGHT BOARD. 
Section 1061(d) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(d)) is further amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) A
CTIVITIES .—In addition to the re-ports submitted to Congress under sub-section (e)(1)(B), the Board shall ensure that each official and congressional committee specified in subparagraph (B) is kept fully and currently informed of the activities of the Board, including any significant antici-pated activities. ‘‘(B) O
FFICIALS AND CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES SPECIFIED .—The officials and congres-sional committees specified in this subpara-graph are the following: ‘‘(i) The Director of National Intelligence. ‘‘(ii) The head of any element of the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) the activities of which are, or are anticipated to be, the subject of the re-view or advice of the Board. ‘‘(iii) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 308. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN ACTIVITIES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
Funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the Department of Energy shall be deemed to be authorized to be appropriated for such activities, including for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2899 May 23, 2016 
SEC. 309. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO EXECU-TIVE SCHEDULE. 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to ‘‘Director of the National Counter Prolifera-tion Center.’’. 
SEC. 310. MAXIMUM AMOUNT CHARGED FOR DE-CLASSIFICATION REVIEWS. 
In reviewing and processing a request by a person for the mandatory declassification of information pursuant to Executive Order 13526, a successor executive order, or any other provision of law, the head of an ele-ment of the intelligence community— (1) may not charge the person reproduction fees in excess of the amount of fees that the head would charge the person for reproduc-tion required in the course of processing a request for information under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’); and (2) may waive or reduce any processing fees in the same manner as the head waives or re-duces fees under such section 552. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELE-MENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY Subtitle A—Office of the Director of National Intelligence 
SEC. 401. ANALYSES AND IMPACT STATEMENTS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL-LIGENCE REGARDING ACTIONS BY COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVEST-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graphs: ‘‘(E) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESSIONAL INTEL -
LIGENCE COMMITTEES .—Not later than 5 days after the completion of a review or an inves-tigation of a covered transaction under this subsection that concludes action under this section, the Director shall submit to the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate an analysis under subparagraph (A) relating to such covered transaction previously provided to the Committee, including any supple-ments or amendments to such analysis made by the Director. ‘‘(F) I
MPACT STATEMENTS .—Not later than 60 days after the completion of a review or an investigation of a covered transaction under this subsection that concludes action under this section, the Director shall deter-mine whether the covered transaction will have an operational impact on the intel-ligence community, and, if so, shall submit a report on such impact to the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. Each such re-port shall— ‘‘(i) describe the operational impact of the covered transaction on the intelligence com-munity; and ‘‘(ii) describe any actions that have been or will be taken to mitigate such impact.’’. 
SEC. 402. NATIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY CENTER. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION OF OFFICE OF NATIONAL  C
OUNTERINTELLIGENCE EXECUTIVE .—Section 904 of the Counterintelligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 3383) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive’’ each place it appears (including in the section heading) and inserting ‘‘National Counterintelligence and Security Center’’; (2) by striking ‘‘National Counterintel-ligence Executive’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Center’’; (3) in the headings of subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘of Office’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Center’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘by the Office’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Center’’; and (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘that the Office’’ and inserting ‘‘that the Center’’; (5) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘by the Office’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Center’’; (6) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘of the Of-fice’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Center’’; and (7) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘of the Of-fice’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of the Center’’. (b) REDESIGNATION OF NATIONAL COUNTER -
INTELLIGENCE EXECUTIVE .—Section 902 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3382) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There shall be a Di-rector of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘the Director’), who shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate.’’; (2) by striking ‘‘National Counterintel-ligence Executive’’ each place it appears (in-cluding the section heading) and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘National Counter-intelligence and Security Center’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) N
ATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947 .—The Na- tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 102A(f)(2), by inserting after ‘‘Counterterrorism Center’’ the following: ‘‘, the National Counterproliferation Center, and the National Counterintelligence and Security Center,’’; (B) in section 103(c)(8), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Counterintelligence Executive (in-cluding the Office of the National Counter-intelligence Executive)’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center’’; and (C) in section 103F, by striking ‘‘National Counterintelligence Executive’’ each place it appears (including in the headings) and in-serting ‘‘Director of the National Counter-intelligence and Security Center’’. (2) I
NTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR  
FISCAL YEAR 1995 .—Section 811 of the Counter-intelligence and Security Enhancements Act of 1994 (title VIII of Public Law 103–359; 50 U.S.C. 3381) is amended— (A) in subsections (b) and (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The National Counterintelligence Execu-tive’’ and inserting ‘‘The Director of the Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Cen-ter’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘to the National Counter-intelligence Executive’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Director of the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive’’ and insert-ing ‘‘National Counterintelligence and Secu-rity Center’’. (3) I
NTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR  
FISCAL YEAR 2004 .—Section 341(b) of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–177; 28 U.S.C. 519 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Office of the National Counterintelligence Executive’’ and insert-ing ‘‘National Counterintelligence and Secu-rity Center’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by striking the item relating to section 103F and insert-ing the following: ‘‘Sec. 103F. Director of the National Coun-terintelligence and Security Center.’’. (e) CONFORMING STYLE .—Any new language inserted or added to a provision of law by the amendments made by this section shall con-form to the typeface and typestyle of the matter in which the language is so inserted or added. (f) T
ECHNICAL EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) of sec-tion 401 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division M of Public Law 114–113) shall not take effect, or, if the date of the enactment of this Act is on or after the effective date specified in sub-section (b) of such section, such amendment shall be deemed to not have taken effect. 
SEC. 403. ASSISTANCE FOR GOVERNMENTAL EN-TITIES AND PRIVATE ENTITIES IN RECOGNIZING ONLINE VIOLENT EX-TREMIST CONTENT. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TORECOGNIZE ONLINE VIO-
LENT EXTREMIST CONTENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intel-ligence shall publish on a publicly available Internet website a list of all logos, symbols, insignia, and other markings commonly as-sociated with, or adopted by, an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (b) U
PDATES .—The Director shall update the list published under subsection (a) every 180 days or more frequently as needed. Subtitle B—Central Intelligence Agency and Other Elements 
SEC. 411. ENHANCED DEATH BENEFITS FOR PER-SONNEL OF THE CENTRAL INTEL-LIGENCE AGENCY. 
Section 11 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3511) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘
BENEFITS AVAILABLE IN EVENT OF THE DEATH  
OF PERSONNEL  ‘‘S
EC. 11. (a) A UTHORITY .—The Director may pay death benefits substantially similar to those authorized for members of the For-eign Service pursuant to the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.) or any other provision of law. The Director may ad-just the eligibility for death benefits as nec-essary to meet the unique requirements of the mission of the Agency. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Regulations issued pursuant to this section shall be submitted to the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate before such regulations take ef-fect.’’. 
SEC. 412. PAY AND RETIREMENT AUTHORITIES OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-CY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 17(e)(7) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C)(i) The Inspector General may des-ignate an officer or employee appointed in accordance with subparagraph (A) as a law enforcement officer solely for purposes of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, if such officer or employee is appointed to a position with re-sponsibility for investigating suspected of-fenses against the criminal laws of the United States. ‘‘(ii) In carrying out clause (i), the Inspec-tor General shall ensure that any authority under such clause is exercised in a manner consistent with section 3307 of title 5, United States Code, as it relates to law enforcement officers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2900 May 23, 2016 
‘‘(iii) For purposes of applying sections 3307(d), 8335(b), and 8425(b) of title 5, United States Code, the Inspector General may exer-cise the functions, powers, and duties of an agency head or appointing authority with re-spect to the Office.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (C) of section 17(e)(7) of the Central Intel-ligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(e)(7)), as added by subsection (a), may not be construed to confer on the Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency, or any other officer or employee of the Agen-cy, any police or law enforcement or internal security functions or authorities. 
SEC. 413. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY, DIREC-TION, AND CONTROL OVER THE IN-FORMATION ASSURANCE DIREC-TORATE OF THE NATIONAL SECU-RITY AGENCY. 
Section 142(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subparagraph (D). 
SEC. 414. LIVING QUARTERS ALLOWANCE FOR EMPLOYEES OF THE DEFENSE IN-TELLIGENCE AGENCY. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding sections 1603 and 1605 of title 10, United States Code, and subchapter III of chapter 59 of title 5, a civilian employee of the Defense Intelligence Agency who is assigned to a directorate of a geographic combatant command that is headquartered outside of the United States may not receive a living quarters allowance. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a pay period beginning on or after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 415. PLAN ON ASSUMPTION OF CERTAIN WEATHER MISSIONS BY THE NA-TIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE. 
(a) P LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office shall develop a plan for the National Reconnaissance Office to address how to carry out covered space- based environmental monitoring missions. Such plan shall include— (A) a description of the related national se-curity requirements for such missions; (B) a description of the appropriate manner to meet such requirements; and (C) the amount of funds that would be nec-essary to be transferred from the Air Force to the National Reconnaissance Office during fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out such plan. (2) A
CTIVITIES .—In developing the plan under paragraph (1), the Director may con-duct pre-acquisition activities, including with respect to requests for information, analyses of alternatives, study contracts, modeling and simulation, and other activi-ties the Director determines necessary to de-velop such plan. (3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for fiscal year 2018 under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Di-rector shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees the plan under para-graph (1). (b) I
NDEPENDENT COSTESTIMATE .—The Di- rector of the Cost Assessment Improvement Group of the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, in coordination with the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense, shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the amounts of funds iden-tified under subsection (a)(1)(C) as being nec-essary to transfer are appropriate and in-clude funding for positions and personnel to support program office costs. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; and (B) the congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code). (2) The term ‘‘covered space-based environ-mental monitoring missions’’ means the ac-quisition programs necessary to meet the na-tional security requirements for cloud char-acterization and theater weather imagery. 
SEC. 416. MODERNIZATION OF SECURITY CLEAR-ANCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence shall support the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of Defense in the efforts of the Secretary to develop and implement an in-formation technology system (in this section referred to as the ‘‘System’’) to— (1) modernize and sustain the security clearance information architecture of the National Background Investigations Bureau and the Department of Defense; (2) support decisionmaking processes for the evaluation and granting of personnel se-curity clearances; (3) improve cybersecurity capabilities with respect to sensitive security clearance data and processes; (4) reduce the complexity and cost of the security clearance process; (5) provide information to managers on the financial and administrative costs of the se-curity clearance process; (6) strengthen the ties between counter-intelligence and personnel security commu-nities; and (7) improve system standardization in the security clearance process. (b) G
UIDANCE .—The Director of National Intelligence shall support the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Secretary of Defense in the efforts of the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and the Secretary to issue guidance es-tablishing the respective roles, responsibil-ities, and obligations of the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, the Sec-retary, and the Director of National Intel-ligence, with respect to the development and implementation of the System. TITLE V—MATTERS RELATING TO UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA 
SEC. 501. DECLASSIFICATION OF INFORMATION ON PAST TERRORIST ACTIVITIES OF DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, AFTER SIGNING OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 13492. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall— (1) in the manner described in the classi-fied annex that accompanies this Act— (A) complete a declassification review of intelligence reports prepared by the National Counterterrorism Center prior to Periodic Review Board sessions or detainee transfers on the past terrorist activities of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who were trans-ferred or released from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, after the signing of Executive Order 13492 (relating to the closure of the detention facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba); and (B) make available to the public any infor-mation declassified as a result of the declas-sification review; and (2) submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report setting forth— (A) the results of the declassification re-view; and (B) if any information covered by the de-classification review was not declassified pursuant to the review, a justification for the determination not to declassify such in-formation. (b) PASTTERRORIST ACTIVITIES .—For pur- poses of this section, the past terrorist ac-tivities of an individual shall include the ter-rorist activities conducted by the individual before the transfer of the individual to the detention facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, including, at a minimum, the following: (1) The terrorist organization, if any, with which affiliated. (2) The terrorist training, if any, received. (3) The role in past terrorist attacks against the interests or allies of the United States. (4) The direct responsibility, if any, for the death of citizens of the United States or members of the Armed Forces. (5) Any admission of any matter specified in paragraphs (1) through (4). TITLE VI—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 601. REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE COMMU-NITY EMPLOYEES DETAILED TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees a report listing, by year, the number of employees of an element of the intelligence community who have been detailed to the National Secu-rity Council during the 10-year period pre-ceding the date of the report. 
SEC. 602. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY REPORT-ING TO CONGRESS ON FOREIGN FIGHTER FLOWS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on for-eign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to each terrorist safe haven, the fol-lowing: (1) The total number of foreign fighters who have traveled or are suspected of having traveled to the terrorist safe haven since 2011, including the countries of origin of such foreign fighters. (2) The total number of United States citi-zens present in the terrorist safe haven. (3) The total number of foreign fighters who have left the terrorist safe haven or whose whereabouts are unknown. (c) F
ORM.—The reports submitted under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. If such a report is submitted in classi-fied form, such report shall also include an unclassified summary. (d) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit reports under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) in the Senate— (A) the Committee on Armed Services; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; (E) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2901 May 23, 2016 
(F) the Committee on Foreign Relations; and (G) the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) in the House of Representatives— (A) the Committee on Armed Services; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security; (E) the Committee on Financial Services; (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (G) the Committee on Appropriations. 
SEC. 603. REPORT ON INFORMATION RELATING TO ACADEMIC PROGRAMS, SCHOL-ARSHIPS, FELLOWSHIPS, AND IN-TERNSHIPS SPONSORED, ADMINIS-TERED, OR USED BY THE INTEL-LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to Congress a report by the intelligence community regarding covered academic pro-grams. Such report shall include— (1) a description of the extent to which the Director and the heads of the elements of the intelligence community independently col-lect information on covered academic pro-grams, including with respect to— (A) the number of applicants for such pro-grams; (B) the number of individuals who have participated in such programs; and (C) the number of individuals who have participated in such programs and were hired by an element of the intelligence community after completing such program; (2) to the extent that the Director and the heads independently collect the information described in paragraph (1), a chart, table, or other compilation illustrating such informa-tion for each covered academic program and element of the intelligence community, as appropriate, during the three-year period preceding the date of the report; and (3) to the extent that the Director and the heads do not independently collect the infor-mation described in paragraph (1) as of the date of the report— (A) whether the Director and the heads can begin collecting such information during fis-cal year 2017; and (B) the personnel, tools, and other re-sources required by the Director and the heads to independently collect such informa-tion. (b) C
OVERED ACADEMIC PROGRAMS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered academic programs’’ means— (1) the Federal Cyber Scholarship-for-Serv-ice Program under section 302 of the Cyber-security Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442); (2) the National Security Education Pro-gram under the David L. Boren National Se-curity Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); (3) the Science, Mathematics, and Re-search for Transformation Defense Edu-cation Program under section 2192a of title 10, United States Code; (4) the National Centers of Academic Ex-cellence in Information Assurance and Cyber Defense of the National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security; and (5) any other academic program, scholar-ship program, fellowship program, or intern-ship program sponsored, administered, or used by an element of the intelligence com-munity. 
SEC. 604. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY THREATS TO SEAPORTS OF THE UNITED STATES AND MARITIME SHIPPING. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, and consistent with the protection of sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the cy-bersecurity threats to, and the cyber vulnerabilities within, the software, commu-nications networks, computer networks, or other systems employed by— (1) entities conducting significant oper-ations at seaports in the United States; (2) the maritime shipping concerns of the United States; and (3) entities conducting significant oper-ations at transshipment points in the United States. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of any recent and signifi-cant cyberattacks or cybersecurity threats directed against software, communications networks, computer networks, or other sys-tems employed by the entities and concerns described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a). (2) An assessment of— (A) any planned cyberattacks directed against such software, networks, and sys-tems; (B) any significant vulnerabilities to such software, networks, and systems; and (C) how such entities and concerns are mitigating such vulnerabilities. (3) An update on the status of the efforts of the Coast Guard to include cybersecurity concerns in the National Response Frame-work, Emergency Support Functions, or both, relating to the shipping or ports of the United States. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; and (2) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 605. REPORT ON COUNTER-MESSAGING AC-TIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the counter-mes-saging activities of the Department of Home-land Security with respect to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of whether, and to what extent, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in conducting counter-messaging activities with respect to the Islamic State and other extremist groups, consults or coordinates with the Secretary of State, regarding the counter-messaging activities undertaken by the Department of State with respect to the Islamic State and other extremist groups, in-cluding counter-messaging activities con-ducted by the Global Engagement Center of the Department of State. (2) Any criteria employed by the Secretary of Homeland Security for selecting, devel-oping, promulgating, or changing the counter-messaging approach of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, including any counter-messaging narratives, with respect to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; and (2) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate. SEC. 606. REPORT ON REPRISALS AGAINST CON-TRACTORS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Intelligence Commu-nity, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on reprisals made against covered contractor employees. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Identification of the number of known or suspected reprisals made against covered contractor employees during the five-year period preceding the date of the report. (2) An evaluation of the usefulness of es-tablishing in law a prohibition on reprisals against covered contractor employees as a means of encouraging such contractors to make protected disclosures. (3) A description of any challenges associ-ated with establishing in law such a prohibi-tion, including with respect to the nature of the relationship between the Federal Gov-ernment, the contractor, and the covered contractor employee. (4) A description of any approaches taken by the Federal Government to account for reprisals against non-intelligence commu-nity contractors who make protected disclo-sures, including pursuant to section 2409 of title 10, United States Code, and sections 4705 and 4712 of title 41, United States Code. (5) Any recommendations the Inspector General determines appropriate. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional intelligence commit-tees; and (B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘covered contractor em-ployee’’ means an employee of a contractor of an element of the intelligence community. (3) The term ‘‘reprisal’’ means the dis-charge, demotion, or other discriminatory personnel action made against a covered contractor employee for making a disclosure of information that would be a disclosure protected by law if the contractor were an employee of the Federal Government. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill, H.R. 5077. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Passing an annual intelligence au-thorization bill is the most important tool Congress has to conduct effective oversight of the intelligence activities of the U.S. Government. Today, Rank-ing Member S
CHIFF and I are bringing the seventh consecutive intelligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.012 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2902 May 23, 2016 
authorization bill to the floor. I am pleased to say that, as in past years, this bill is a bipartisan product that re-flects the contributions of all of the committee’s members. It was reported out of the committee by a unanimous voice vote. Because most of the intelligence budget involves highly classified pro-grams, the bulk of the committee’s schedule of authorization and direction are found in the classified annex to the bill. The classified annex has been available in HVC–304 for all Members to review since Friday, April 29. At the unclassified level, I can report that the overall funding authorized by this bill is slightly above the Presi-dent’s budget request, but still below last year’s enacted level. The overall funding is also consistent with the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015. Further-more, the bill funds the Military Intel-ligence Program in line with the levels of the House-passed National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The bill funds high-priority initia-tives not included in the President’s re-quest, trims requested increases that lack clear justifications, and reflects the committee’s determinations of which programs represent the best value for intelligence dollars in a chal-lenging budget environment. Mr. Speaker, today the threat level facing America is higher than at any time since 9/11. ISIL has established safe havens in Syria, Iraq, and Libya, and the group hopes to create caliph-ates stretching from Lebanon to Iraq, including Jordan and Israel. The goal of our counterterrorism strategy should be to deny safe havens from which terrorists can plot attacks against the United States and our al-lies. Regrettably, we have not pre-vented ISIL from establishing a safe haven, and the group has become skilled at hiding from Western intel-ligence services. ISIL members have used that breathing room to plan at-tacks in Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East, and they are undoubtedly planning attacks against the homeland here in the United States. This bill will ensure that the dedi-cated men and women of our intel-ligence community have the funding, authorities, and support they need to carry out their mission and to keep us safe. Before closing, I want to take a mo-ment to thank the men and women of this country who serve in our intel-ligence community. I am honored to get to know so many of them in the course of the committee’s oversight work. I would like to thank all of the com-mittee’s members—majority and mi-nority—for their contributions to our oversight over the past year, and espe-cially our subcommittee chairmen and ranking members for their expertise on the programs within their subcommit-tees’ jurisdiction. The many hearings, briefings, and oversight visits our members carry out during the year provide the inputs for the authoriza-tion and direction in this annual bill. I would also like to thank the staff of the committee for their hard work on the bill and for their daily oversight of the intelligence community. In particular, I would like to thank Shannon Stuart, Nick Ciarlante, Scott Glabe, Bill Flanigan, Lisa Major, Geof Kahn, Chelsey Campbell, Andrew House, Doug Presley, Steve Keith, George Pappas, Jack Langer, Crystal Weeks, Jake Crisp, and Diane Rinaldo. I would also like to thank our two fel-lows from the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Alex Kent and Philip Tubesing. All of these staff members spent long hours working on the legis-lative text and its classified annex, and the bill is stronger for it. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 5077, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, May 20, 2016. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 5077, the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ The bill includes provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will forego action on this bill. However, this is conditional based on our mutual understanding that foregoing consid-eration of H.R. 5077 at this time does not prejudice this Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or any fixture ju-risdictional claim over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the under-standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such a request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with re-spect to H.R. 5077, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I look forward to working with the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , W ASHINGTON , DC, M
AY23, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5077, the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. As you noted, certain provisions of the bill are related to the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Homeland Security. I agree that your letter in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Homeland Security with respect to the appointment of conferees or any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legisla-tion. I appreciate your willingness to assist in expediting this legislation for floor consider-ation. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your assist-ance with this matter. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I would like to thank Chair-man N
UNES , who has once again proven an invaluable partner on the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence. The Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 is the fourth major piece of bipartisan legislation that we advanced together in less than 18 months. That is no small feat. Working together, we have proven yet again what this body can achieve when the country’s interests are put first: solv-ing real problems for each and every American, as well as for people around the world; supporting the men and women of the largest and most capable intelligence community—who work day and night to keep us safe—while ensuring strict oversight of even the most highly classified activities. Chairman N
UNES and I do not agree on everything, nor should we. We have different perspectives and speak for an even broader group of Representatives in the body as a whole. There are provi-sions I wish had been in this bill and some I wish were not in the bill. I know my majority colleagues feel the same way about other provisions. I also be-lieve we could have done this bill under a more open rule. But because we all rolled up our sleeves and worked to-gether, the bill before us today is an exceptional work product, and I am very proud to support it. It is also an honest bill. There are no budget gimmicks to evade spending commitments. While the bill contains a classified annex and schedule of au-thorizations, each and every page has been available, and will remain avail-able, to every Member for review. This bill also reaffirms one of my core convictions, borne out by the other three bills our committee has passed: that privacy and security can and must coexist. The bill funds and authorizes vital programs and activities of the U.S. in-telligence community, including the Department of Defense intelligence ele-ments. At the same time, the IAA’s several hundred pages provide detailed guidance, strict authorization, and clear limitations on the IC’s activities. Turning to more specifics, this year’s IAA authorizes intelligence funding nearly equivalent to the President’s budget request, which is about the same level as fiscal year 2016’s enacted budget level. The base budget author-ization is nearly equal to the Presi-dent’s request, and the overseas contin-gency operations authorization is roughly 1.5 percent above the request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.027 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2903 May 23, 2016 
The bill trims some unnecessary funding and reprioritizes resource allo-cations, adds money to underfunded programs, and provides congressional direction to ensure greater account-ability, transparency, and efficiency within the IC. It also fences, or re-stricts the spending of, significant amounts of money to better ensure continuous IC accountability through-out the year. The IAA also addresses the key stra-tegic questions that we have been ask-ing over the course of the year: First, are we focusing too much on the threats of the day at the expense of the threats of tomorrow? We do not have the luxury of choos-ing our challenges. Over the years, we have spent significant resources on counterterrorism priorities in the Mid-dle East and South Asia, and, of course, we must continue to focus on counterterrorism, particularly with the enduring threat of ISIL. But at the same time, we cannot dis-regard our near-peer competitors, such as China and Russia, whose increasing adventurism challenges our interests and influence abroad and threatens our allies and partners. I am pleased this year’s IAA strikes a better balance be-tween the near-term threats and longer term challenges that we face. Second, are we sufficiently pro-tecting what we currently have, wheth-er in space, at sea, or in the cyber realm? Our space, cyber, and sea assets are the most advanced in the world, but unless we are careful, they will become increasingly vulnerable. To better se-cure them, this bill wisely invests in cyber and supply chain security, as well as in resilience and other means of protection. Third, are we leveraging commercial products and services while, at the same time, making investments in rev-olutionary technologies that do not yet have commercial application? We have the world’s most productive and innovative private sector, particu-larly when it comes to space. We must leverage and support it wherever we can, which I am pleased the IAA does. At the same time, this bill recognizes that government must invest in the most advanced, game-changing tech-nologies that do not yet have a mar-ket. Fourth, are we recruiting, training, and developing the most effective and diverse workforce, as well as leveraging foreign intelligence rela-tionships and building foreign partner capacity? The U.S. has the most advanced, ca-pable, and reliable intelligence commu-nity in the world. Wherever I travel, I am continually impressed and inspired when I meet these brave and talented women and men. This bill identifies ways to further support and improve the workforce by expanding diversity in the IC, promoting travel, and sup-porting language training. It also pro-vides critical support to build the ca-pacity of foreign partner services and does so strategically, in a way that helps ensure the utmost profes-sionalism and respect for the rule of law. As is the case in nearly all legisla-tion, as I mentioned at the outset, this bill is not perfect. For years, I have pushed the adminis-tration and Congress to support the publication of an annual report on the number of combatants and noncombat-ants killed in lethal strikes. Despite our best efforts to ensure to a near cer-tainty that no civilians will be killed or injured, sometimes strikes do result in civilian casualties, and it is impor-tant that we acknowledge these acci-dents, learn from them, and be open about them. At the same time, greater transparency can help narrow the per-ception gap between what really hap-pens and what is reported or sent out as propaganda. Soon, the administration will release the first accountability report on non-combatant casualties and injuries. This is a good thing. But I also believe that there is a value and a statutory re-quirement to make this executive ac-tion permanent, ensuring that our commitment to transparency extends beyond the term of the current admin-istration. This is an issue that I believe the IAA or NDAA should have ad-dressed, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to push for this change to be codified into law. As I said at the outset, this bill is truly bipartisan, carefully refined, and an honest effort to secure our Nation while safeguarding privacy and civil liberties. I am proud to support this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Once again, I want to thank Chair-man N
UNES and all of the members of HPSCI. I look forward to working with the Senate, the administration, and with all my colleagues throughout the remainder of this Congress to further improve the bill as it progresses to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for allowing me to speak in support of the Intelligence Author-ization Act. Fifteen years or so ago, I was pilot-ing the B–1, which is one of the most sophisticated aircraft or weapons sys-tems ever developed. At the time, I was preparing to take on the global threats that we were dealing with, but I was re-minded that we live in a dangerous world and that the fundamental re-sponsibility of the Federal Government is to protect Americans and to provide for our mutual defense. In the many years since then, I would argue that our Nation faces even great-er threats than those I faced during the times that I flew in the Air Force. b1530 Russia is, again, increasing its role in Eurasia through formulating strategic partnerships, co-opting local officials, and utilizing its military to establish strongholds in ways we really haven’t seen since the height of the cold war. China has dramatically expanded its militaristic sphere in the South China Sea and in other locations. Rogue states like Iran and North Korea continue to develop and expand their weapons of mass destruction pro-grams. And, of course, there is always the Middle East, a thing that we often think about and that we spend so much time worrying about, that requires so much of our resources. It is only through the intelligence community that we are able to identify and then respond to these threats. In fact, as we all know, just yesterday we learned of a U.S. air strike that killed Mullah Mansoor, the head of the Taliban. Successful operations like this are made possible because of the great work of our intelligence commu-nity. That is why we must pass the Intel-ligence Authorization Act. This bill continues to authorize critical national security programs at a time when we face the most significant threat levels since World War II. In my travels around the world, I have this great blessing of working with members from the intelligence community. I see what they do is dan-gerous. It is exhausting. It is the dirty work down in the trenches, but it is critical to our national security. That is why I ask my colleagues to join with me in supporting this impor-tant legislation. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. SWALWELL ), who is one of our subcommittee ranking members. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank my esteemed col-league, the ranking member from Cali-fornia, for yielding the time today, and for leading and presiding on our side over this bill. I would also like to thank the staff on both sides for their hard work on this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act, or the IAA. I also appreciate the opportunity to stand here in support of this year’s bi-partisan IAA. We ask a lot of our intel-ligence community when it comes to collaboration. When they collaborate, they best keep us safe. What we are doing today is we are sending to the floor a bill that reflects our own col-laboration and shows that what we ex-pect of them, we can also deliver to the House floor. I am pleased that this bill promotes our national security around the globe and, in particular, our human intel-ligence capabilities, which still, I be-lieve, remain at risk and could benefit from an even greater focus within the IC. I am also pleased that the IAA in-cludes, as a stand-alone provision, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.028 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2904 May 23, 2016 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act that Representative L
OBIONDO and I brought to the floor earlier this year, which passed the House unanimously and helps track the foreign fighter flows to and from ter-rorist safe havens abroad, a growing problem in today’s world. This year’s IAA committee report also includes a provision I added re-quiring a report from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, ana-lyzing the status of student loan for-giveness and debt counseling programs across the IC and the viability of IC- wide programs. As student debt con-tinues to cripple this generation, we must determine the best incentive packages available to young intel-ligence officers abroad and here at home in order to continue to recruit and retain the best, brightest, and most diverse to public service, regard-less of their financial situation because they went to college. I am also pleased that this bill calls for a report from the Department of Homeland Security and the Depart-ment of Energy on their current utili-zation of national labs expertise, and opportunities for areas of expansion. My own congressional district is home to two of these labs—Lawrence Liver-more and Sandia. I have seen firsthand how they work to strengthen our na-tional security. Just as we must train and retain the best and brightest of the IC, we must continue to leverage the great talent found in our national labs. I encourage all of our Members to support this year’s collaborative bipar-tisan IAA. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. S
EWELL ), also one of our subcommittee ranking members. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to support this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act. Our national security is truly a bi-partisan issue, and this legislation is a reflection of both parties’ shared com-mitment to the safety and security of all Americans. This bill helps provide our intelligence community with the necessary resources and capabilities to defend our Nation against ongoing and emerging threats around the world. As a ranking member on the DOD In-telligence and Overhead Architecture Subcommittee, I am pleased that the language and direction in this bill con-tinues to advance our capabilities on the ground and in space, and provides necessary oversight of many critical DOD, NRO, and NGA programs. Addi-tionally, this legislation takes impor-tant steps towards enhancing thorough oversight of our surveillance capabili-ties while continuing to make cal-culated investments in critically im-portant strategic efforts. In the IAA, we also invest in our greatest national resource—our people. By accepting provisions that I drafted to promote diversity in the IC work-force, we are now able to provide a summer internship program to stu-dents from the existing Centers of Aca-demic Excellence. We also now hold the IC more accountable for doing a better job of developing a matrix to assess how minority fellowship and internship programs actually achieve their de-sired results. This past weekend I had the pleasure, along with Congressman ANDRE´CAR-
SON, to attend and be honored at the 3rd Annual African American National Security and Intelligence Leadership Summit. This annual event serves as a rare opportunity for African Americans in the IC to gain leadership insights from top national security officials. It was also a great occasion and further reaffirmed my commitment to helping ensure robust diversity throughout the entire IC. We were also successful in this year’s IAA to include bipartisan language that promotes accountability and transparency in all IC federally funded academic programs by requiring agen-cies to report on their recruitment and retention efforts. Increasing diversity and accountability in the IC is a good governance issue and makes all of us better because it ensures unique and creative ways of problem-solving, which is increasingly necessary as we face more complex intelligence chal-lenges. As a committee, I am extremely proud of the work we did. We took great pains to cut unnecessary funding while prioritizing the need to improve upon processes and promote effi-ciencies in the IC. The reality is that we live in a world where potential threats to our Nation are constantly developing and changing. As our mili-tary missions and intelligence objec-tives continue to evolve, we need an in-telligence community that is diverse, agile, and adequately funded. I am proud to support this year’s In-telligence Authorization Act. I want to commend my chairman and ranking member and all of the staff for all of their hard work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this critically important piece of legisla-tion. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. H
IMES), also a sub-committee ranking member, and one of the leaders on many issues in the com-mittee but, in particular, on privacy issues related to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by thanking the chairman and the ranking member of the com-mittee for the terrific, open, and bipar-tisan process that led to the adoption of this bill in committee, and urge my colleagues here in this room to support it. I would also like to add my plaudits and thanks to staff on both sides of the aisle without whom this would never have been possible. I support this bill because, most im-portantly, it well funds the remarkable work of our intelligence community in all that they do against the ongoing and all-too-present threats of terrorism and all that they do in keeping us ap-prised and keeping our options avail-able to address the many threats that face, or could face, this Nation coming out of places like Russia, North Korea, Iran, and plenty of other locales around the world. At the same time, and critical for my own support, this bill is supportive of the essential activities that the intel-ligence community and that we must do to preserve and defend the civil lib-erties that are so important to us and, even more importantly, the values, the values embodied in this country that, at the end of the day, are the quali-tative difference between this country and our adversaries. Mr. Speaker, I would note, in par-ticular, some conversation came up, as the ranking member alluded to, with respect to the President’s Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. In committee, I stressed that this is one of a couple of groups that provide over-sight for these terribly important ac-tivities. When you think about it, in-ternally there are the inspector gen-erals and the checks within the execu-tive agency; there are a couple of dozen Members and Senators of Congress who provide some oversight; and then there is this outside group which produces opinions, which have been cited in FISA court opinions, which have been cited by the amicus that was set up as a result of the good work of this body in doing the USA Freedom Act. I will continue to say that it is an important part of the overall intelligence commu-nity. Maintaining this balance between our national security, which is critical, and, again, those values, which are the qualitative difference that we have with our adversaries, is important. It is enshrined in this bill, and I am de-lighted to offer my support. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ), another one of the lead-ers on the committee. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to join the chorus in thanking the staff on both sides of the aisle, and the rank-ing member and the chairman for their extraordinary work in support of the Intelligence Authorization Act. Indeed, it is something of a model for how we can work on a bipartisan basis. This year’s Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act provides funding and over-sight to vital collection and analysis programs. It also provides guidance of how best to support and leverage our partners and allies, which is critical in the world of shrinking budgets and ever-increasing threats. Specifically, I am pleased that the IAA continues to support security serv-ices in Ukraine. I have long advocated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.029 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2905 May 23, 2016 
for U.S. assistance to Ukraine given the strategic relationship and shared value between our two countries. Russia remains a significant threat to its neighbors and to the U.S. Bol-stering our partners in Eastern Europe is one key way to check Russia’s in-creasing adventurism. Looking ahead, we must stay focused on this threat and continue to focus on our national security programs at home. We cannot simply allow our-selves to get lulled into a false sense of security simply because of lack of in-formation about specific threats against soft targets like stadiums and airports. Since 9/11, we have made significant and important enhancements to U.S. intelligence capabilities, but that was 15 years ago. We must continuously re-assess our risks and take appropriate steps to stop terrorist attacks before they occur. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, to describe the world as dangerous is not an overstatement or a political statement—it is a reality. Thankfully, we have the world’s most talented, capable, and committed intel-ligence community to warn and defend us. From leaders like Director Clapper, who has served this Nation exception-ally for more than 5 decades, to those men and women just beginning their careers in intelligence; from case offi-cers to analysts; support and logistics personnel to inspectors general; from acquisition professionals to lawyers; seismologists to cryptologists; from mathematicians to linguists; particle physicists to special forces; to all in the IC: You have our most sincere thanks and admiration. I again thank Chairman N
UNES , for his leadership, his hard work, and his commitment to bipartisanship. To my majority and minority col-leagues, I thank you for your unwaver-ing commitment to conduct rigorous and continuous oversight of the IC that helps protect our country as well as our privacy and civil liberties. And I thank our excellent committee staff, including on the Democratic side, Carly Blake, Linda Cohen, Bob Minehart, Amanda Rogers Thorpe, Wells Bennett, Rheanne Wirkkala, Thomas Eager, as well as our shared staff, Kristin Jepson, Brandon Smith, and Kevin Klein. I also want to thank my staff director, Michael Bahar, dep-uty staff director, Tim Bergreen, and Patrick Boland. I urge my colleagues to support this critically important bipartisan bill, and I look forward to improving it fur-ther on its way to becoming law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. In closing, I want to thank all of the members of our committee, and, again, thank the staff from both the minority and the majority side. As Mr. QUIGLEY said, it would not be possible if it wasn’t for the strong Member involvement and engagement that makes a bipartisan work product like this, gives it the ability to come to the House floor, and to be passed over-whelmingly on a bipartisan basis. So I want to thank all of the members on my committee from both sides for their active participation. As the ranking member said, we will continue to try to make this product better; we will work out our differences with the Senate; and hopefully by the end of the year, we will have a product that we can all be proud of. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. N
UNES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5077, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1545 S.A.F.E. MORTGAGE LICENSING ACT OF 2008 AMENDMENT Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2121) to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to pro-vide a temporary license for loan origi-nators transitioning between employ-ers, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2121 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-censing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1518. EMPLOYMENT TRANSITION OF LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
‘‘(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORITY TO ORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR LOANORIGINATORS MOVING FROM A  D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION TO A NON-DEPOSITORY  I
NSTITUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon employment by a State-licensed mortgage company, an individual who is a registered loan originator shall be deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the indi-vidual— ‘‘(A) has not had an application for a loan originator license denied, or had such a license revoked or suspended in any governmental ju-risdiction; ‘‘(B) has not been subject to or served with a cease and desist order in any governmental ju-risdiction or as described in section 1514(c); ‘‘(C) has not been convicted of a felony that would preclude licensure under the law of the application State; ‘‘(D) has submitted an application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; and ‘‘(E) was registered in the Nationwide Mort-gage Licensing System and Registry as a loan originator during the 12-month period preceding the date of submission of the information re-quired under section 1505(a). ‘‘(2) PERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the indi-vidual submits the information required under section 1505(a) and shall end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the individual withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan origi-nator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State de-nies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the individual submits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as in-complete. ‘‘(b) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY TO ORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR STATE-LICENSED LOANORIGINATORS  M
OVING INTERSTATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State-licensed loan origi-nator shall be deemed to have temporary au-thority to act as a loan originator in an applica-tion State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the State-licensed loan originator— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(B) is employed by a State-licensed mortgage company in the application State; and ‘‘(C) was licensed in a State that is not the application State during the 30-day period pre-ceding the date of submission of the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the applica-tion State. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the State- licensed loan originator submits the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the applica-tion State and end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the State-licensed loan originator withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State de-nies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the State-licensed loan originator sub-mits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) Any person employing an individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursu-ant to this section shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(2) Any individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursuant to this section and who engages in residential mortgage loan origination activities shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) S
TATE-LICENSED MORTGAGE COMPANY .— The term ‘State-licensed mortgage company’ means an entity licensed or registered under the law of any State to engage in residential mort-gage loan origination and processing activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.030 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2906 May 23, 2016 
‘‘(2) A PPLICATION STATE .—The term ‘applica-tion State’ means a State in which a registered loan originator or a State-licensed loan origi-nator seeks to be licensed.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1517 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1518. Employment transition of loan origi-nators.’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO CIVIL LIABILITY OF THE BUREAU AND OTHER OFFICIALS. 
Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licens-ing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan originators’’ and inserting ‘‘are applying for licensing or reg-istration using the Nationwide Mortgage Licens-ing System and Registry’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 2121, the S.A.F.E. Transitional Licensing Act of 2015, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio. (Mr. S
TIVERS ). H.R. 2121 would establish that a mortgage loan originator who is em-ployed by a federally insured deposi-tory institution and who leaves to join a State-licensed mortgage company would have temporary authority to originate mortgages. The bill stipu-lates that, in order to qualify for this transitional license, the individual must have filed an application with the State to be a licensed loan originator. More simply, this bill allows flexi-bility to workers who are looking to make a career change. This bill does not allow for unregulated, unlicensed mortgage originators to have a free pass. The S.A.F.E. Transitional Licensing Act makes clear that the temporary li-cense—good for a maximum of 120 days—can apply only to a registered loan originator. Further, H.R. 2121 stipulates that the originator must be registered with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing Sys-tem, or NMLS, and be employed by a licensed and supervised mortgage lend-er, banker, or servicer. H.R. 2121 includes other safeguards that are important to point out. The bill makes clear that the temporary authority would automatically expire should the originator withdraw his or her application or if the State denies the application. This is a highly bipartisan bill that will ensure workers who originate mortgages at depository institutions are able to move to non-depository in-stitutions with a minimal amount of work disruption. At the end of the day, this bill is about jobs. It is about streamlining the government processes to make sure that people can continue to put food on the table. Folks shouldn’t be prevented from working for months at a time simply because they want to change jobs or employers. Our regulatory structure should foster not only con-sumer protection, but job growth and efficient marketplaces. The current li-censing requirements do the exact op-posite. I thank the gentleman from Ohio for his hard work on this legislation. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense, employee-friendly bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 2121, the S.A.F.E. Transitional Licensing Act of 2015. I am proud to serve as an original Democratic cosponsor of this common-sense, yet critically important, legisla-tion. I also applaud my colleagues, led by Representative STIVERS , for work-ing in a bipartisan way to draft this legislation that we are considering here today. Homeownership continues to be and remains a dream for millions of Ameri-cans across the country. This legisla-tion is an important step towards help-ing to ensure that this dream becomes a reality. H.R. 2121 helps to facilitate a loan originator’s job mobility while en-suring that State regulators continue to have the ability to protect con-sumers and the marketplace. This legislation offers a narrowly tai-lored and pragmatic solution that pro-vides a transitional authority to origi-nate mortgages for individuals who move from a federally insured institu-tion to a nonbank lender. During this transition, these individuals will also work to meet the S.A.F.E. Act’s licens-ing and testing requirements. Over the past several years, State regulators, key industry stakeholders, and Members of Congress have been en-gaged in an extensive dialogue on ways to eliminate job barriers for loan origi-nators as well as to help to promote homeownership for qualified buyers. I am committed to continuing to en-sure that our housing finance and mortgage system continues to deliver fair, sustainable, and responsible fi-nancing to meet the ever-changing needs of homeownership. H.R. 2121 is truly a reflection of what can be achieved when we all work to-gether towards a unified and shared goal. I urge my colleagues to support this critically important piece of legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ), a distin-guished member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and I thank him for all of the work that he has done as the chair of the subcommittee. It is work that is making a difference as it allows people to get access to their own versions of the American Dream. This is a piece of that, as the Representative told you. I thank Rep-resentative S
EWELL and Representative B
EATTY for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill. This is a commonsense bill. This is a jobs bill. This was a unanimous bill in the Financial Services Committee. It passed 56–0 on March 2, and I am so proud of that. The S.A.F.E. Act passed in 2008 as part of the Housing and Economic Re-covery Act, and it created two different sets of requirements for qualifications on mortgage loan originators, depend-ing on whether they worked for a State-licensed nondepository or a fed-erally regulated depository. The problem with that is it kept peo-ple captive working for the same kind of company that they worked for yes-terday. If they try to change between the two, they don’t have a license and they can’t help people achieve their versions of the American Dream, of owning a home. This will allow people to be more mo-bile in moving between depository and nondepository institutions. It is a jobs issue for that very reason. It will help make sure that the workforce can go where the jobs are and that they can help people get loans to own a home. We all believe in homeownership, and this is a small way we can be for it today. Representatives S
EWELL and B EATTY  worked very hard with me with indus-try stakeholders and with State regu-lators in getting the bill that we have today, which, as I said, passed unani-mously out of the Financial Services Committee. H.R. 2121, as amended, would foster an efficient marketplace of competi-tion between banks and nonbanks and allow mortgage loan originators to help all Americans achieve homeown-ership. It would provide them with a transitional authority if you move from a depository to a nondepository or the other way around. Under the proposal, an individual who is employed by a financial institu-tion that has been a registered loan originator under the S.A.F.E. Act for the preceding 12 months can originate loans after submitting a background check and credit information to his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.014 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2907 May 23, 2016 
State regulator until the application is either approved, denied, withdrawn, or even if it is just deemed incomplete. At that point, the transitional au-thority ceases, so he has to submit a full application. Once he does that, he gets a chance to continue to work under this transitional period. Again, this is a jobs issue. It will help people move between the two types of institutions, which most Americans don’t think about. They just want to make sure they get a mortgage. That is what we need to make sure we facili-tate here with commonsense rules. Sadly, some States have had transi-tional license authority, but the CFPB does not allow them now to exercise that authority. That is why this bill is necessary. I am really glad that we can allow for that now to make sure that all Americans can get access to home-ownership. I thank Representative S
EWELL , Rep-resentative B
EATTY , all of the members of the House Financial Services Com-mittee, the gentleman from Missouri for his leadership, the gentleman from Texas—the chair of the full com-mittee—for his leadership, and the ranking member of the committee, the gentlewoman from California. This is indeed a unanimous bill. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the sponsor of the bill, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIV-
ERS), as well as Ms. S EWELL and Mrs. B
EATTY from the other side for their fine work and their support. I appre-ciate all of the work that was done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express support for the SAFE Transitional Li-censing Act, H.R. 2121 introduced by my good friend from Ohio, Mr. S
TIVERS . This bipartisan bill provides much needed, common-sense regulatory relief for mortgage loan originators that levels the playing field, creates job mobil-ity and allows independent mortgage lenders to recruit a talented workforce. The SAFE Transitional Licensing Act re-quires states to provide a temporary, transi-tional license for registered loan originators that move from a financial institution to a state-licensed non-bank originator or move interstate to a state-licensed loan originator. These individuals will be allowed to continue to work and originate loans in their new ca-pacity for up to 120 days, while seeking the appropriate state licenses. This bill addresses the unintended consequences of some of the provisions in the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, which cre-ated difficulties when a mortgage loan officer decided to switch jobs from a bank to a non- bank lender, or when a mortgage loan officer decided to move across state lines. Under current law, mortgage loan origina-tors are required to wait until they receive their new licenses before they can originate loans. Often times, mortgage loan originators are forced to wait weeks, even months, before their new licenses are approved. This unfairly inhibits job mobility for mortgage loan origina-tors and puts independent mortgage lenders at a disadvantage in recruiting talented staff. The SAFE Transitional Licensing Act amends the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act to give re-lief to loan officers, while also allowing state regulators the authority to continue to keep bad actors out of the industry and enforce ap-plicable state laws. The State of Ohio was the first state to enact a transitional license for out-of-state li-censed mortgage loan originators. Now, it is time for Congress to follow Ohio’s lead and provide regulatory relief that levels the playing field, creates job mobility and allows inde-pendent mortgage lenders to recruit a talented workforce. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘Yes’’ for this common-sense piece of legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2121, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOSTERING INNOVATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4139) to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a tem-porary exemption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attesta-tion requirements. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4139 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-ENUE ISSUERS. 
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-
ENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) L
OW-REVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit report prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth com-pany on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity secu-rities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently completed fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) E
XPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMP -
TION.—An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity secu-rities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
VERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .— The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most recently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) E
MERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) L
ARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 4139, the Fos-tering Innovation Act, introduced by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). H.R. 4139 extends a narrow exemption to comply with section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for emerging growth companies that would other-wise lose their exempt status at the end of a 5-year period allowed under current law. As such, H.R. 4139 is consistent with the bipartisan aims of the JOBS Act to eliminate the one-size-fits-all regu-latory structure for public companies. Under Sarbanes-Oxley, or SOX, sec-tion 404(b) requires an independent and external assessment of a public com-pany’s internal controls over financial reporting. While important, this translates into significant legal and compliance costs, driving up an entity’s accounting and auditing expenses. In fact, the costs to comply with section 404(b) have far ex-ceeded the original estimates done by the SEC, and even a 2011 SEC study found that the average costs for com-panies can exceed $1 million annually. This burden disproportionately im-pacts small and emerging growth com-panies, such as biotech firms that are engaging in lifesaving research and de-velopment. My home State of Missouri alone has over 1,300 biotech companies that employ over 28,000 people who con-duct groundbreaking research. Section 404(b)’s costs divert the re-sources of emerging growth companies to regulatory compliance costs, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.035 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2908 May 23, 2016 
harms the ability of those firms to compete in the global marketplace and to even invest in creating lifesaving treatments and technologies. Brian Hahn, the chief financial offi-cer of GlycoMimetics, which is a small, public biotech company, testified at a subcommittee hearing on H.R. 4139 on December 2, 2015, that section 404(b) ‘‘provides little-to-no insight into the health of an emerging biotech com-pany—but is extremely costly for a pre-revenue innovator to comply with.’’ b1600 Recognizing these issues, the JOBS Act created an exemption to these ex-ternal control attestation require-ments, which allows small companies to focus on growing their business, going public, and still comply with SOx’s other provisions. Nevertheless, the smallest of public companies still struggle to comply with the significant costs stemming from SOx section 404(b). Despite claims to the contrary, H.R. 4139 is narrowly tailored to provide reg-ulatory relief to the smallest of public companies, those with less than $50 million in annual revenue. This legisla-tion provides those companies with an additional on-ramp for section 404(b) compliance. As Mr. Hahn further testi-fied in the Financial Services Com-mittee: ‘‘Legislation like the Fostering Innovation Act will ensure that grow-ing companies have the opportunity to be successful on the public market without being forced to siphon off inno-vation capital to spend on costly com-pliance burdens that do not inform emerging biotech investors.’’ I thank Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK for their diligent work on the bill, which passed the Financial Services Committee by a broad bipar-tisan vote. I encourage my colleagues to provide this badly needed regulatory relief to our Nation’s small innovative compa-nies and join me in supporting H.R. 4139. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise in opposition to H.R. 4139, the Fostering Innovation Act. This bill permits certain public compa-nies that would be valued at more than half a billion dollars to avoid an inde-pendent audit required by the Sar-banes-Oxley Act of 2002 for up to a dec-ade. While I support legislation that would enable emerging growth compa-nies to use valuable resources to re-main competitive, stable, and, ulti-mately, successful, I believe that this bill, as currently drafted, is overly broad and would potentially undermine critical investor protections and im-pede confidence in our capital markets. Ultimately, these auditor reports on public companies provide substantial benefits to investors and to companies. They promote confidence in the U.S. markets, strengthen internal controls, and, ultimately, prevent fraud. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 31⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), who is a distinguished member of the Financial Services Committee and chairs the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman L
UETKEMEYER for yielding time to highlight the impor-tance of this bipartisan legislation to assist the innovators and the job cre-ators who drive our economy and are those who continue to position the United States as a global leader in re-search and a global leader in develop-ment. Mr. Speaker, during a previous Con-gress, the Financial Services Com-mittee heard testimony from one of my constituents, the CEO of a Philadel-phia-based pharmaceutical and bio-technology firm which, at the time, employed around 55 individuals. For this firm and for many emerging growth companies focused on groundbreaking technologies, it could take more than a decade to see a prof-it; but because of top-line numbers, these companies are required to com-ply with costly regulations meant to ensure that the largest corporations are playing by the rules. While Congress has made some ef-forts to reduce some of these regu-latory burdens in the past, like the JOBS Act of 2012, it created an effec-tive yet one-size-fits-all approach to exempt certain companies for up to 5 years from section 404(b) of Sarbanes- Oxley, which, of course, as we heard, requires the hiring of an external audi-tor in some cases. Unfortunately, a small group of companies remain un-profitable even after this period of time. This bipartisan Fostering Innovation Act works to address this shortcoming by providing targeted relief from these costly regulations and requirements, allowing our American firms to focus on what they do best: innovation, breakthroughs, and curing diseases. By extending the waiver period for smaller companies that meet specific require-ments, Washington gets out of the way and allows these firms to better com-pete in critical research and develop-ment in an increasingly globalized and competitive world. That is it. I want to applaud Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and the rest of the committee, especially my colleagues, Ms. S
INEMA  of Arizona, who is the bill’s sponsor, and Representative D
ELANEY . We came together to find bipartisan solutions that address regulatory burdens for our emerging growth companies, and it is my hope that, with this spirit of co-operation, we will be able to find new issues to tackle and continue to show the American people that this House can govern and foster an economy that works for everyone. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I include in the RECORD letters of opposition from Americans for Finan-cial Reform, Public Citizen, and the SEC Investor Advocate. 
AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-cans for Financial Reform, we are writing to reiterate our opposition to H.R. 4139, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act’’ This legislation would double the length of the existing exemption from compliance with Sarbanes Oxley Section 404(b) for ‘‘emerging growth companies’’, from five years to ten years. The exemption granted in H.R. 4139 applies to companies with $50 mil-lion or less in annual gross revenues. Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley requires the auditor of a public company to attest to the accuracy of the company’s financial re-porting. This requirement was passed in re-sponse to the accounting scandals of the late 1990s, which revealed widespread deception and fraud in financial reporting. More recent research by the GAO has found that compa-nies exempted from auditor attestation re-quirements have a higher frequency of ac-counting restatements, indicating that the financial reporting at such companies is defi-cient. Such accounting restatements are harmful both to investors and to the compa-nies themselves, by virtue of making it hard-er to raise capital. We believe that the five year exemption provided for in the JOBS Act is already ample time for a publicly held company with tens of millions of dollars in revenue to de-velop the capacity to provide fully reliable and accurate financial statements. Ten years is an excessively long exemption. This is es-pecially true given the significance to the public and the financial markets of accurate financial reporting. Congress should reject H.R. 4139. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . Following are the Partners of Americans for Financial Reform—All the organizations support the overall principles of AFR and are working for an accountable, fair and secure financial system. Not all of these organiza-tions work on all of the issues covered by the coalition or have signed on to every state-ment. AARP, A New Way Forward, AFL-CIO, AFSCME, Alliance For Justice, American Income Life Insurance, American Sustain-able Business Council, Americans for Demo-cratic Action, Inc, Americans United for Change, Campaign for America’s Future, Campaign Money, Center for Digital Democ-racy, Center for Economic and Policy Re-search, Center for Economic Progress, Cen-ter for Media and Democracy, Center for Re-sponsible Lending, Center for Justice and Democracy, Center of Concern, Center for Ef-fective Government, Change to Win, Clean Yield Asset Management, Coastal Enter-prises Inc., Color of Change, Common Cause, Communications Workers of America, Com-munity Development Transportation Lend-ing Services, Consumer Action, Consumer Association Council, Consumers for Auto Safety and Reliability, Consumer Federation of America, Consumer Watchdog, Consumers Union, Corporation for Enterprise Develop-ment, CREDO Mobile, CTW Investment Group, Demos, Economic Policy Institute, Essential Action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.037 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2909 May 23, 2016 
Green America, Greenlining Institute, Good Business International, Government Accountability Project, HNMA Funding Company, Home Actions, Housing Coun-seling Services, Home Defenders League, In-formation Press, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, Institute for Global Com-munications, Institute for Policy Studies: Global Economy Project, International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Institute of Wom-en’s Policy Research, Krull & Company, La-borers’ International Union of North Amer-ica, Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, Main Street Alliance, Move On, NAACP, NASCAT, National Association of Consumer Advocates, National Association of Neighborhoods, National Community Re-investment Coalition, National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its low-income cli-ents), National Consumers League, National Council of La Raza, National Council of Women’s Organizations, National Fair Hous-ing Alliance, National Federation of Commu-nity Development Credit Unions, National Housing Resource Center, National Housing Trust, National Housing Trust Community Development Fund, National NeighborWorks Association, National Nurses United, Na-tional People’s Action, National Urban League, Next Step, OpenTheGovemment.org, Opportunity Finance Network, Partners for the Common Good, PICO National Network, Progress Now Action, Progressive States Network. Poverty and Race Research Action Coun-cil, Public Citizen, Sargent Shriver Center on Poverty Law, SEIU, State Voices, Tax-payer’s for Common Sense, The Association for Housing and Neighborhood Development, The Fuel Savers Club, The Leadership Con-ference on Civil and Human Rights, The Seminal, TICAS, U.S. Public Interest Re-search Group, UNITE HERE, United Food and Commercial Workers, United States Stu-dent Association, USAction, Veris Wealth Partners, Western States Center, We the People Now, Woodstock Institute, World Pri-vacy Forum, UNET, Union Plus, Unitarian Universalist for a Just Economic Commu-nity. 
LIST OF STATE AND LOCAL PARTNERS  Alaska PIRG, Arizona PIRG, Arizona Ad-vocacy Network, Arizonans For Responsible Lending, Association for Neighborhood and Housing Development, NY, Audubon Part-nership for Economic Development LDC, New York, NY, BAC Funding Consortium Inc., Miami, FL, Beech Capital Venture Cor-poration, Philadelphia, PA, California PIRG, California Reinvestment Coalition, Century Housing Corporation, Culver City, CA, CHANGER, NY, Chautauqua Home Rehabili-tation and Improvement Corporation (NY), Chicago Community Loan Fund, Chicago, IL, Chicago Community Ventures, Chicago, IL, Chicago Consumer Coalition, Citizen Pota-watomi CDC, Shawnee, OK. Colorado PIRG, Coalition on Homeless Housing in Ohio, Community Capital Fund, Bridgeport, CT, Community Capital of Mary-land, Baltimore, MD, Community Develop-ment Financial Institution of the Tohono O’odham Nation, Sells, AZ, Community Re-development Loan and Investment Fund, At-lanta, GA, Community Reinvestment Asso-ciation of North Carolina, Community Re-source Group, Fayetteville A, Connecticut PIRG, Consumer Assistance Council, Cooper Square Committee (NYC), Cooperative Fund of New England, Wilmington, NC, Corporacion de Desarrollo Economico de Ceiba, Ceiba, PR, Delta Foundation, Inc., Greenville, MS, Economic Opportunity Fund (EOF), Philadelphia, PA, Empire Justice Center, NY, Empowering and Strengthening Ohio’s People (ESOP), Cleveland. OH, Enter-prises, Inc., Berea, KY, Fair Housing Contact Service, OH, Federation of Appalachian Housing, Fitness and Praise Youth Develop-ment, Inc., Baton Rouge, LA, Florida Con-sumer Action Network, Florida PIRG, Fund-ing Partners for Housing Solutions, Ft. Col-lins, CO, Georgia PIRG, Grow Iowa Founda-tion, Greenfield, IA, Homewise, Inc., Santa Fe, NM, Idaho Nevada CDFI, Pocatello, ID, Idaho Chapter, National Association of So-cial Workers, Illinois PIRG, Impact Capital, Seattle, WA, Indiana PIRG, Iowa PIRG, Iowa Citizens for Community Improvement, JobStart Chautauqua, Inc., Mayville, NY, La Casa Federal Credit Union, Newark, NJ, Low Income Investment Fund, San Francisco, CA, Long Island Housing Services, NY, MaineStream Finance, Bangor, ME, Mary-land PIRG, Massachusetts Consumers’ Coali-tion, MASSPIRG, Massachusetts Fair Hous-ing Center, Michigan PIRG. Midland Community Development Cor-poration, Midland, TX, Midwest Minnesota Community Development Corporation, De-troit Lakes, MN, Mile High Community Loan Fund, Denver, CO, Missouri PIRG, Mortgage Recovery Service Center of L.A., Montana Community Development Corporation, Mis-soula, MT, Montana PIRG, New Economy Project, New Hampshire PIRG, New Jersey Community Capital, Trenton, NJ, New Jer-sey Citizen Action, New Jersey PIRG New Mexico PIRG, New York PIRG, New York City Aids Housing Network, New Yorkers for Responsible Lending, NOAH Community De-velopment Fund, Inc., Boston, MA, Nonprofit Finance Fund, New York, NY, Nonprofits As-sistance Fund, Minneapolis, MN, North Caro-lina PIRG, Northside Community Develop-ment Fund, Pittsburgh, PA, Ohio Capital Corporation for Housing, Columbus, OH, Ohio PIRG, OligarchyUSA Oregon State PIRG, Our Oregon. PennPIRG, Piedmont Housing Alliance, Charlottesville VA, Michigan PIRG, Rocky Mountain Peace and Justice Center, CO, Rhode Island PIRG, Rural Community As-sistance Corporation, West Sacramento, CA, Rural Organizing Project, OR, San Francisco Municipal Transportation Authority, Seattle Economic Development Fund, Community Capital Development, TexPIRG, The Fair Housing Council of Central New York, The Loan Fund, Albuquerque, NM, Third Recon-struction Institute, NC, Vermont PIRG, Vil-lage Capital Corporation, Cleveland, OH, Vir-ginia Citizens Consumer Council, Virginia Poverty Law Center, War on Poverty—Flor-ida, WashP1RG, Westchester Residential Op-portunities Inc., Wigamig Owners Loan Fund, Inc., Lac du Flambeau, WI, WISPIRG. 
SMALL BUSINESSES  Blu, Bowden-Gill Environmental, Commu-nity MedPAC, Diversified Environmental Planning, Hayden & Craig, PLLC, Mid City Animal Hospital, Phoenix, AZ, UNET. 
PUBLICCITIZEN, Washington, DC., May 23, 2016. Re Vote NO on H.R. 4139 Fostering Innova-tion Act of 2015. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR HONORABLE MEMBER : On behalf of more than 400,000 members and supporters of Public Citizen, we ask to you to vote no on H.R. 4139 Fostering Innovation Act of 2015. This bill would allow certain firms with up to $50 million in revenue and $700 million in capital floats to escape critical scrutiny in audits by doubling the length of their exemp-tion from the requirements set forth in 404(b) of the SarbanesOxley law. A firm where investors have trusted $700 million should be willing to be scrutinized under a Section 404(b) audit. A firm that does not want to withstand such scrutiny is the very firm that likely needs such scrutiny to ensure its financial reporting is not being doctored. Already the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act provides relief for smaller companies from the audit requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley. Capital markets thrive when companies are held to reasonable standards. That works both for investors as well as entrepreneurs who hope to avail themselves of the capital markets. Extending firms’ exemptions from necessary oversight will only lead to less compliance with standards, and more risk. For questions, please contact Bartlett Naylor, financial policy advocate, at bnaylor@citizen.org. Sincerely, PUBLIC CITIZEN . 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND  E
XCHANGE COMMISSION , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : H.R. 4139, cited as the ‘‘Fostering In-novation Act of 2015,’’ is ill-advised, and I urge Members of Congress to vote against it. The bill would allow smaller public compa-nies to avoid the auditor attestation require-ment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for up to 10 years following an initial public offering. In a small company, as in a large one, it is management’s job to maintain a system of internal controls to help ensure that the fi-nancial statements are reliable. A key re-form of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which fol-lowed on the heels of the Enron implosion and other accounting scandals that wreaked havoc on American investors, was to require that a company’s auditor attest to manage-ment’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. This ‘‘second set of eyes’’ helps to identify potential risks of material misstatements and is designed to prevent or detect fraud. Unfortunately, H.R. 4139 would chip away further at the requirement for a second set of eyes, even though auditor attestation en-hances reliability of financial reporting for investors, which has been shown to reduce the cost of capital for businesses. Credible empirical research has established that both investors and companies benefit from having auditors attest to the effective-ness of internal controls. For example, insti-tutional investors rely on the auditor’s opin-ion. Auditor testing uncovers more defi-ciencies than does management’s assessment alone. Moreover, there is a positive correla-tion between a material weakness in internal control and the future revelation of fraud. Indeed, companies with more serious control problems tend to be smaller, less mature, growing, or rapidly changing. All of this aca-demic research is described at length in the testimony of University of Tennessee pro-fessor Joseph V. Carcello on this bill before the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises of the House Financial Services Committee. In ad-dition, a 2011 study published by the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion fund that companies that do not have an auditor attestation tend to have signifi-cantly more material weaknesses in their in-ternal controls and more financial restate-ments. Since the adoption of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in 2002, several steps have already been taken to significantly reduce the burden on smaller companies from the auditor attesta-tion requirement in Section 404(b). In 2007, for example, the SEC and the Public Com-pany Accounting Oversight Board took steps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.031 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2910 May 23, 2016 
to reduce the costs of 404(b) compliance. Later, the Dodd-Frank Act exempted ap-proximately 60 percent of companies from this requirement, and the JOBS Act waived the requirement for emerging growth compa-nies for up to five years. HR 4139 would ex-tend this exemption for up to 10 years for certain issuers, and I believe it is a step too far. Aside from weakening an important inves-tor protection, H.R. 4139 further compounds the complexity of securities law reporting requirements by creating yet another cat-egory of issuers. The development of scaled reporting requirements has resulted in mul-tiple overlapping issuer categories, each eli-gible for different rules, and that complexity itself adds to the cost of raising capital. In short, the independent audit of internal controls provides important protections to investors and the companies in which they invest. It strengthens internal controls, pre-vents fraud, and promotes confidence in U.S. capital markets. I oppose H.R. 4139 because it would further deteriorate the benefits of Section 404, and I strongly encourage you to oppose it as well. Please call me at if you have any questions. Sincerely, R
ICKA FLEMING , Investor Advocate. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ), a distin-guished member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee and a sponsor of the bill. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Congress-man F
ITZPATRICK for working with me on this narrow, targeted exemption to provide commonsense, regulatory relief for companies on the cutting edge of scientific and medical research. I have heard from companies throughout my district that burden-some and unnecessary regulations con-tinue to stifle their ability to grow and succeed. The Fostering Innovation Act allows certain emerging growth compa-nies, including some biopharma-ceutical companies, to spend valuable resources on product research and de-velopment instead of costly and unnec-essary external audits. Currently, EGCs are exempt from certain regulatory requirements for 5 years after their initial public offering. One of the requirements that EGCs are exempt from is Sarbanes-Oxley section 404(b), which requires public companies to obtain an external audit on the ef-fectiveness of their internal controls for financial reporting. This reporting requirement is costly and unnecessary because management is still required to assess internal controls, and these EGCs, by definition, have very limited public exposure. H.R. 4139 is a very narrow fix that temporarily extends the Sarbanes- Oxley section 404(b) exemption for an additional 5 years for a small subset of EGCs with an annual average revenue of less than $50 million and less than $700 million in public float. This will enable these EGCs to use valuable re-sources to remain competitive, stable, and, ultimately, successful. In the biopharma market, making it easier and less costly means greater competition and results in potentially lower drug prices for consumers. Fur-ther, nothing in this bill prohibits an external audit if a company or a major-ity of its shareholders determine an audit is beneficial I urge my colleagues to join us in helping to ensure that costly regula-tions don’t stand in the way of success for biopharmaceutical and other com-panies on the cutting edge of scientific and medical research. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. SINEMA and Mr. F ITZPATRICK  for their fine work on this piece of leg-islation, which basically is a common-sense piece of legislation to help a lot of our small, biotech companies to be able to do a better job of managing their own funds. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4139. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LOREN R. KAUFMAN VA CLINIC Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1762) to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman Me-morial Veterans’ Clinic’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1762 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY-BASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, THE DALLES, OREGON. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs com-munity-based outpatient clinic located at 704 Veterans Drive, The Dalles, Oregon, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’. Any reference to such community-based outpatient clinic in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1762, as amended. This legislation was spon-sored by my good friend and colleague, Congressman GREGWALDEN of Oregon. It would designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic at The Dalles, Oregon, the Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Vet-erans’ Clinic. Born and raised in The Dalles, Or-egon, Sergeant First Class Loren Kauf-man answered the call to serve by en-listing in the United States Army just 1 week after the attack on Pearl Har-bor. He went on to serve in combat in both World War II and in Korea, until his death in action on the 10th of Feb-ruary 1951. Following his death, Sergeant First Class Kaufman was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his ac-tions in Korea in September of 1950, when his company was attacked by an enemy battalion and his platoon was ordered to reinforce the company. According to the U.S. Army Center of Military History, during the battle that followed, the ‘‘dauntless courage and resolute intrepid leadership of Ser-geant First Class Kaufman were di-rectly responsible for the success of his company in regaining its positions, re-flecting distinct credit upon himself and upholding the esteemed traditions of the military service.’’ In recognition of that, it is entirely fitting and appropriate that Sergeant First Class Kaufman’s life and service be memorialized by naming the VA community-based outpatient clinic in his hometown after him. H.R. 1762, as amended, satisfies the committee’s naming criteria. It is sup-ported by the Oregon congressional del-egation. It is supported by many vet-erans service organizations, including the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the Vietnam Veterans of America, and the Military Order of the Purple Heart. I understand that this bill is also supported by the Oregon County Veterans Service Officers Asso-ciation and the American Red Cross. I am grateful to Congressman W
AL-
DEN for cosponsoring H.R. 1762, as amended, to recognize a true American hero. I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I support H.R. 1762, as amended, which names the new veterans clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, in honor of Loren R. Kaufman, a soldier in the United States Army during World War II and the Korean war. Sergeant First Class Kaufman joined the Army the week after the attack on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.034 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2911 May 23, 2016 
Pearl Harbor and served in North Afri-ca and Europe during World War II. Later, during the Korean war, he earned the Medal of Honor for his quick counterattack on enemy combat-ants, which so surprised the enemy that they retreated in confusion. At the age of 28 years old, while serving in Company G, 9th Infantry Regiment, the 2nd Infantry Division, Sergeant Kaufman was killed in action. As stated in the citation for his Medal of Honor award, the leadership of Sergeant Kaufman was ‘‘directly re-sponsible for the success of his com-pany in regaining its positions, reflect-ing distinct credit upon himself and up-holding the esteemed traditions of the military service.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Second District of Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He has done such an in-credible job leading that committee and trying to make sure our veterans get both the recognition and the care that they have earned and so deserve. I thank the ranking member for her sup-port of this very timely and important piece of legislation to name the VA clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, after Loren R. Kaufman. This is actually a photo of Mr. Kauf-man. Sergeant First Class Kaufman was a true American hero, as my colleagues have said. He was born and raised in The Dalles. Sergeant Kaufman served in the Army during World War II, and he also served in the Korean war. While in Korea, Sergeant Kaufman’s company was attacked by the enemy. His platoon was 2 miles away, pro-tecting the battalion flank, and was or-dered to come and reinforce the com-pany. b1615 On their way to their new location, they came under fire. Selflessly, Ser-geant Kaufman ran forward, engaged the enemy, and forced them to retreat in confusion. Once Sergeant Kaufman’s platoon re-joined their company, they found the enemy had taken commanding ground and pinned the company down in a draw. Without hesitation, Sergeant Kaufman again charged the enemy lines, firing his rifle, throwing gre-nades, using his bayonet, and seizing an unmanned machine gun. Because of his fast thinking and fearlessness, the enemy fled and the company regained their position. It was for these actions and con-spicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call that Ser-geant Kaufman was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Harry S. Tru-man. In his citation it was written, ‘‘The dauntless courage and resolute intrepid leadership of Sergeant First Class Kaufman were directly respon-sible for the success of his company in regaining its positions, reflecting dis-tinct credit upon himself and uphold-ing the esteemed traditions of the mili-tary service.’’ Tragically, though, Sergeant Kauf-man received this incredible honor posthumously. He was killed in action on February 10, 1951, and was laid to rest in Willamette National Cemetery, Portland, Oregon. I strongly agreed with our local vet-erans and public officials that the com-munity should honor this native son’s heroism by renaming the local VA clin-ic in his honor. I want to thank the Veterans Ad Hoc Committee, Les Cochenour, the Mid- Columbia Veterans Memorial Com-mittee, and the Wasco County Commis-sion for their efforts to support renam-ing this clinic. I also want to thank the entire Oregon congressional delegation and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs for their support. Finally, I would like to offer a spe-cial thanks to Loren Kaufman’s family from The Dalles, his cousin Gerald, Gerald’s wife Marilyn, and their daugh-ter Sharon. I am proud to help honor Loren Kaufman by working to rename this clinic in his honor so he can be a continuing inspiration for the commu-nity and the country. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 1762, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I again urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1762, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to name the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DANIEL L. KINNARD VA CLINIC Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 960) to designate the De-partment of Veterans Affairs commu-nity based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 960 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Daniel L. Kinnard was born on October 21, 1949, in Mount Vernon, Ohio. (2) While residing in Newark, Ohio, Daniel L. Kinnard enlisted in the Army at Fort Hayes, Ohio, on November 14, 1966, and served as a Specialist Fourth Class in the 101st Airborne Division. (3) Specialist Kinnard was awarded the Na-tional Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Serv-ice Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Para-chutist Badge, Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle Bar, Bronze Star for Valor, Purple Heart, Good Conduct Medal, and the Combat Medical Badge. (4) Specialist Kinnard’s citation for the Bronze Star said, ‘‘For heroism in combat against a hostile force in the Republic of Vietnam on 17 February 1968. Specialist Four Kinnard distinguished himself while at-tached as a medic on a combat operation near Quang Tri, Republic of Vietnam. The point platoon made contact with enemy posi-tions in a hedgerow and two of the point men were seriously wounded. Without hesitation, Specialist Kinnard rushed through the heavy volume of enemy fire to reach the wounded men. With complete disregard for his own personal safety, Specialist Kinnard remained exposed to enemy fire while he treated the wounded men. Once he administered first aid to the wounded, Specialist Kinnard orga-nized their evacuation under fire. His per-sonal bravery and devotion to duty were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and United States Army.’’. (5) Specialist Kinnard was killed in action on March 9, 1968, while rendering aid to his fellow paratroopers. 
SEC. 2. DANIEL L. KINNARD VA CLINIC. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic located in Newark, Ohio, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the Dan-iel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon in support of H.R. 960, as amended, which would name the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Newark, Ohio, the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. Specialist Fourth Class Daniel L. Kinnard was born in October of 1949 in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.041 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2912 May 23, 2016 
Mount Olive, Ohio. During the Vietnam war, Specialist Kinnard served with distinction in the 101st Airborne, the famed Screaming Eagles. On March 9, 1968, he was tragically killed in action while rendering aid to his fellow para-troopers. During the course of his service, Spe-cialist Kinnard was awarded the Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, the Parachutist Badge, the Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle Bar, the Bronze Star for Valor, the Good Conduct Medal, and the Combat Medical Badge. Given his valiant service and his ulti-mate sacrifice, it is only appropriate that we gather here today to recognize him by naming the VA community- based outpatient clinic in Ohio, his home State, after him. H.R. 960, as amended, satisfies our committee’s criteria for naming bills and is supported by the Ohio congres-sional delegation and a number of vet-erans service organizations, including the AMVETS, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, and the Military Order of Purple Heart. I am grateful to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), my good friend, for sponsoring this legislation. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 960, as amended, to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Department of Veterans Affairs Com-munity Based Outpatient Clinic. Specialist Kinnard served in the Alpha Company, 1st Battalion, 502nd Infantry, the 101st Airborne Division, better known as the Screaming Eagles. As a Vietnam medic, he was awarded the Bronze Star for Valor in 1968 for dodging enemy bullets to reach two wounded men and providing first aid while remaining exposed to enemy fire. Specialist Kinnard died at the age of 18 in March 1968 while providing care to fellow paratroopers. In addition to the Bronze Star, he was awarded numerous other medals. Specialist Kinnard made the ulti-mate sacrifice while serving his coun-try in the Vietnam war. We are grate-ful to Specialist Kinnard for acting with courage and dignity in looking after his brothers in combat. I am pleased to support H.R. 960, as amended, in his memory today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Galena, Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman M
ILLER and his com-mittee members for supporting my bill, H.R. 960, to designate the VA commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic. Born in Knox County and a resident of Newark, Specialist Daniel Kinnard served bravely as a medic in the 101st Army Airborne Division, the famed Screaming Eagles, during the Vietnam war. On February 17, 1968, he rushed through hostile enemy fire to treat and rescue wounded soldiers. For his brav-ery, as was mentioned, and his heroism on that day, he was awarded the Bronze Star for Valor. Twenty-one short days later, Specialist Kinnard was killed in action rendering aid to his fellow para-troopers. He was just 18 years old. Mr. Speaker, next Monday is Memo-rial Day, a time we pause to honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our great Nation. Today I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 960 to honor Specialist Kinnard and those who served courageously beside him and re-name this clinic in the 12th District Ohio town of Newark, Ohio. I appreciate the leadership of our chairman and the committee’s work on this. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our Vietnam veterans. When they came home from the war, we did not properly recognize them, as we should have, as a Nation. I want to say that we are very grateful for their service and their sacrifice. When we hear that 22 veterans a day commit suicide, only three of five of them are involved in the VA, and many of them are Vietnam veterans. At this time, I think that we all should soldier up, reach out to those Vietnam vet-erans, let them know that we appre-ciate their service, and recommend that they get involved in the VA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 960, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with the remarks of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ), my colleague, the ranking member. I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 960, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill designate the De-partment of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard VA Clinic.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
IMPROVING ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2460) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2460 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PROVISION OF ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1745 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary shall enter into an agreement under section 1720(c)(1) of this title or a contract with each State home for payment by the Secretary for adult day health care provided to a veteran who is eli-gible for, but does not receive, nursing home care pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Payment under each agreement or contract between the Secretary and a State home under paragraph (1) for each veteran who receives care under such paragraph shall be made at a rate that is equal to 65 percent of the payment that the Secretary would pay to the State home pursuant to subsection (a)(2) if the veteran received nursing home care under subsection (a) rather than under paragraph (1) of this subsection. ‘‘(3) Payment by the Secretary under para-graph (1) to a State home for adult day health care provided to a veteran described in that paragraph constitutes payment in full to the State home for such care fur-nished to that veteran.’’; and (2) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ , adult day health care,’’ after ‘‘home care’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1745 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1745. Nursing home care, adult day health care, and medications for vet-erans with service-connected disabilities.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do rise today in sup-port of H.R. 2460. The bill is sponsored by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, the Sub-committee on Economic Opportunity, and the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. I am grateful to him for sponsoring this piece of legislation. This bill actually directs the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement or a contract with State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.044 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2913 May 23, 2016 
veterans homes to pay for adult day health care for a veteran eligible for, but not receiving, nursing home care. It would also stipulate that payment under each agreement or contract be-tween the VA and a State home cover the cost of adult day care for eligible veterans at a rate equal to 65 percent of the payment that the VA would oth-erwise pay to the State home if the veteran were receiving nursing home care. Adult day health care programs pro-vide veterans in need of skilled serv-ices, case management, or assistance with activities of daily living with val-uable social activities, peer support, medical monitoring, companionship, and recreation during the day and pro-vide caregivers with needed respite. However, according to the National Association of State Veterans Homes, veterans face barriers accessing adult health care programs each day due to costs. This bill would help address those cost concerns and increase the degree of access for veterans who are eligible for VA-paid nursing home care due to their 70 percent or higher serv-ice-connected rating. As the veteran population ages, Mr. Speaker, it is increasingly important that the VA provide a wide variety of geriatric and long-term care services and supports, and adult day health care programs can serve as an important component of that. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. According to the VA, adult day health care is a program which vet-erans can go to during the day for so-cial activities, peer support, compan-ionship, and recreation. The program is for veterans who need skilled services, case management, and help with activities of daily living. Ex-amples include helping with bathing, dressing, fixing meals, or taking medi-cation. This program is also for veterans who are isolated or their caregiver is expe-riencing burdens. Adult day health care can be used in combination with other home and community-based serv-ices. Health services such as care from nurses, therapists, social workers, and others may also be available. Adult day health care can provide respite care for a family caregiver and also help vet-erans and their caregivers gain skills to manage the veteran’s care at home. This legislation would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into agreement with State vet-erans homes to provide adult health care for a veteran who is eligible for but does not receive nursing home care. Mr. Speaker, I support this legisla-tion and urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the First District of New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. b1630 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2460, which would expand disabled veterans’ access to adult day health care, a daily program for disabled veterans who need extra assistance and special attention in their day-to-day lives. Those vet-erans who are 70 percent or more dis-abled from a service-connected injury often require significant assistance from others in order to carry out basic everyday tasks. Despite various care options for vet-erans, their choices are often limited and can come at a great expense. One such program that is currently avail-able is adult day health care. This pro-gram provides disabled veterans and their families with a high-quality al-ternative to nursing home care, pro-viding quality outpatient services for those suffering from debilitating ill-nesses or disabilities. These programs provide a range of services from daily activities such as bathing to full medical services like physical therapy. The focus of the pro-gram is on improving disabled vet-erans’ quality of life through an indi-vidualized plan specific to their needs while still allowing them to maintain their independence. Adult day health care programs don’t only benefit the veteran, they also ben-efit the family members and caregivers as well. This model allows caregivers to tend to their day-to-day activities without worrying about the well-being of their spouse, child, or friend, allow-ing the veteran to lead a much more fulfilling life, while keeping families together and strong. Adult day health care, however, is only currently offered at three facili-ties in the entire country. My district is fortunate to have one of these facili-ties, the Long Island State Veterans Home in Stony Brook, New York, but this program could easily be offered at any of the 153 State veterans homes across the country. Since the Department of Veterans Affairs does not currently cover the cost of participation in this program, the expense must be paid out of pocket by the veteran and their family, which significantly limits the number of vet-erans who can enroll. My bill, H.R. 2460, would ensure that 70 percent or more service-connected disabled veterans are able to receive adult day health care at no cost to the veteran and their family by defining the program as a reimbursable treat-ment option through the VA. This would expand this great option of care for our veterans. Currently, 52 Republicans and Demo-crats in this Chamber have signed on as cosponsors of this bill. I would like to thank the chairman of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, JEFF M
ILLER , for his leadership as chairman of the committee and for recognizing the urgency in passing this bill. Myself, the committee, many Members of this Congress, his constituents, and this country will miss him following his service this year. I would also like to thank House Ma-jority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY for hav-ing this bill placed on the calendar for today. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2460. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, too, ask all my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2460. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FINAL FAREWELL ACT OF 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3715) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to permit in-terments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of deceased veterans at national cemeteries and State ceme-teries receiving grants from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs during certain weekends if requested for reli-gious reasons, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3715 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Final Fare-well Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF INTERMENTS, FU-NERALS, MEMORIAL SERVICES, AND CEREMONIES AT NATIONAL CEME-TERIES AND STATE CEMETERIES RE-CEIVING GRANTS DURING WEEK-ENDS. 
(a) N ATIONAL CEMETERIES .—Section 2404 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall permit the inter-ment or funeral, memorial service, or cere-mony of a deceased veteran at a national cemetery during weekends, other than Fed-eral holiday weekends, upon a request of the next-of-kin of the veteran.’’. (b) S
TATE CEMETERIES .—Section 2408(c) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) In addition to the conditions specified in subsection (b) and paragraph (1), any grant to a State under this section to assist such State in establishing a veterans’ ceme-tery shall be made on the condition that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.046 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2914 May 23, 2016 
such cemetery shall permit the interment or funeral, memorial service, or ceremony of a deceased veteran at the cemetery during weekends, other than Federal holiday week-ends, upon a request of the next-of-kin of the veteran.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to deaths occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—Upon receipt of a request for an application for burial or in-terment in a national cemetery, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall provide no-tice to the individual submitting the request of the opportunity to request the interment or funeral, memorial service, or ceremony of a deceased veteran at a national cemetery during weekends, other than Federal holiday weekends, as authorized by subsection (i) of section 2404 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3715, as amended, the Final Farewell Act of 2016. We know that it can sometimes be a challenge to take time away from work to attend a funeral or a memorial serv-ice for a loved one. This bill, which is sponsored by the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Congresswoman C
ORRINE BROWN of Florida, would lessen that challenge for those arranging to attend the fu-neral service of a veteran buried in a national cemetery. This bill would require VA, upon the request of the family of the deceased, to permit weekend funerals and memo-rial services. In doing so, this bill would allow more family members and friends to pay final respects to their loved ones as they are laid to rest. Our veterans—the men and women who sacrificed so much for us—have earned the right to be treated with honor and respect after they pass on. Although I support this bill, I under-stand that some of the State Directors of Veterans Affairs have raised con-cerns with the restriction it contains on grants to State and tribal ceme-teries who receive Federal grants. I look forward to working with the rank-ing member to address these concerns during the upcoming negotiations with the Senate. I want to thank Ms. B
ROWN once again for sponsoring this legislation and bringing this very important issue to our attention. I urge all of my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3715, as amended, the Final Farewell Act. This bill is of great im-portance to many families who tradi-tionally hold funerals on weekends. While the VA has the authority to provide weekend services to veterans and their families, they rarely do. This has been a particular challenge for var-ious religions and cultures who bury their loved ones on Saturday. Further-more, these families are forced to bear the cost of storing their loved one’s re-mains over the weekend. However, this bill, as amended, makes weekend bur-ials available to all veterans, regard-less of their reasoning and need for a weekend burial. This benefit for our veterans is to honor their service to our country. Their loved ones should have the op-portunity to mourn their loss at a time that works for them. I thank all Mem-bers for their consideration and sup-port for this commonsense change. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man MILLER for his support of this im-portant legislation, and I urge passage of this very important bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3715, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to permit in-terments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of deceased veterans at national cemeteries and State ceme-teries receiving grants from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs during certain weekends.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORT OUR MILITARY CAREGIVERS ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3989) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3989 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Support Our Military Caregivers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTERNAL CLINICAL REVIEW OF DENIED APPLICATIONS BY CAREGIVERS OF VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) E
XTERNAL CLINICAL REVIEW OF APPLI-
CATIONS .—(1) Using amounts otherwise ap-propriated to carry out this section, an indi-vidual may elect to have an independent con-tractor described in paragraph (2) perform an external clinical review of any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The denial by the Secretary of an ap-plication by an individual to be a caregiver or family caregiver eligible for the program of comprehensive assistance administered by the Secretary pursuant to this section. ‘‘(B) With respect to such an application that the Secretary has granted, a determina-tion by the Secretary of the level or amount of personal care services that a veteran re-quires. ‘‘(C) A request by a caregiver or family caregiver for a reconsideration of the level or amount of personal care services that a veteran requires based on changes to the health or abilities of the veteran occurring since the Secretary granted such an applica-tion. ‘‘(D) The revocation by the Secretary of as-sistance administered by the Secretary pur-suant to this section. ‘‘(2) An independent contractor described in this paragraph is an independent con-tractor that— ‘‘(A) is awarded a contract by the Sec-retary to carry out this section pursuant to full and open competition under the Federal Acquisition Regulation; ‘‘(B) has no direct or indirect financial re-lationship with any non-Department pro-vider of services to caregivers and family caregivers pursuant to this title; ‘‘(C) has not otherwise conducted an exter-nal clinical review of benefits administered by the Secretary pursuant to this title other than this section; ‘‘(D) has sufficient training and expertise in medical science and other appropriate health, educational, and vocational training and legal matters to perform the reviews de-scribed in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(E) employs a panel of physicians or other appropriate health care professionals who do not provide health care to the individual who makes an election under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) Each external clinical review con-ducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be based on applicable information in-cluded in the application for assistance de-scribed in such paragraph, including clinical expertise, medical, technical, and scientific evidence; ‘‘(B) include an opportunity for both the individual who elects for such review and, to the extent possible, the veteran for whom care is being provided to offer opinions and supporting data as to the level of care re-quired; and ‘‘(C) include a review of the initial clinical review of such veteran and any other review made by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) In carrying out the external clinical reviews pursuant to paragraph (1), the inde-pendent contractor shall, as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.020 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2915 May 23, 2016 
‘‘(A) collect and maintain information re-quired; and ‘‘(B) share such information with the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) The Secretary shall take into account, but is not bound by, any determination made by the independent contractor pursuant to paragraph (1) in determining the final deci-sion with respect to the application for as-sistance. The Secretary may make a final decision that is contrary to such a deter-mination if the Secretary includes clinically supported documentation with the decision. ‘‘(6) The Secretary shall ensure that each external clinical review conducted by the independent contractor pursuant to para-graph (1) is completed and the Department is notified in writing of the results of the re-view by not later than 120 days after the date on which the individual makes the election under such paragraph. Not later than 30 days after the delivery of the determination rec-ommended by the independent contractors, the Secretary shall ensure that the veteran and the individual making the election under such paragraph is notified in writing of the final decision of the Secretary. In ac-cordance with paragraph (5), such notifica-tion shall include an explanation of the rec-ommended decision, a discussion of the facts and applicable regulations, and an expla-nation of the clinical rationale for the final decision. ‘‘(7) The Secretary shall notify individuals who submit an application to be a caregiver or family caregiver eligible for the program of comprehensive assistance administered by the Secretary pursuant to this section of the ability of the individual to make an election under paragraph (1). ‘‘(8) Nothing in this subsection may be con-strued to affect claims made by veterans for disability compensation under chapter 11 of this title.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to elections under subsection (d) of section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(2), that are for appli-cations or revocations for assistance for caregivers and family caregivers pursuant to such section for which the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs has not made a final decision as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. PROCESS TO DETERMINE ELIGIBILITY FOR CAREGIVERS OF VETERANS. 
(a) D IRECTIVES .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall issue directives regarding the policies, procedures, and operational require-ments for the Family Caregiver Program, in-cluding with respect to determining the eli-gibility of an individual to participate in the Family Caregiver Program. (b) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the processes of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with respect to— (1) determining the eligibility of an indi-vidual to participate in the Family Care-giver Program; (2) adjudicating appeals to such determina-tions; and (3) the periodic eligibility reevaluation of an individual participating in such program and the communication of any changes as a result of such reevaluations to the veteran and caregiver. (c) F
AMILY CAREGIVER PROGRAM DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘Family Caregiver Program’’ either the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers or the program of general caregiver support serv-ices established by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 4. MODIFICATION TO LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 705. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BO-NUSES PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
‘‘The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bonuses authorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the fol-lowing amounts: ‘‘(1) With respect to each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, $230,000,000. ‘‘(2) With respect to each of fiscal years 2022 through 2024, $360,000,000.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3989, as amended, Support Our Military Caregivers Act. Congress created the Family Care-givers Program in 2010 to support those family members and friends who put their own lives and careers on hold to care for those veterans who have been gravely wounded in service to our Na-tion following September 11, 2001. At the time, VA expected 3,000 family caregivers would apply for the pro-gram. However, in fiscal year 2015 alone, more than 24,000 caregivers par-ticipated in and received at least one stipend payment through the program. Unsurprisingly, in 2014, the GAO found that staffing for the Family Caregivers Program was insufficient to meet higher-than-expected demand, and staffing shortages impeded the timeliness of the program and nega-tively impacted services to veterans and caregivers. This is unacceptable. H.R. 3989, as amended, would provide a safety valve for understaffed VA caregiver support coordinators by al-lowing veterans and caregivers to elect to have an independent entity provide a clinical review of eligibility for the Family Caregivers Program in certain instances. VA would be required to take the external clinical review into account and to provide clinical jus-tification if VA’s ultimate decision is contrary to the findings contained in the external clinical review. To increase transparency and ensure the program is functioning as Congress intended, it would also require VA to issue directives outlining the policies, procedures, and operational require-ments for the Family Caregivers Pro-gram and would require GAO to report to Congress on VA’s processes for de-termining eligibility for the Family Caregivers Program, adjudicating ap-peals for the Family Caregivers Pro-gram, and periodically reevaluating eligibility for program participants and communicating any changes that result from such reevaluation to the veteran or caregiver in question. Finally, the bill would also limit the amount of taxpayer dollars that VA can spend on awards and bonuses to VA employees. H.R. 3989, as amended, is sponsored by Congresswoman ELISE STEFANIK of New York, and I thank her for her hard work and advocacy in introducing this bill on behalf of our veterans and care-givers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3989, as amended. I know firsthand how difficult it is to deal with the illness of a loved one. I was blessed with the con-tinued vibrant presence of Big Mama, my grandmother, until just a few years ago. My mother is with me now in Florida. I want to say that the work of a care-giver is God’s work. I cannot think of anything more rewarding, pleasing, tir-ing, exhausting or mentally draining than taking care of a family member. I was pleased to support the Care-giver Assistance and Resource En-hancement Act in the 111th Congress. President Obama signed into law the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act on May 5, 2010. The law requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish caregiver support services to veterans. Family caregivers are the foundation of the long-term care system, with more than 50 million people who provide informal caregiving for a chronically ill, dis-abled, or aging family member or friend in any given year in the United States. In fact, it is estimated that about 80 percent of adults living in the community and in need of long-term care depend on family caregivers, therefore, costly institutional nursing home care. The one issue I have with the legisla-tion is that the bill asks the VA to re-port on expanding the caregiver pro-gram. We all know about the program. It works. Why have another report when we should just expand the program? Let me repeat that. We already know that the program works. We don’t need another report. What we need is to just expand the program. I would ask that the Speaker allow us to bring up H.R. 2894, the Caregivers Access and Responsible Expansion for All Veterans Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.021 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2916 May 23, 2016 
b1645 This bill expands the caregivers pro-grams to veterans of all eras. The care-givers program works, and we need to expand the program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the 21st Dis-trict of New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), the sponsor of this important piece of leg-islation. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding H.R. 3989, the Support Our Military Caregivers Act. After working with a constituent who was having trouble with the bu-reaucratic Military Caregiver system at the VA, I was proud to introduce this legislation last November. Military caregivers are loved ones who selflessly care for our Nation’s he-roes behind the scenes to enhance their everyday lives. Thankfully, the Family Caregiver Program, implemented in 2011, was de-signed to ensure caregivers were not forgotten. My bill would guarantee that those who dedicate their lives as caregivers receive the support they so desperately need and they so des-perately deserve. My district has the largest veteran population of any district in New York State. This has provided me with a greater understanding of the selfless sacrifice our veterans and their fami-lies provide to our community and our Nation. Over the last 15 years of war, our servicemembers have served bravely and their families have sacrificed an immeasurable amount. So it is vital that we ensure they receive the best possible care available. Unfortunately, the VA has had a dif-ficult time managing the high demand of Family Caregiver enrollees, which is much larger than originally accounted for. VA medical centers lack sufficient caregiver support coordinators and the necessary clinical staff to carry out medical assessments for eligibility. Ap-plication deadlines are not being met by their own internal standards, and the staff is still shorthanded. This bill would ensure that military caregivers have access to an objective third party to conduct clinical reviews in the event of an appeal. It also en-sures that the process is transparent so that our veterans and caregivers are never left with an unanswered ques-tion. Military caregivers are truly silent heroes in our communities and deserve the respect and benefits proportionate to their significant contributions. Mr. Speaker, I am truly humbled to represent the veterans in my district and will continue to work to improve their lives. I want to thank Chairman B
ENISHEK  of the Veterans’ Affairs Health Sub-committee for working with me on this legislation as well as Chairman M
ILLER  and Ranking Member BROWN for their leadership and bipartisan support of this bill. I urge all my colleagues to support this important bill to improve the lives of our veterans and their caregivers. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3989, as amended, a bill that is designated to create a process for external clinical review of the VA caregivers program. I am hoping that the chairman, as we move forward, will work with the Sen-ate and try to come up with a way that we can at least have a pilot program to expand the caregivers program. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have one remaining speaker. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of IOWA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Support Our Military Caregivers Act, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Congress established the Family Caregiver Program to assist military caregivers and, yet, many face delays in getting the support they need to ef-fectively care for our wounded veteran heroes. The Support Our Military Caregivers Act would streamline the process, al-lowing the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to contract with a third party to reduce the claims backlog. Rather than leave care to strangers, some family members choose to quit their job and make other significant life changes to care for their loved ones. We need to do more to support them. More and more of our veterans are returning from war with battle scars or invisible wounds of war. I often meet with Iowa veterans who have been wounded while serving our country. We have all met with them. These brave servicemembers deserve the best care and assistance we can give. I am proud to support this bill to support our wounded veterans and their dedicated caregivers. I urge my colleagues to join me in passing this bi-partisan, important bill. I want to thank my colleague, Ms. S
TEFANIK , for her bipartisan leadership on this bill. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this time. So I would urge my colleagues to sup-port this piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3989, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
IMPROVING TRANSITION PRO-GRAMS FOR ALL VETERANS ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5229) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, especially in regards to women veterans and minority vet-erans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5229 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The rate of unemployment for women veterans is higher than the rate for male vet-erans. In 2015, the unemployment rate for women veterans remained relatively un-changed at 5.4 percent, while the rate for male veterans declined to 4.5 percent. (2) Women veterans, on average, earn less than male veterans. In 2013, the median in-come for women veterans was $35,264, while the median income for male veterans was $41,310. (3) Women veterans and veterans with dis-abilities are more likely to become home-less. (4) Service-connected disabled veterans with relatively high disability ratings have a higher unemployment rate than those with relatively low disability ratings. In 2015, the unemployment rate for veterans with a serv-ice-connected disability rating of 60 percent or higher was 9.6 percent, much higher than the 4.0 percent rate for veterans with a serv-ice-connected disability rating of 30 percent or lower. (5) In 2013, American Indian and Alaska Native veterans had the lowest median per-sonal incomes of any group of minority vet-erans. (6) In 2013, American Indian and Alaska Native veterans were less likely to have fin-ished an advanced degree than other vet-erans. (7) American Indian and Alaska Native vet-erans were more likely to have a service-con-nected disability rating compared to all other veterans. In 2013, the rate of American Indian and Alaska Native veterans with a service-connected disability rating was about 26 percent compared to 18.2 percent for all other veterans. (8) There is a lack of data on, and an un-derstanding of, the challenges and needs of veterans who are residents of a territory of the United States and veterans who are part of the indigenous population of a territory of the United States. 
SEC. 3. STUDY ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF VET-ERANS TRANSITION EFFORTS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in coordination with the Secretaries of Labor and Defense, shall carry out a study to evaluate programs to assist veterans of the Armed Forces in their transition to civilian life. Such study shall be designed to deter-mine the effectiveness of current programs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.052 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2917 May 23, 2016 
especially in regards to the unique chal-lenges faced by women veterans, veterans with disabilities, Native American veterans, veterans who are residents of a territory of the United States, veterans who are part of the indigenous population of a territory of the United States, and other groups of mi-nority veterans identified by the Secretaries, including whether such programs— (1) effectively address the challenges vet-erans face in pursuing higher education, es-pecially the challenges faced by women vet-erans, veterans with disabilities, Native American veterans, veterans who are resi-dents of a territory of the United States, vet-erans who are part of the indigenous popu-lation of a territory of the United States, and other groups of minority veterans iden-tified by the Secretaries; (2) effectively address the challenges such veterans face entering the civilian workforce and in translating experience and skills from military service to the job market; and (3) effectively address the challenges faced by the families of such veterans transitioning to civilian life. (b) R
EPORT .—Eighteen months after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit a report to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and House of Representatives regarding the findings and recommendations of the study required under subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5229, as amended, the Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act. The transition from military life to civilian life is not always a smooth one. The Transition Assistance Pro-gram that is run by the Departments of Veterans Affairs, Defense, and Labor does a pretty good job alleviating some of the stress that can occur before a servicemember leaves the military, and it is a good opportunity to inform out-going servicemembers of what benefits they may be entitled to from Veterans Affairs and how to prepare for civilian life. Although TAP continues to improve, it still is a struggle to fully prepare servicemembers for this short 5-day pe-riod, let alone address the specific needs each individual has in each pro-gram. The bill before us today would be a first step in examining how TAP can further be improved to address the spe-cific needs of minority veterans, women veterans, disabled veterans, Na-tive American veterans, and veterans from U.S. territories. It is important that, as a Nation, we prepare our men and women of all backgrounds for life after uniform, and the study required by this bill will give the VA, DOD, and Department of Labor the ability to review TAP and to better understand how it can be improved to ensure that we properly transition all servicemembers and address their spe-cific needs as they prepare for life after the military. I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), and the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Ms. Radewagen) for their work on this legislation. It does have my full support. I would urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5229, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of Mr. T
AKANO ’s bill, H.R. 5229, as amended, the bipartisan Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act. Data from the Bureau of Labor Sta-tistics indicates that veteran unem-ployment is at a 7-year low. As of April 2016, veterans faced an overall unem-ployment rate of 3.9 percent, which is better than the Nation’s unemploy-ment rate of 4.5 percent. This is excel-lent news. I am proud that the numbers have improved under the leadership of our committee, the administration, and the Secretary of the VA; yet the over-all unemployment rate for all veterans does not tell the whole story. Some subgroups of veterans are still strug-gling to find fulfilling careers that pay them well and provide an opportunity for growth. According to the Advisory Com-mittee on Veterans’ Employment, Training, and Employer Outreach at the Department of Labor, certain vet-eran populations face challenges and aspire to career paths that differ from the broader population of transitioning servicemembers. To ensure that we as policymakers are ahead of developing trends regard-ing the unique needs of these subgroups of transitioning veterans, this bill will determine the degree to which their needs are different and look for innova-tive approaches toward meeting their unique challenges. H.R. 5229 requires the VA to initiate a research program, in collaboration with DOL and DOD, to better under-stand if and how current veterans tran-sition programs address what may be differentiated needs, challenges, and post-service aspirations of women vet-erans, veterans with disabilities, Na-tive American veterans who are vet-erans from the U.S. territories, and other subgroups that the Secretary identifies. When we, as a Nation, sent individual members of the Armed Forces to war, Congress promised to support all serv-icemembers when they made the tran-sition back into civilian life. The makeup of our modern military forces is changing, and in a few short years there will be a substantially greater percentage of female veterans than there are now. Thanks to modern-day medicine, more veterans survive injuries to re-turn to productive life, even with serv-ice-connected disabilities. But women veterans face a higher unemployment rate than their male counterparts, and veterans with high disability rates have an unemployment rate much higher than those of vet-erans with low disability ratings. What is more, Native American vet-erans earn the lowest median personal income and are less likely to have fin-ished an advanced degree than other veterans. There is much more we don’t know about how these trends impact veterans from the U.S. territories. As policymakers, we must first un-derstand the different needs of these groups of veterans and then be ready to adapt VA policies and programs to help all veterans access the resources they need to be successful. This bill will en-able us to do that. I want to thank the leadership on this important issue and my colleague from across the aisle for being an origi-nal cosponsor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any speakers on this. So I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. minutes remaining. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for yielding. I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 5212, as amended. Mr. Speaker, the initial transition from military to civilian life is often the most difficult time for returning veterans. The Federal Transition As-sistance Program, otherwise known as TAP, is designed to ease that shift by teaching veterans about their benefits and preparing them to enter the work-force, attend school, or both. As the ranking member noted, the program has largely been successful. Veteran unemployment is at a 7-year low. However, supporting transitioning veterans requires more than a one-size- fits-all program. There are more than 135,000 former servicemembers in my district, and just one approach cannot meet the needs of every individual. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.022 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2918 May 23, 2016 
Certain veteran communities are still being left behind. Women veterans, Native American veterans, veterans from the U.S. terri-tories, and veterans with disabilities face challenges and aspire to jobs that differ from the broader population of returning servicemembers. We cannot be satisfied with a program that allows large groups of veterans to slip through the cracks. The Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act is a bipartisan bill that requires the VA to launch a re-search program examining if and how the current program meets the needs of minority veterans groups. In collaboration with the Depart-ments of Labor and Defense, the bill would require the VA to recommend changes to TAP that would address barriers and better serve these vet-erans in their pursuit of meaningful employment following their military service. More than ever before, our military reflects America’s diverse mix of peo-ple and cultures. Each of these transitioning servicemembers, regard-less of gender, race, or disability, has made the same commitment to defend-ing this Nation. b1700 All of them deserve our full support when they return home. I am proud to have introduced this bill with the gentlewoman from Amer-ican Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ). I want to thank Mr. W
ENSTRUP , chair of the Economic Opportunity Sub-committee, and Chairman M
ILLER for their support in moving this forward. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to promptly pass this legislation. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to discuss bipartisan efforts to im-prove the work our Nation does to care for our veterans. Next week we will be honoring those who gave their lives for this country on Memorial Day. We will commemorate the lives and the sacrifices of those who died while wearing the uniform of the United States of America. We will rightly recognize their courage and commitment, but we must also ensure we continue to recognize the same courage and dedication found in our veterans and Active-Duty personnel and the challenges that many of them face as they transition into civilian life. The Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act will allow Con-gress, the VA, and the Departments of Labor and Defense to better under-stand these challenges. The study cre-ated by this bill will allow us to under-stand what is working, what is not working, and how veterans can best be placed in a position to succeed once they transition to civilian life. It will allow us to better understand the challenges, the unique challenges, faced by the growing number of female veterans in our population, a group that generally has a higher unemploy-ment rate and lower post-military sala-ries than their male counterparts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that we can more effectively allocate resources dedicated to assisting veterans in their transi-tion out of uniform and support several other great veterans bills on the floor today that would assist veteran care-givers and ensure that the VA develops plans to hire permanent medical center directors. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the bipartisan committee for coming up with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this leg-islation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5229), as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VA HEALTH CENTER MANAGE-MENT STABILITY AND IMPROVE-MENT ACT Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3956) to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3956 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Improve-ment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) According to data from the Department of Veterans Affairs, several medical centers of the Department are managed by acting or temporary directors. (2) Some of these medical centers have not been managed by a permanent director for a long period. (3) Pursuant to section 317.903 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, a member of the senior executive service who is detailed to a temporary position in a department or agency of the Federal Government may not serve in that position for periods longer than 120-day increments, and no member of the senior executive service may be detailed to an unclassified position for a period longer than 240 days. (4) The inability of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to recruit qualified, permanent candidates as directors of medical centers, combined with the policies described in para-graph (3), leads to frequent turnover of direc-tors at the medical centers which impedes the ability of system management to engage in long-term planning and other functions necessary to improve service delivery to vet-erans. (5) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs should develop a comprehensive plan to re-cruit permanent directors at each medical center that lacks a permanent director. SEC. 3. PLAN TO HIRE DIRECTORS OF MEDICAL CENTERS OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P LAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall develop and implement a plan to hire highly qualified di-rectors for each medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs that lacks a permanent director as of the date of the plan. The Secretary shall prioritize the hir-ing of such directors for the medical centers that have not had a permanent director for the longest periods. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan devel-oped under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A deadline to hire the directors of the medical centers of the Department as de-scribed in such subsection. (2) Identification of the possible impedi-ments to such hiring. (3) Identification of opportunities to pro-mote and train candidates from within the Department to senior executive positions in the Department, including as directors of medical centers. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate the plan de-veloped under subsection (a). (d) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each 180-day period thereafter until January 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a list of each medical center of the Department that lacks a permanent director as of the date of the report. 
SEC. 4. COMPLIANCE WITH SCHEDULING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL CERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the director of each medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs annually certifies to the Sec-retary that the medical facility is in full compliance with all provisions of law and regulations relating to scheduling appoint-ments for veterans to receive hospital care and medical services, including pursuant to Veterans Health Administration Directive 2010–027, or any successor directive. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON WAIVER .—The Secretary may not waive any provision of the laws or regulations described in paragraph (1) for a medical facility of the Department if such provision otherwise applies to the medical facility. (b) E
XPLANATION OF NONCOMPLIANCE .—If a director of a medical facility of the Depart-ment does not make a certification under subsection (a)(1) for any year, the director shall submit to the Secretary a report con-taining— (1) an explanation of why the director is unable to make such certification; and (2) a description of the actions the director is taking to ensure full compliance with the laws and regulations described in such sub-section. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON BONUSES BASED ON NON-
COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a director of a medical facility of the Department does not make a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.055 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2919 May 23, 2016 
certification under subsection (a)(1) for any year, each covered official described in para-graph (2) may not receive an award or bonus under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other award or bonus au-thorized under such title or title 38, United States Code, during the year following the year in which the certification was not made. (2) C
OVERED OFFICIAL .—A covered official described in this paragraph is each official who serves in the following positions at a medical facility of the Department during a year, or portion thereof, for which the direc-tor does not make a certification under sub-section (a)(1): (A) The director. (B) The chief of staff. (C) The associate director. (D) The associate director for patient care. (E) The deputy chief of staff. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall annually submit to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representative and the Senate a report containing, with re-spect to the year covered by the report— (1) a list of each medical facility of the De-partment for which a certification was made under subsection (a)(1); and (2) a list of each medical facility of the De-partment for which such a certification was not made, including a copy of each report submitted to the Secretary under subsection (b). 
SEC. 5. UNIFORM APPLICATION OF DIRECTIVES AND POLICIES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall ensure that the directives and policies of the Department of Veterans Affairs apply to each office or facility of the Department in a uniform manner. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary does not uniformly apply the directives and poli-cies of the Department pursuant to sub-section (a), including by waiving such a di-rective or policy with respect to an office, fa-cility, or element of the Department, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tive and the Senate of such nonuniform ap-plication, including an explanation for the nonuniform application. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3956, as amended, the VA Health Center Management Stability and Improve-ment Act. H.R. 3956, as amended, is sponsored by my good friend, col-league, and fellow committee member, Congressman B
OSTof Illinois. H.R. 3956, as amended, also contains provisions from H.R. 4977, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act, which is sponsored by Congresswoman JACKIE  W
ALORSKI from Indiana, who is also an active Veterans’ Affairs Committee member. There has been a tremendous amount of turnover among the Department of Veterans Affairs medical center leaders in the last few years. According to the Deputy Secretary of VA Sloan Gibson, over half of Veterans Health Adminis-tration senior leader positions turned over from October 2013 to October 2015. Without consistent, high-quality lead-ership in VA medical centers, our vet-erans aren’t being served as well as they could be or they should be. H.R. 3956, as amended, would direct VA to develop and implement a plan to hire a director for each VA medical center without a permanent director and prioritize hiring at VA medical centers that have not had a permanent director for the longest periods of time. Once stable leadership is in place, we need to ensure that they are held ac-countable. One of the contributing factors be-hind the access to care crisis that plagued the VA healthcare system in 2014 was the failure of VA medical cen-ters to comply with VA scheduling policies. To avoid that in the future, H.R. 3956, as amended, would require VA to ensure that directives and poli-cies apply uniformly across the entire department and require VA medical center directors to annually certify compliance with the scheduling direc-tive or any successor directive that re-places it. If a facility fails to comply, leaders at that facility would be pro-hibited from receiving a bonus. I am grateful to both Congressman B
OSTand Congresswoman W ALORSKI for their efforts on this legislation on be-half of our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 3956, as amended. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3956, as amended. This bill finds that multiple VA centers are managed by acting or temporary directors— some of these centers have lacked a permanent director for a long time; there are time limits as to how long a Senior Executive Service employee can be placed in a temporary position— that there is frequent turnover of med-ical center directors, impeding the medical center’s ability to engage in long-term planning and other nec-essary functions; and that the VA should develop a comprehensive plan to recruit permanent directors at each medical center that lacks a permanent director. This bill requires the VA to come up with a plan to fill all of the positions that are not currently held by a perma-nent director. They then will report back to Congress on their progress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the 12th District of Illinois (Mr. BOST), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, as a marine and the father of a marine, I under-stand it takes leadership to win a bat-tle. However, at VA medical centers across this country, we have seen a re-volving door of temporary directors that has made it difficult to implement the long-term reforms our heroes de-serve. This first came to my attention in my own backyard. Many southern Illinois veterans re-ceive treatment at the VA Medical Center in St. Louis. This facility has struggled to find a permanent director since July 14, 2013. That is 34 months ago. It is a similar story at roughly three dozen other VA hospitals nation-wide. Part of the problem is rooted in the fact that the Office of Personnel Man-agement only allows temporary direc-tors to serve a term of 120 to 240 days. How are we ever going to clean up the VA if no one is around long enough to do it? That is why I introduced H.R. 3956, the VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act. My bi-partisan legislation, introduced with Congressman C
OSTA , will help close the revolving door at the VA clinics. It re-quires the VA to report to Congress on any unfilled vacancies and identify roadblocks that may have led to the problem to begin with. It requires the VA to develop a plan of action for hir-ing highly qualified and permanent di-rectors for each and every opening. It tells the VA to access opportunities for promoting and training high-per-forming candidates from within the or-ganization. The status quo is unacceptable, as it determines the quality, consistency, and speed of care that our veterans re-ceive. Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to join The American Legion, AMVETS, Disabled Veterans of Amer-ica, and other service organizations by supporting this legislation. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3956, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the Second District of Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). Mrs. WALORSKI. I thank the chair-man for all his hard work on many VA issues in reference to veterans. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3956, the VA Health Center Management Stability and Improve-ment Act. This legislation includes my bill, the VA Scheduling Accountability Act, which locks in a crucial measure of oversight over VA scheduling prac-tices. Hearings held by the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee and investigations by the VA inspector general and the GAO have, unfortunately, substantiated many of the allegations of manipulated schedules and falsified wait time data at VA facilities across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.023 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2920 May 23, 2016 
VA Directive 2010–027 contains the VA’s policy for appointment scheduling processes and procedures. It contains a checklist with 19 different items, such as ensuring that a patient’s desired ap-pointment date is not altered and that the staff have appropriate training. Importantly, the directive requires each facility to annually certify its full compliance with all 19 items. However, an August 2014 VA Office of Inspector General report uncovered that in May of 2013, a senior VA official waived the certification requirement for FY 2013. This essentially put facilities on the honor system by allowing them to only self-certify. Without this crucial ac-countability mechanism, bad actors were given free rein to manipulate the wait time data and allow compliance with scheduling practices to deterio-rate. Meanwhile, veterans died waiting for appointments while others faced delays in getting the critical care they needed. I am glad that the VA has rein-stated the certification requirement, but I am concerned there is nothing stopping them from waiving it again. H.R. 3956, the VA Scheduling Ac-countability Act, requires each facility director to annually certify compliance with the scheduling directive, or any successive directive that replaces it, and, most importantly, prohibits any future waivers. In addition, it prohibits the VA from giving bonuses to direc-tors if their facility fails to certify compliance, and it requires the VA to report to Congress a list of facilities not in compliance. This will provide more oversight of the VA, ensure Con-gress is aware on noncompliant facili-ties, and end the reckless practice of self-certification. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill and the underlying legislation. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this im-portant piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3956, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1715 SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM ‘‘KELLY’’ LACEY POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4987) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4987 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM ‘‘KELLY’’ LACEY POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in section 1 shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Wil-liam ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4987, introduced by Congressman J
EFFMIL-
LERof Florida. H.R. 4987 designates the post office located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey Post Of-fice. Sergeant Kelly Lacey enlisted in the Army on October 16, 2002, and he served with dedication for nearly 12 years. Sergeant Lacey was on a tour of duty in Afghanistan when he was killed in action on January 4, 2014. During his time in the Army, Ser-geant Lacey earned more than 30 mili-tary awards and decorations, including a Bronze Star with Valor and two more Bronze Star Medals. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Lacey exem-plified leadership throughout his ca-reer. Just months before his death, he fulfilled one of his lifelong dreams by reaching the rank of E–7, the same rank that his father achieved in his service. I urge all Members to honor Lacey’s great sacrifice by naming a post office in his honor. I will soon yield to the bill’s sponsor, and my friend, Congress-man J
EFF MILLER , to tell us more about Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4987, a bill to designate the facility in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey Post Office. Sergeant First Class Lacey is remem-bered as a wonderful family man by those he leaves behind, particularly his wife, Ashley, daughter, Lily, three stepdaughters, and parents. Sergeant First Class Kelly’s military honor includes three Bronze Stars, in-cluding one with valor, a Purple Heart, and a Humanitarian Award for his re-lief work following Hurricane Katrina. We should pass this bill to remember Sergeant First Class Lacey’s heroic deeds on the battlefield as well as his compassion for others at home. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ). Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. W
ALKER . A little over 2 years ago, northwest Florida and our Nation lost a warrior and a patriot upon the death of Army Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey. Kelly was assigned to the 201st Brigade Support Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team of the 1st Infantry Divi-sion out of Fort Knox, Kentucky, and was killed on January 4, 2014, in Nangarhar province, Afghanistan, while in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Today I stand before you to honor this true American hero by designating the facility of the United States Postal Service, located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class William ‘‘Kelly’’ Lacey Post Office. Kelly had served three tours in Iraq and was completing his second tour in Afghanistan when his life was trag-ically taken. During the mission that took his life, Kelly protected fellow soldiers during an attack where a car bomb had breached his base perimeter, allowing multiple combatants, many bearing suicide vests, to initiate an as-sault. Kelly took a guard tower and began providing cover fire, killing three assailants before a rocket-pro-pelled grenade took his life. He was scheduled to return home just 2 weeks from the time of his death. We must never forget, nor take for granted, the many liberties we enjoy as Americans—liberties earned and for-tified by soldiers like Kelly, who never hesitate when called upon. Kelly brave-ly dedicated his life to protect our free-dom. While there is nothing we can do today to bring Kelly back to us and take away the pain that is felt by his loved ones that have been left behind, we can help memorialize his ultimate sacrifice. America’s sovereignty and democ-racy is deeply rooted in the courageous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.059 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2921 May 23, 2016 
acts of our men and women in the Armed Forces, who willingly serve knowing that at any time they could pay the ultimate sacrifice. Renaming the post office will help ensure that fu-ture generations forever remember that sacrifice and understand the true cost of freedom. I ask my colleagues for your support on this legislation. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4987. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPECIALIST ROSS A. M CGINNIS MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 433) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Of-fice’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 433 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Ross Andrew McGinnis was born and raised in Knox, Pennsylvania, the son of Tom and Romayne McGinnis. (2) Specialist McGinnis joined the Army in 2004 and following his training, was assigned to 1st Platoon, C Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division. (3) On December 4, 2006, McGinnis was killed in action while serving in Iraq. For his actions that day, he was awarded the Con-gressional Medal of Honor by President George W. Bush on June 2, 2008. (4) From the official Medal of Honor Army Citation: (A) Private First Class Ross A. McGinnis, United States Army. For conspicuous gal-lantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. (B) Private First Class Ross A. McGinnis distinguished himself by acts of gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty while serving as an M2 .50-caliber Ma-chine Gunner, 1st Platoon, C Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, in con-nection with combat operations against an armed enemy in Adhamiyah, Northeast Baghdad, Iraq, on 4 December 2006. (C) That afternoon his platoon was con-ducting combat control operations in an ef-fort to reduce and control sectarian violence in the area. While Private McGinnis was manning the M2 .50-caliber Machine Gun, a fragmentation grenade thrown by an insur-gent fell through the gunner’s hatch into the vehicle. Reacting quickly, he yelled ‘‘gre-nade,’’ allowing all four members of his crew to prepare for the grenade’s blast. Then, rather than leaping from the gunner’s hatch to safety, Private McGinnis made the coura-geous decision to protect his crew. In a self-less act of bravery, in which he was mortally wounded, Private McGinnis covered the live grenade, pinning it between his body and the vehicle and absorbing most of the explosion. (D) Private McGinnis’ gallant action di-rectly saved four men from certain serious injury or death. Private First Class McGinnis’ extraordinary heroism and self-lessness at the cost of his own life, above and beyond the call of duty, are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army. SEC. 2. SPECIALIST ROSS A. MCGINNIS MEMO-RIAL POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Spe-cialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Of-fice’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 433, in-troduced by Congressman G
LENN  T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 433 designates the post office lo-cated at 523 East Railroad Street, in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Of-fice. This bill honors a remarkably brave soldier and Medal of Honor recipient, Army Specialist Ross McGinnis. This young man’s story is one of incredible sacrifice. When enemy combatants launched a grenade into the vehicle oc-cupied by Specialist McGinnis and his fellow soldiers, Specialist McGinnis’ reaction was one of inconceivable brav-ery. He thrust his own body on top of the grenade to save the lives of his comrades. In a moment I will ask my colleague, Congressman T
HOMPSON , the sponsor of this bill, to share more about this hero and his incredible story. In the mean-time, I want to urge Members to sup-port this bill to name a post office to honor McGinnis’ life and his sacrifice. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 433, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Me-morial Post Office. There are a number of post offices that we are bringing forward today, recognizing the sacrifice and the com-mitment of our American citizens to our country. It is noteworthy to put into the RECORD that Ross McGinnis was promoted after death to Specialist and received the Bronze Star, the Pur-ple Heart, and the prestigious Medal of Honor for his heroic actions. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the ultimate sacrifice that Specialist Ross McGinnis made to our country. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in just a few days, people across the Nation will pause on Memo-rial Day to remember the men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice, losing their lives as members of Amer-ica’s Armed Forces. As a Member of Congress and an Army dad, with my son, Logan, being wounded in Iraq, I know some of the struggles our military families go through every day. I also know how courageous and strong our fighting men and women are, and the bravery of those who did not make it home. I rise in support of H.R. 433, which re-names the United States Post Office in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Of-fice, a designation which will honor an exceptionally brave young man. Medal of Honor recipient Ross A. McGinnis was born June 14, 1987, Flag Day, in Meadville, Pennsylvania, the son of Tom and Romayne McGinnis. He was killed in the line of duty on De-cember 4, 2006, while serving in Iraq. Ross grew up in the community of Knox, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. He attended Clarion County Public Schools and was a member of the Boy Scouts, along with participating in basketball, soc-cer, and Little League Baseball. He was a member of the St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Knox, and a 2005 graduate of Keystone Junior-Senior High School. Ross had long wanted to be a soldier, and in 2004, on his 17th birthday, he vis-ited an Army recruiting center and joined the delayed entry program. Following his initial training, Ross was deployed to eastern Baghdad in August of 2006. He served as an M2 .50- caliber machine gunner in the 1st Pla-toon, C Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, in support of oper-ations intended to combat an intense insurgency in that region. On December 4, 2006, McGinnis’ pla-toon was on mounted patrol in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.062 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2922 May 23, 2016 
Adhamiyah. During the course of the patrol, an insurgent on a nearby roof-top threw a grenade into the vehicle Ross was riding in. Without hesitation or regard for his own life, McGinnis threw his body on top of the grenade, saving the lives of his fellow soldiers. Posthumously, he was promoted to Specialist and was awarded the Silver Star. On June 2, 2008, he was awarded the Medal of Honor. In part, his citation reads his ‘‘extraordinary heroism and selflessness at the cost of his own life, above and beyond the call of duty, are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army.’’ It is my hope that through the nam-ing of this post office, his heroism and selflessness will live long through the ages. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge the passage of H.R. 433. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 433. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ADAM BROWN UNITED STATES POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3931) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3931 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ADAM BROWN UNITED STATES POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs Na-tional Park, Arkansas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. b1730 GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3931, intro-duced by Congressman B
RUCE  W
ESTERMAN of Arkansas. H.R. 3931 des-ignates the post office located at 620 Central Avenue, Suite 1A, in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office. Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown was a true American hero and someone who I hope will serve as an inspiration to many. Adam went from drug addiction, theft, and prison time to a life devoted to faith, family, and country. A decorated Navy SEAL, Adam served multiple tours of duty and lost an eye and multiple fingers, but re-turned to duty nonetheless. One tour in Afghanistan was not just to fight for his country. He went to give away 500 pairs of shoes to Afghan children that he had collected as a personal project. Adam’s legacy should live on in our hearts and minds as well as in physical remembrance. I urge Members to sup-port this bill and name a post office after this hero, Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I join my colleagues in the consider-ation of H.R. 3931, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service, located in Hot Springs Na-tional Park, Arkansas, as the Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office. Adam Brown never did anything half-way. He was always ready to push aside his own needs to help others. Adam joined the Navy in 1998. It was not long before he became a Navy SEAL and eventually served as a member of the elite SEAL Team Six and a special op-erations task force deployed to Afghan-istan. Again, we have the opportunity here in Congress to recognize sometimes the quiet, but amazing, contributions of our military and of this individual we bring forward to be named today. We should pass this bill to remember the tenacity of Chief Petty Officer Brown and to honor his valiant military serv-ice. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the fine gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, Jesus said: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.’’ This poignant verse is in-scribed on the headstone of Arkansas and American hero and Hot Springs na-tive Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown. Adam’s story is a story of loyalty and dedication to the American way of life, and it is an inspiring testament to overcoming adversity through faith. True to the Navy SEAL creed, Adam’s strength and leadership abili-ties were forged by adversity. Although Adam’s eagerness for risk led to trou-ble in his youth, his determination to do the right thing, fueled by a love for his family, faith, and country, led him to become a member of the elite SEAL Team Six. On March 17, 2010, while conducting a raid on an enemy stronghold in Komar province, Afghanistan, Chief Petty Of-ficer Adam Brown selflessly placed himself in the enemy’s line of fire to protect and assist his brothers in arms. Though his brave actions relieved the fire on his teammates and ultimately led to the capture of the stronghold, Adam was struck and killed by enemy fire. Many Members of this body as well as countless others have read Adam’s inspiring life story in the best- selling book ‘‘Fearless.’’ Mr. Speaker, during this week before Memorial Day, it is my hope that this piece of legislation will not only serve to honor Chief Petty Officer Brown, but that it will also honor all of the men and women from Arkansas’ Fourth Congressional District who have laid down their lives in defense of the United States of America and free-dom. As we remember the fallen, let us also remember those who gave men-tally, physically, and emotionally, peo-ple like Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Mills, Jr., who survived his helicopter being shot down 16 times and who was awarded three Silver Stars for his he-roic actions in Vietnam. I thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their attention to this piece of legislation. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3931. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3931. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.064 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2923 May 23, 2016 
PRIVATE FIRST CLASS FELTON ROGER FUSSELL MEMORIAL POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3953) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3953 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PRIVATE FIRST CLASS FELTON ROGER FUSSELL MEMORIAL POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 3953, intro-duced by Congressman G
USBILIRAKIS  of Florida. H.R. 3953 designates the post office located at 4122 Madison Street, in Elfers, Florida, as the Pri-vate First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. Roger Fussell enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1969 at the age of 18 and left for Vietnam in that same year. Exactly 1 year after he enlisted, Fussell was tragically killed by enemy fire. Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell volun-teered his service and lost his life all too soon while fighting for a country he believed in. I urge Members to support this bill that names a post office in his honor. In a moment, I will yield to its spon-sor, my friend, Congressman B
ILIRAKIS , to tell us more about Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I join with my colleagues in the con-sideration of H.R. 3953, a bill to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service, located in Elfers, Flor-ida, as Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. Roger Fussell received numerous awards for his honorable service, in-cluding an Expert Marksman Medal, a Vietnamese Military Merit Medal, the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross, and a Purple Heart. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill to create and pre-serve the memory of Private First Class Fussell’s achievements and to honor the ultimate sacrifice he made on behalf of this country. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3953, legislation to designate the Elfers post office as the Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. I never had a chance to meet Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell, but after working on this legislation with his family and friends, I wish I had. Private Fussell was born in New Port Richey, Florida, and graduated from Gulf High School in 1968. Despite his love for hunting, fishing, and repairing old cars, Private Fussell pursued his calling by enlisting in the Marine Corps. On June 6, 1968, Private Fussell en-tered the service along with his friend, Jack Mathison, under the Buddy Sys-tem program. They went to basic train-ing at Parris Island, South Carolina, where Roger was the high shooter for his platoon. He also was honored with the Expert Marksman Medal for superior scores in rifle range shooting. Private Fussell then continued on to advanced infantry training at Camp Lejeune and Camp Pendleton. Private Fussell departed for Vietnam in March of 1969 and served with honor and distinction. On the 1-year anniver-sary of his enlistment, he was killed by mortar fire in service of his country. For his bravery and sacrifice, Private Fussell earned several awards, includ-ing the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross, which is awarded for acts of valor and heroic conduct during an armed conflict. He also received the Vietnamese Military Merit Medal, which is the highest military decoration that was bestowed by South Vietnam during the Vietnam war. Clearly, Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell is a hero who is deserv-ing of having his hometown’s post of-fice in Elfers, Florida, dedicated in his honor. I have worked closely with Roger’s family and with the entire Elfers com-munity on this legislation to help so-lidify the memory of Private Fussell’s bravery, American spirit, and opti-mism. His actions served as an inspiration for his brother, Timothy, who has gone on to serve his community as chief of the Port Richey Fire Department. Honoring Private Fussell with the Elfers post office’s designation also honors the work of his sister, Myra. Myra served her community in this very post office for 20 years. Let’s honor this American hero and his family by passing H.R. 3953 and by designating the Elfers post office as the Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3953. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3953. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAJOR GREGORY E. BARNEY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4747) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 6691 Church Street in River-dale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4747 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAJOR GREGORY E. BARNEY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Bar-ney Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.068 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2924 May 23, 2016 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4747, intro-duced by Congressman D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4747 designates the post office located at 6691 Church Street, in Riverdale, Georgia, as the Major Greg-ory E. Barney Post Office Building. Major Greg Barney was a Riverdale police officer for 26 years before he was tragically shot and killed in the line of duty earlier this year. Major Barney was a United States Navy veteran, and we are thankful for his service to our country and to his community. I will soon yield to my colleagues to tell us more about Major Barney’s life and sacrifice. For now, I urge Members to support this bill to name a post of-fice after Major Greg Barney in honor of his valiant service. I reserve the balance of my time. b1745 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman J
ASON CHAFFETZ , chairman of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee, for helping me, for working with me, and for taking time with me in getting this bill through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and here on the House floor for a vote before we break for the Me-morial Day holiday observance. Chairman C
HAFFETZ and I had a won-derful conversation, and we both agreed that we wanted to get this bill out before the Memorial Day observ-ance because this bill represents a most appropriate way for us to begin the observance of Memorial Day. I thank Ranking Member E
LIJAH  C
UMMINGS . I want to thank, also, the committee members of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I want to thank Majority Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY and Speaker P AULRYANfor their help in moving expeditiously with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you that the idea for this bill came to me di-rectly from the heart and the soul of the wonderful people of Riverdale, Georgia, who truly love and endear Major Barney. Riverdale, Georgia, is an extraor-dinary city with a rich history. It is led by Mayor Evelyn Wynn-Dixon, Police Chief Todd Spivey, council members Cynthia Stamps-Jones, An’Cel Davis, Wanda Wallace, and Kenny Ruffin. As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, council members Stamps-Jones and An’Cel Davis stopped by my office in Jonesboro and presented this idea to me. I want to thank my chief of staff, Mi-chael Andel, and my senior staffer here in Washington, William Burriss, for their tremendous work in helping. I also thank my district director, Chandra Harris, and deputy district di-rector, Isaac DoDoo, for working with us in Georgia. Now I want to say the other impor-tant thing about this bill. This is truly a bipartisan bill. This bill honoring Major Barney is cosponsored by all 14 members of the Georgia congressional delegation, Democrats and Repub-licans, and by both of our United States Senators, JOHNNY ISAKSON and D
AVID PERDUE , who will handle this in the Senate. I want to thank, as I look over and I see some of my Republican friends and colleagues on the floor, T
OMPRICE, L
YNN WESTMORELAND , and J ODY HICE for joining us here for this important bill. Now, Mr. Speaker, why we are here? On February 11, 2016, Major Gregory E. Barney, who also, notably, was the very first African American interim police chief in the history of Riverdale, Georgia, was fatally shot in the line of duty while he was serving a warrant for the arrest of a drug dealer, the dregs of our community right now. Major Bar-ney stepped up and responded. He was working with a detail of the Clayton County Police, their narcotics unit and their SWAT team; and they were there to put forward this warrant for this ar-rest, and the drug dealer shot Mr. Bar-ney. Now, the day of this tragic death, also, Mr. Speaker, the 11th of Feb-ruary, there was something else signifi-cant. It also marked the anniversary of his 25-year career. Major Barney was shot on the 25th anniversary of his 25 years of service to the Clayton County and Riverdale police forces. So I know, with a heavy heart and deep condolences, that each of us in this United States Congress takes this moment to extend our heartfelt condo-lences to the family of Major Barney: his lovely wife, Lisa, and his two sons, Gregory and Robert. Mr. Speaker, these were twin boys who have lost their father. It is most fitting, also, Mr. Speaker, that the post office that we are naming for Major Barney is located directly across the street from the Riverdale Police Department headquarters now. Mr. Speaker, it is also within the view of the apartment complex where the drug raid took place where Major Bar-ney lost his life. Mr. Speaker, Major Barney became the first police officer in Riverdale, Georgia, to be slain in the line of duty. Mr. Speaker, as we are here and we look forward to that day when we name this post office, we hope that in some small way that, to the family, to his children, to the people of Riverdale, Georgia, and the people of this Nation, when they pass by this post office, they will be able to pass by with a sense of great pride, great respect, and great gratitude for Major Barney, who was truly a Georgia hero. Not only was Major Barney a Georgia hero, he was an American hero. For, as you and I and all of us here in Congress know, when we recognize Major Bar-ney, we are recognizing so many of our brave men and women who put their lives on the line every single day to protect us in law enforcement and in the military. Mr. Speaker, Jesus Christ, just a few hours before he was crucified, said to his disciples: This is my command-ment: that you love one another as I loved you. And then Jesus said: Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friend. Mr. Speaker, such a man was Major Gregory E. Barney. I ask this House for a unanimous ‘‘yes’’ vote. God bless you. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. T
OMPRICE). Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to join my colleagues today to honor Major Greg Barney, who was tragically shot and killed, as has been defined, in the line of duty on February 11, this year, while serving in the city of Riverdale, Geor-gia. Major Barney was a United States Navy veteran and had served with the Riverdale Police Department for over 25 years, including as a school resource officer at Riverdale High School. We all know what a selfless role that is, a true labor of love. Major Barney em-bodied the kind of courageous and val-iant men and women we all want on our police forces. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Georgia’s Sixth District, I offer our deepest con-dolences to his wife, Lisa, and their 15- year-old twin boys, Robert and Greg, and their family and friends. I offer our heartfelt gratitude for his service and sacrifice. It is because of his type of heroism that we all feel protected in our communities. So this is a fitting tribute, Mr. Speaker, and I ask my colleagues to join us in support of H.R. 4747, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located on Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building. My colleague D
AVID SCOTT has worked tirelessly on this bill, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. I thank Con-gressman S
COTT for his efforts and this House for your support. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4747, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located in River-dale, Georgia, as the Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Major Gregory Barney’s 25 years of service to his community, in addition to his service to his country and to commemorate the life that he led. I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.071 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2925 May 23, 2016 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding. I also rise in support of H.R. 4747, to designate the U.S. post office in honor of Riverdale Police Major Gregory E. Barney. I also sincerely want to thank Con-gressman D
AVID SCOTT from Georgia’s 13th District for his great leadership on this bill. As has been spoken already, Major Barney led a life of service both to his community and of devotion to his fam-ily. Starting his career as a firefighter and then later serving in an ambulance squad, Major Barney joined the River-dale Police Department in 1990. There he served for the next 25 years, as has already been mentioned, serving, ulti-mately, as the first African American chief of police in Riverdale. Tragically, as we have heard tonight, his life ended in a shooting while try-ing to execute a no-knock warrant. On that tragic night of February 11, he gave his life trying to bring drug deal-ers to justice. Although I did not know him personally, from all accounts, Major Greg Barney died just as he lived: going above and beyond the call of duty to make his community a bet-ter place. It is fitting that the Riverdale Post Office that we are discussing is directly across the street from the Riverdale Police Department. It will serve as a daily reminder to all who enter those buildings of Major Barney’s dedication to the community and of his valor in the line of duty. Also, as has been mentioned, I would like for us to remember his loving wife, Lisa, and twin teenage boys, Robert and Greg, in our thoughts and prayers while they continue to mourn his pass-ing. I urge our colleagues to support H.R. 4747. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ). Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, I am honored today that my colleague, Congressman D
AVID SCOTT, asked me to participate in this. My father was a firefighter for 26 years in the city of Atlanta, and he died answering an alarm in 1972. So I understand the heartache of a family when a loved one goes to do their job, to be that first responder, that first person on the scene, and does not come back. b1800 I think it is particularly interesting that, in this case, this officer and his colleagues were serving a no-knock warrant. No-knock warrants are issued by a judge because they are basically the most protective type of warrant for a police officer because they go in, and they know there is criminal activity or there are drug sales, gambling, or whatever the circumstance is, that they can go in. Major Barney was out in the field and happened to give chase to a gen-tleman who ran out the back door. A lot of times when these first responders put their lives on the line, I don’t think people understand that they have got a wife, such as he had, Lisa, sons, Robert and Greg, who he wanted to go home to that night. Those boys wanted their daddy to come home, and that wife wanted her husband to come home. He was out serving the commu-nity. I think that is one of the great at-tributes that, if you look at Major Bar-ney and how other people looked at him, it is what he did for his family, what he did for his community and all the different services that have already been mentioned here tonight. A lot of times, for some reason, the public does not want to understand that these law enforcement officers, these first re-sponders, these medics who go out and do this, they do this for the protection of all of us—at the risk of their lives. Major Barney gave the ultimate sac-rifice. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Georgia. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Speaker, I think, as we remember his family and the other families tonight, we should remember them for a while and thank them. We have just recently had another of-ficer who was killed. We have to re-member these people and their families and not only pray for the protection of the public servant, but pray for those families that, when that loved one leaves their house, like in my case, and you don’t know whether your loved one is coming back, pray for them that they would have that strength and that encouragement and that love to let that loved one go do their job. How appropriate, as has been men-tioned, that this post office is right across the street from the Riverdale Police Department. A post office is somewhere where the community comes and gathers and talks. I don’t think there is any more honorable trib-ute. I have lived in Riverdale. I know that area. I know that post office. I know how the community respects that, so there could be no greater trib-ute than to have a post office named after you. I want to encourage all my col-leagues to help us send a great message to this hero’s family and support H.R. 4747. Again, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), my friend, for letting me participate in this. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4747. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LCPL GARRETT W. GAMBLE, USMC POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4877) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Gar-rett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4877 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LCPL GARRETT W. GAMBLE, USMC POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gam-ble, USMC Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4877, introduced by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). H.R. 4877 designates the post office located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building. Lance Corporal Gamble was a deter-mined young man. Before he even grad-uated high school, he already decided to join the Marines. Less than a year after being deployed in Afghanistan, Gamble was killed when he stepped on an enemy land mine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.073 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2926 May 23, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, Garrett Gamble’s life was taken far too soon. Naming a post office after him is just a small honor we can give to a man who gave his life for his country. I urge Members to sup-port this bill to name a post office in Gamble’s honor. I will soon yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ), my colleague and the bill’s sponsor, to tell us more about the honorable soldier Lance Cor-poral Garrett W. Gamble. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4877, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Sugar Land, Texas, as LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building. It has been stated that this amazing young man was only 20 years old when he gave the ultimate sacrifice in Af-ghanistan. Garrett will be remembered for his bravery, his determination, and, it has been said, a big personality. He is survived by his parents, stepfather, and two younger brothers. Mr. Speaker, I think, again, we are seeing multiple examples of our brave, dedicated citizens in the United States giving the ultimate sacrifice. I feel strongly that we should pass this bill to commemorate Lance Corporal Gam-ble’s sacrifice for his country. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from North Carolina. I would also like to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , the ranking member, Mr. C
UMMINGS , and the entire committee for getting H.R. 4877 to the House floor this afternoon. This bill names a post office a few miles from my home after Lance Cor-poral Garrett Gamble, United States Marine Corps. Garrett died defending our freedom on March 11, 2010, in Af-ghanistan. He was 20 years young. Garrett died before I could meet him, but I will never forget him because of the stories I was told after God called him home. His mother, Chelle, told me about a 10-year-old boy who got very angry when he saw those towers fall, the plane crash into the Pentagon, and the plane go down in rural Pennsyl-vania on 9/11. He never wanted to see his homeland attacked like that again. The drive to join the Marine Corps had started, and that drive would never end. Garrett wanted to destroy evil. He knew that joining the Marine Corps was his calling when he saw al Qaeda’s evil firsthand. Garrett and some ma-rines were on a foot patrol in a small Afghan village. Garrett must have flashed that big smile because a young Afghan boy waved at Garrett. Garrett waved back and held up a small mint for the boy to have. The boy walked up slowly, took the mint, and ran to his father to show him what the American had given him. Gar-rett watched in horror as the dad beat the tar out of his son. He kicked him; he punched him; he knocked him sense-less. Garrett wanted to shoot, but he could not. He got back to base and asked the old-timers what the heck happened. Why did that boy get beat for this small mint? The old-timers told him, al Qaeda was watching. When we left, they may go to that man’s home and kill that man—the father, his boy, his mother, his sisters, his brothers. That was a plea from the father: Don’t kill my family. My boy did wrong by taking this small mint. Please leave us alone. Garrett knew he was no longer fight-ing for America; he was fighting for people all over the world who craved freedom. The final story says everything about Garrett. When he finally enlisted, he was a junior in high school—Austin High School, the Bulldogs. He told his best friend: I have done it. I have joined the Marine Corps. His best friend became irate. He never thought Garrett would do that. He never thought he would join the Marine Corps. He said: I can’t believe you joined the Marine Corps. You may get killed. I would never, ever join the Corps. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. OLSON. I thank my friend from North Carolina. Garrett, in an act of true human love, put his arms on his best friend’s shoulders, looked him square in the eye, and whispered: That is why I did it. That is why I did it. Garrett did not earn this honor by his death; he earned it by his life. Be-cause of this bill, Garrett’s love will be on permanent display at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, the Garrett W. Gamble Post Office. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4877. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4877. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PETTY OFFICER 1ST CLASS CALEB A. NELSON POST OFFICE BUILD-ING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4975) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ″Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H. R. 4975 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PETTY OFFICER 1ST CLASS CALEB A. NELSON POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4975, introduced by the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ). Petty Officer Nelson was a Navy SEAL who served a tour of duty in Iraq and, later, another tour in Afghani-stan. On his 2011 tour in Afghanistan, he was killed when his vehicle struck an explosive device. His friends and family remember him as a cherished teammate, a gifted SEAL operator, and a loving husband and father. Mr. Speaker, Petty Officer Nelson made a great sacrifice by giving his life in the service of his country. I urge Members to honor his sacrifice by nam-ing a post office in his honor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ), the sponsor of this bill. b1815 Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking member for helping us get this legislation through today. I also thank my fellow Nebraskans, Congressman F
ORTENBERRY and Congressman S MITH, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.076 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2927 May 23, 2016 
for their cosponsorship of this impor-tant legislation. Today I stand with a heavy heart and great pride to honor the life and legacy of Omaha native, Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson. On October 1, 2011, Petty Officer Nel-son gave his life in service to his coun-try when he was killed on a combat pa-trol by an explosive device that struck his vehicle in Zabul province, Afghani-stan. His selfless and courageous serv-ice to our country will never be forgot-ten. Though we cannot repay the ulti-mate sacrifice that Petty Officer Nel-son made while protecting our Nation, his legacy will now have a permanent physical memory through H.R. 4975. This legislation will designate the post office located a 5720 South 142nd Street, near my home in Omaha, Ne-braska, as the Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building. Our Nation is defended by men and women who sacrifice to keep us free, protect our liberty, and strengthen our country. We have lost many brave men and women who have left this country to protect our life, and I am proud and humbled to stand here before this House to honor the life and bravery of one of those men today. Petty Officer Nelson entered the Navy in the engineering career field and graduated from boot camp on Octo-ber 11, 2005. After graduating from Navy technical training, Petty Officer Nelson was accepted to attend Basic Underwater Demolition SEAL training. He graduated from SEAL training in November 2006. As a member of the elite team of Navy SEALs, Petty Officer Nelson con-tinued to serve his country as a sea-soned combat veteran, with a deploy-ment to Iraq in 2009, and a deployment to Afghanistan in March 2011. Petty Officer Nelson’s awards and decorations speak to his selfless her-oism. These awards include the Bronze Star with Valor, Purple Heart Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Serv-ice Medal, Sea Service Ribbon, NATO Service Medal, Expert Rifle Ribbon, and Expert Pistol Ribbon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. ASHFORD. To those who knew Petty Officer Nelson best—his parents, wife, and two sons—he will be remem-bered as a loving son, husband, and fa-ther. To his fellow Navy SEALs, he will be remembered as a cherished team-mate and a gifted SEAL operator. To this country, he will be remembered as an embodiment of the Navy’s motto: ‘‘Not for self, but for country.’’ Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the courage and the valor exhibited by Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb Nelson and honor the ulti-mate sacrifice he made. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4975. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4975. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LOUIS VAN IERSEL POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4761) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4761 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LOUIS VAN IERSEL POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, Cali-fornia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4761, introduced by Congress-woman J
UDYCHUof California. Louis Van Iersel’s story is an unbe-lievable one. Louis came to the United States from the Netherlands, and he served his new home with fervor. On his first day in the United States, he enlisted in the Army and soon after was deployed to Europe as part of World War I. He was awarded the Medal of Honor for saving hundreds of Ameri-cans’ lives during the war. At the start of World War II, Louis tried to enlist in the Army alongside his sons, but he was turned away be-cause of his age. So what did he do? He enlisted with the Marines instead. Through his life, Van Iersel truly want-ed to serve the United States, the country he adopted as his home. I urge Members to support the bill to name a post office in Van Iersel’s honor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sergeant Louis Van Iersel, a deco-rated veteran of both World Wars, by offering a bill to designate the U.S. Post Office in the city of Sierra Madre, California, the Louis Van Iersel Post Office. Sergeant Van Iersel was the true em-bodiment of an American hero. An im-migrant from the Netherlands, his acts of heroism began even before he sat foot on American soil. On his voyage to the United States in 1917, he assisted in the rescue of 27 shipwrecked British soldiers torpedoed by a German vessel. On the very day he arrived in the United States, Mr. Van Iersel reg-istered for the draft and enlisted in the Army. He didn’t speak a word of English, but he learned while working in the Army kitchen. He was eventu-ally assigned to the 2nd Infantry Divi-sion and was deployed to France at the end of World War I. It was in France that Mr. Van Iersel showed extraordinary heroism time and time again. He first gained notice when he and a comrade braved German gunfire to carry 17 soldiers to safety. He was then promoted to sergeant, when he led a small reconnaissance pa-trol and found enemy trenches. It was there that he was able to use his native language of German to infiltrate them and convince the officer in charge to surrender 60 German soldiers. From there, Mr. Van Iersel increased his efforts to gain information on Ger-man troop movements. In one particu-larly treacherous situation, Mr. Van Iersel braved heavy fire to swim across the icy Seine River. He overheard Ger-man soldiers discussing a heavy artil-lery barrage that would have wiped out the whole American battalion. With this critical information, he swam back across the river and re-ported his findings, enabling the Amer-ican troops to take cover before the at-tack began. Because of his actions, he saved 1,000 American lives. For all his efforts, he was awarded dozen of med-als, including two military medals, the French Croix de Guerre and the Amer-ican Medal of Honor. These are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.079 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2928 May 23, 2016 
highest honors that both countries can bestow. At the end of the World War I, Mr. Van Iersel moved to the city of Sierra Madre, California, in my district. He became a citizen, got married, and started a family. But then World War II broke out, and Mr. Van Iersel knew he could not sit idly by. He and his three sons all reported to the Army to enlist and to serve their country. But Mr. Van Iersel was turned away, be-cause the Army told him he was too old to serve. While he would not let this stop him, undeterred, Mr. Van Iersel talked his way into the Marine Corps. He served with the 3rd Marine Division in the Pa-cific, and safely returned home in 1945. Mr. Van Iersel passed away at the age of 93. But as a longtime resident of Sierra Madre, Mr. Van Iersel exempli-fied the American Dream, raising his family after he left military service, volunteering with his local Veterans of Foreign Wars chapter, and remaining an active member of the community. I encourage you to honor his extraor-dinary legacy and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4761. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize Louis Van Iersel’s unparalleled dedication to our country. I urge passage of H.R. 4761. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4761. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER (SEAL) LOUIS ‘‘LOU’’ J. LANGLAIS POST OFFICE BUILD-ING Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3218) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3218 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR MAS-TER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER (SEAL) LOUIS ‘‘LOU’’ J. LANGLAIS POST OF-FICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Special Warfare Oper-ator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Build-ing’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3218, introduced by Congress-woman L
OISCAPPS of California. Master Chief Lou Langlais served in the military for 25 years. He was in his final tour in Afghanistan when enemy fire shot down his helicopter, killing him and 29 other Americans. I will ask my colleague and the spon-sor of this bill, Congresswoman L
OIS C
APPS , to share the incredible story of Master Chief Langlais, but I first want to urge Members to support this bill and name a post office after Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais. Hear-ing his story of lifelong service is in-spiring, and I am hopeful that perma-nently naming the post office in the re-membrance of his sacrifice will serve to inspire generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ), the spon-sor of this bill. Mrs. CAPPS. I thank the gentle-woman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3218, which would des-ignate the United States Postal Serv-ice facility that is actually on State Street in Santa Barbara as the Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais Post Office Building. Lou was a soldier and beloved family man. He dedicated his life to pro-tecting our freedom and our country. This is an important bill not only for my community of Santa Barbara, but for the memory of a brave member of our armed services we lost way too soon. Naming the Santa Barbara post office in honor of Lou Langlais is a fit-ting tribute. Born in Quebec, Lou grew up on the central coast. He was an avid rock and mountain climber who spent much of his free time rock climbing some of California’s most renowned and chal-lenging locations, including Yosemite National Park and Joshua Tree Na-tional Park. After graduating from Santa Barbara High School, Lou joined the Navy in 1986. He spent 3 years on a warship be-fore being accepted into and grad-uating from SEAL training class 162 in February 1989. He was a member of the Navy Parachute Team, the Leap Frogs, and served in the Persian Gulf War with distinction and valor. Then in 2000, Lou joined the highly selective Naval Special Warfare Devel-opment Group, where he eventually rose to become a troop leader in the Navy SEALs’ elite Team Six before serving multiple tours in Afghanistan and Iraq. During his 25-year military career, Lou earned many personal and unit decorations, including five Bronze Stars with Valor, the Purple Heart, a Defense Meritorious Service Medal, three Navy and Marine Corps Achieve-ment Medals, and three Presidential Unit Citations, as well as several other campaign and unit decorations. It is also important to note that he is most remembered as a trusted friend, family member, and teammate for so many. On August 6, 2011, Master Chief Spe-cial Warfare Operator Langlais was one of 30 Americans killed in action when their helicopter was shot down in east-ern Afghanistan. At the time, he was serving what was supposed to be his very last deployment. He had plans to return home to his family and continue his service as a trainer in the Navy SEAL program. But alas, he made the ultimate sacrifice. b1830 Lou is survived by his wife, Anya, and their two sons, Gabe and Jake, who also have given so much for their coun-try. This bill honors them for their sac-rifice and perseverance in the face of tragedy. As our community and Nation still mourn, I am proud to have authored this legislation. The naming of the Santa Barbara post office after Master Chief Lou Langlais is a fitting tribute and a way for Santa Barbara to remem-ber and honor one of our own. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize the incredible achievements of Special Warfare Operator Chief Petty Officer Lou Langlais as well as the ultimate sacrifice he made for this country. I urge the passage of H.R. 3218. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.081 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2929 May 23, 2016 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3218, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘Spe-cial Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4889, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3998, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4167, de novo; H.R. 2589, de novo. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
KELSEY SMITH ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4889) to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require pro-viders of a covered service to provide call location information concerning the telecommunications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emer-gency situation involving risk of death or serious physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emer-gency services, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 229, nays 158, not voting 46, as follows: 
[Roll No. 229] YEAS—229 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Higgins Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NAYS—158 
Adams Amash Babin Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Butterfield Capps Capuano Cartwright Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Conaway Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DesJarlais Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Edwards Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fleming Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibson Gosar Grayson Hanna Harper Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Labrador LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rokita Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Smith (WA) Speier Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin NOT VOTING—46 
Allen Barton Bass Beatty Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cicilline Cole Collins (GA) Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Doggett Duckworth Ellison Engel Esty Fattah Fincher Gohmert Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Lewis Loudermilk Maloney, Carolyn Marchant Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Peters Rangel Rohrabacher Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Vargas Visclosky Waters, Maxine 
b1854 Mrs. CAPPS, Mr. BROOKS of Ala-bama, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Messrs. NEAL, GIBSON, PEARCE, HARPER, BUCHANAN, and HANNA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BURGESS, Ms. SEWELL of Ala-bama, Messrs. LoBIONDO, VEASEY, DEUTCH, and Ms. SLAUGHTER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL SPORTSMEN’S CAUCUS ANNUAL MEMBER SHOOT-OUT (Mr. WITTMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, re-cently, the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus held its annual Member Shoot- Out at Prince George’s County Trap and Skeet Center. This is a friendly competition between Republicans and Democrats where we get out there and we shoot trap, skeet, and sporting clays. I am pleased to announce that this year, Team Republican will retain the Shoot-Out trophy, with a winning score of 253–222. Our Congressional Sportsmen’s Cau-cus is a bipartisan caucus made up of Members of the Republican and Demo-cratic Parties that all come together to support our Nation’s great shooting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.084 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2930 May 23, 2016 
sports heritage, fishing and rec-reational shooting heritage, as well as all of us that love to hunt. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). He is the co-chair of the caucus and win-ner of the Democratic Top Gun award. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my co-chair of the Congres-sional Sportsmen’s Caucus, the gen-tleman from Virginia, and congratu-late the Republican team for a strong showing this year. You certainly raised the bar for next year. This event highlights that, in the largest bipartisan caucus in Congress, we collaboratively work together to protect this Nation’s hunting, fishing, and outdoor heritage. I am proud of the Members who come out there. They give to the great cause of this, and we continue that heritage. So again, I congratulate the Repub-licans for some fine shooting. I look forward to next year and the work we do together. 
f 
SECURING ACCESS TO NETWORKS IN DISASTERS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). Without objection, 5-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3998) to direct the Federal Communications Commission to com-mence proceedings related to the resil-iency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 2, not voting 42, as follows: 
[Roll No. 230] YEAS—389 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—2 
Massie McClintock 
NOT VOTING—42 
Allen Barton Bass Beatty Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Castro (TX) Cicilline Cole Collins (GA) Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Doggett Duckworth Engel Esty Fattah Fincher Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Lewis Loudermilk Maloney, Carolyn Meeks Miller (MI) O’Rourke Peters Rangel Rohrabacher Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sires Takai Vargas Visclosky Waters, Maxine 
b1904 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to con-duct a study on network resiliency dur-ing times of emergency, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: 1. H.R. 4889, Kelsey Smith Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 2. H.R. 3998, Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
f 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 4167) to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require multi- line telephone systems to have a de-fault configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 with-out dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to di-rectly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, pre-fix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.087 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2931 May 23, 2016 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TIMELY AVAILABILITY OF ITEMS ADOPTED BY VOTE OF THE FED-ERAL COMMUNICATIONS COM-MISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 2589) to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website the text of any item that is adopted by vote of the Commission not later than 24 hours after receipt of dissenting statements from all Commissioners wishing to submit such a statement with respect to such item.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on additional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER JESSE DEAN VA CLINIC Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3969) to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Of-ficer Jesse Dean Department of Vet-erans Affairs Community-Based Out-patient Clinic’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3969 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MASTER CHIEF PETTY OFFICER JESSE DEAN VA CLINIC. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the commu-nity-based outpatient clinic referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) and the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. B
ROWN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill is sponsored by Congress-man J
OEHECK from Nevada, and I thank him for introducing this piece of legislation. Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean was born on August 11, 1947, and enlisted in the United States Navy when he was just 17 years old. Through-out his time in the Navy, Master Chief Petty Officer Dean served on numerous ships and on several overseas assign-ments and earned several awards and commendations. Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean served our Nation both in and out of uniform. He served his fellow vet-erans and neighbors in Nevada. It is en-tirely fitting that with the passage of H.R. 3969, as amended, we name the VA community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, the Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs Community-Based Outpatient Clinic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3969, as amended, which would des-ignate the Department of Veterans Af-fairs community-based outpatient clin-ic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Community- Based Outpatient Clinic. Master Chief Petty Officer Dean, who passed away in 2014, was a highly deco-rated Vietnam veteran who served 27 years in the Navy before retiring in 1992. He settled in Laughlin and joined the American Legion where he was re-vered by fellow members for his selfless service and dedication. By all accounts, Master Chief Petty Officer Dean was an exemplary sailor and beloved citizen, husband, and father. I understand that when Congressman H
ECK asked his constituents to rec-ommend a veteran to name this clinic after, Officer Dean was the only name mentioned. Mr. Speaker, Master Chief Petty Offi-cer Dean’s dedication to duty, his com-munity, and his country reflected great credit upon himself and was in keeping with the finest ideals of service, self-lessness, and giving, making him the ideal namesake for the new veterans clinic in Laughlin, Nevada. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK of Nevada. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to urge the House to adopt H.R. 3969, legislation I introduced to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, in honor of Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean. On February 19, 2015, I helped cut the ribbon at the grand opening of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada. Shortly after the clinic was completed, members of the American Legion Richard Springston Post 60 in Laughlin came to me with an idea that the clinic should be named for a prominent Laughlin veteran. As we started the search, one name stood out amongst the rest: Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean. From the time he was a boy, Jesse Dean only wanted to do one thing— serve his country as a member of the United States military. In 1965, at the age of 17, he enlisted in the Navy. Jesse would go on to serve 27 years, achiev-ing the highest grade for an enlisted sailor, that of master chief petty offi-cer. His first sea duty assignment was aboard the aircraft carrier USS Hornet, and during Vietnam he served as part of the brown-water navy. Over his 27- year career, Jesse earned numerous awards and commendations, including three Navy Commendation Medals, two Navy Achievement Medals, a Combat Action Ribbon, a Vietnam Service Medal, and an Overseas Service Ribbon. Upon his retirement from the Navy in 1992, Jesse moved to Laughlin and promptly joined American Legion Post 60. As a member of the Legion, Jesse was revered by fellow members for his selfless service and dedication to the Post and his fellow veterans. He did the majority of the maintenance work on the Post. He drove fellow veterans to medical appointments and to the store. He even donated a trailer that he owned to be used as a shelter for home-less veterans. Jesse did all of these things and more for the Post and his fellow veterans, but he never accepted compensation for his tireless work. Mr. Speaker, I did not have the privi-lege of knowing Master Chief Jesse Dean, but it is clear from speaking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.089 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2932 May 23, 2016 
with community members and veterans in Laughlin that naming the new VA clinic in his honor is a fitting tribute. The master chief was called to his final duty station in 2014. Today we have a chance to repay him with a re-sounding Bravo Zulu for his years of dedication to Laughlin American Le-gion Post 60, to the veteran community of Laughlin, and to the United States Navy by naming the new VA health clinic in his honor. I thank all of the members of the Ne-vada Congressional Delegation for backing this building naming as well as to thank the members of the American Legion Richard Springston Post 60 in Laughlin for working with us on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3969 to name the Department of Vet-erans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, in honor of Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As we enter into the Memorial Day celebration, I want to point out that, like Master Chief Petty Officer Dean and many Vietnam veterans, when they returned, this country did not re-ceive them as we should have and thank them for their service. Of the 22 veterans who commit sui-cide every day, only 3 of them are part of the VA system. I would like for all of us to reach out to the Vietnam vet-erans and to first thank them all for their service and then for all of us to soldier up and man up and to let them know we love them, that we appreciate them, and that we appreciate their service. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3969, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill satisfies the committee’s naming criteria, and, as Dr. H
ECKsaid, it is supported by the entire Nevada Congressional Delegation as well as by veterans service organizations, includ-ing the American Legion and the VFW. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this great bill. I would ap-preciate it very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3969, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the De-partment of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
EUGENE J. M CCARTHY POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4425) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eu-gene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4425 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EUGENE J. MCCARTHY POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Min-nesota, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4425, which was introduced by Congressman T
OM E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 4425 des-ignates the post office located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office. Former Senator Eugene McCarthy dedicated much of his life to service. Senator McCarthy served his faith through his work at St. Thomas Col-lege, and he served his country as a code breaker for the Army in the War Department. After leaving the Army, he continued to serve in the public sector as a Rep-resentative in the House and then in the Senate for the Democratic-Farmer- Labor Party. Near the end of his life, Senator McCarthy had a post office named after him in Twin Cities, Min-nesota. That post office has since been closed. We will soon hear more about Sen-ator McCarthy from my colleague, Congressman T
OMEMMER , the bill’s sponsor. For now, I urge Members to support this bill to rename a post office in remembrance of Eugene J. McCar-thy. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to join my colleagues in the consideration of H.R. 4425, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office. Mr. McCarthy had many successes. He served as a politician. He served in the military. He taught and was an ed-ucator. He was one of our colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives and later in the Senate. Ultimately, he entered the Presi-dential race to become President of the United States. Although he did not win that nomination, I feel strongly in urg-ing the passage of H.R. 4425. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I thank Eugene McCarthy’s daughter, Ellen, and St. John’s Univer-sity president Dr. Michael Hemesath and Dr. Matthew Lindstrom from the Eugene J. McCarthy Center for Public Policy & Civic Engagement at the Col-lege of Saint Benedict and St. John’s University for their help in making this dedication possible. The staff and students of this center provide valuable events, lectures, and discussions that engage the entire community sur-rounding Collegeville, Minnesota. I rise today to honor Senator Eugene McCarthy, a man who is remembered for shaking up the D.C. establishment and for being a driving force behind the level of civic engagement Minnesota has today. In the year which would have been his 100th birthday, I am proud to have the full Minnesota delegation’s support for dedicating the post office at St. John’s University—the college where McCarthy grew up, studied, and taught—after this great public servant. If recent years in politics have taught us anything, it is that the American people are tired of the status quo. They value independent thinking and honest, plain-spoken leaders. Eu-gene McCarthy was a patriotic Amer-ican who valued his faith and his coun-try, but who was not afraid to speak out when he believed our Nation was headed down the wrong path. He left his Benedictine studies to serve his country in World War II as a code breaker in the Military Intel-ligence Division of the War Depart-ment. Serving in the Army gave McCarthy a firsthand perspective on the level of dedication and sacrifice our Nation’s servicemembers give in fur-therance of a just cause. McCarthy is best known for effec-tively ending the political career of his party’s presumptive Presidential nomi-nee. As the country tired of watching 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.091 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2933 May 23, 2016 
their sons die in Vietnam without there being a winning strategy, McCar-thy challenged Lyndon Johnson for the Presidential nomination in 1968. In a party that struggled to justify its failed foreign policies, McCarthy garnered a substantial percentage of the New Hampshire primary, causing a severe blow to then-President John-son’s prospects as well as opening a door for Robert Kennedy, a young Sen-ator from New York, to challenge the sitting President. Johnson ended his campaign within the same month. Although Nixon won the election, McCarthy had done the groundwork to inject public opinion into the national election process. Eugene McCarthy re-vived the idea that those who were truly committed to self-government could participate and impact the proc-ess to correct injustice and improve citizens’ lives in Minnesota and around the country. McCarthy served as a Representative and Senator from our great State from 1949 to 1971. When McCarthy left the Senate, he returned to his life as a re-luctant Minnesota leader, prolific poet, and educator. He authored over 20 books on public policy, political the-ory, and economics, including memo-ries from growing up in Minnesota. McCarthy continued to strongly in-fluence Minnesota’s politics; yet, he never clung to a party line. McCarthy was publicly critical of Jimmy Carter, and he supported Reagan’s Strategic Defense Initiative. Eugene McCarthy’s father, a post-master himself and a proud Repub-lican, once said: Gene is a good boy, but he’s in the wrong party. In Minnesota, we pride ourselves on being able to disagree without nec-essarily being disagreeable. We pride ourselves on working together from different perspectives, politically and otherwise, toward common goals. Per-sonally, I don’t like the term ‘‘bipar-tisan,’’ but not for the reason you may think. You see, I think the instant we refer to something as ‘‘bipartisan’’ we imme-diately make an issue about our dif-ferent points of view instead of about the fact that we all want, essentially, the same things. For instance, we all want clean air, clean water, good schools, good jobs, safe communities, and a better life for our children than we have enjoyed. The list goes on and on. Again, for the most part, we all want the same things. Sometimes we just have different perspectives on how to best achieve the things we all want. Senator McCarthy was not afraid to do the right thing for the right reason even if that meant working with some-one who did not have the same polit-ical affiliation or religious views. In my book, that is not just called independence. That is called leader-ship. Naming a post office after Eugene McCarthy is a worthy dedication for a man who shook the foundation of the political establishment at a national level. I thank Chairman C HAFFETZ and the committee for their work to officially honor this great Minnesotan, Eugene McCarthy. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Today we have named post offices after some great individuals—public servants, members of our military, politicians, community leaders—and we have done it in the name of respect-ing their legacies and in honoring them so that their families are honored as well. I just want to go through the names again: Ross McGinnis, Adam Brown, Roger Fussell, Gregory Barney, Gar-rett Gamble, Caleb Nelson, William Lacey, Louis Van Iersel, Louis Langlais, and Eugene McCarthy. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4425 and say, as it has been said earlier, that post offices are gathering places in our communities. I gave 30 years of service to the United States Postal Service at various levels of serv-ice. I know that the Postal Service is a place at which people trust their mail will be handled, for the commerce of our country rests in those post offices, and in small rural communities, it is the community center. Today we have done a great thing, and we have done it bipartisanly. I hear that word, and I sigh a breath of relief in knowing that this body—the Members of Congress—can come to-gether. We have come together to rec-ognize people not because of their par-ties, but because they are Americans and they have served this great coun-try. I yield back the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished Congresswoman L
AW-
RENCE for her service, for her time, and for her work this evening. I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4425. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4465) to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real prop-erty, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4465 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .— Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purposes. Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Board. Sec. 5. Board meetings. Sec. 6. Compensation and travel expenses. Sec. 7. Executive Director. Sec. 8. Staff. Sec. 9. Contracting authority. Sec. 10. Termination. Sec. 11. Development of recommendations to Board. Sec. 12. Board duties. Sec. 13. Review by OMB. Sec. 14. Implementation of Board rec-ommendations. Sec. 15. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 16. Funding. Sec. 17. Congressional approval of proposed projects. Sec. 18. Preclusion of judicial review. Sec. 19. Implementation review by GAO. Sec. 20. Agency retention of proceeds. Sec. 21. Federal real property database. Sec. 22. Streamlining McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act. Sec. 23. Additional property. Sec. 24. Sale of 12th and Independence. Sec. 25. Sale of Cotton Annex. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purpose of this Act is to reduce the costs of Federal real estate by— (1) consolidating the footprint of Federal buildings and facilities; (2) maximizing the utilization rate of Fed-eral buildings and facilities; (3) reducing the reliance on leased space; (4) selling or redeveloping high value as-sets that are underutilized to obtain the highest and best value for the taxpayer and maximize the return to the taxpayer; (5) reducing the operating and mainte-nance costs of Federal civilian real prop-erties; (6) reducing redundancy, overlap, and costs associated with field offices; (7) creating incentives for Federal agencies to achieve greater efficiency in their inven-tories of civilian real property; (8) facilitating and expediting the sale or disposal of unneeded Federal civilian real properties; (9) improving the efficiency of real prop-erty transfers for the provision of services to the homeless; and (10) assisting Federal agencies in achieving the Government’s sustainability goals by re-ducing excess space, inventory, and energy consumption, as well as by leveraging new technologies. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, unless otherwise expressly stated, the following definitions apply: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Public Buildings Reform Board established by section 4. (3) CERCLA.—The term ‘‘CERCLA’’ means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). (4) F
EDERAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal agency’’ means an executive department or independent establishment in the executive branch of the Government, and a wholly owned Government corporation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.093 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2934 May 23, 2016 
(5) F EDERAL CIVILIAN REAL PROPERTY AND  
CIVILIAN REAL PROPERTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The terms ‘‘Federal civil-ian real property’’ and ‘‘civilian real prop-erty’’ refer to Federal real property assets, including public buildings as defined in sec-tion 3301(a) of title 40, United States Code, occupied and improved grounds, leased space, or other physical structures under the custody and control of any Federal agency. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not be construed as including any of the fol-lowing types of property: (i) Properties that are on military installa-tions (including any fort, camp, post, naval training station, airfield proving ground, military supply depot, military school, or any similar facility of the Department of De-fense). (ii) A base, camp, post, station, yard, cen-ter, or homeport facility for any ship or ac-tivity under the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard. (iii) Properties that are excluded for rea-sons of national security by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (iv) Properties that are excepted from the definition of the term ‘‘property’’ under sec-tion 102 of title 40, United States Code. (v) Indian and Native Alaskan properties, including— (I) any property within the limits of an In-dian reservation to which the United States owns title for the benefit of an Indian tribe; and (II) any property title that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of an In-dian tribe or individual or held by an Indian tribe or individual subject to restriction by the United States against alienation. (vi) Properties operated and maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority pursuant to the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 (16 U.S.C. 831 et seq.). (vii) Postal properties owned by the United States Postal Service. (viii) Properties used in connection with Federal programs for agricultural, rec-reational, or conservation purposes, includ-ing research in connection with the pro-grams. (ix) Properties used in connection with river, harbor, flood control, reclamation, or power projects. (x) Properties located outside the United States operated or maintained by the De-partment of State or the United States Agency for International Development. (6) F
IELD OFFICE .—The term ‘‘field office’’ means any Federal office that is not the headquarters office location for the Federal agency. (7) HUD.—The term ‘‘HUD’’ means the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. (8) OMB.—The term ‘‘OMB’’ means the Of-fice of Management and Budget. (9) V
ALUE OF TRANSACTIONS .—The term ‘‘value of transactions’’ means the sum of the estimated proceeds and estimated costs, based on the accounting system developed or identified under section 12(e), associated with the transactions included in Board rec-ommendations. 
SEC. 4. BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an independent board to be known as the Public Buildings Reform Board. (b) D
UTIES .—The Board shall carry out the duties as specified in this Act. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-posed of a Chairperson appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, and 6 members appointed by the President. (2) APPOINTMENTS .—In selecting individ-uals for appointments to the Board, the President shall consult with— (A) the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives concerning the appointment of 2 mem-bers; (B) the majority leader of the Senate con-cerning the appointment of 2 members; (C) the minority leader of the House of Representatives concerning the appointment of 1 member; and (D) the minority leader of the Senate con-cerning the appointment of 1 member. (3) T
ERMS .—The term for each member of the Board shall be 6 years. (4) V
ACANCIES .—Vacancies shall be filled in the same manner as the original appoint-ment. (5) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In selecting individ-uals for appointment to the Board, the Presi-dent shall ensure that the Board contains in-dividuals with expertise representative of the following: (A) Commercial real estate and redevelop-ment. (B) Space optimization and utilization. (C) Community development, including transportation and planning. 
SEC. 5. BOARD MEETINGS. 
(a) O PENMEETINGS .—Each meeting of the Board, other than meetings in which classi-fied information is to be discussed, shall be open to the public. Any open meeting shall be announced in the Federal Register and the Federal Web site established by the Board at least 14 calendar days in advance of a meeting. For all public meetings, the Board shall release an agenda and a listing of materials relevant to the topics to be dis-cussed. (b) Q
UORUM AND MEETINGS .—Five Board members shall constitute a quorum for the purposes of conducting business and 3 or more Board members shall constitute a meeting of the Board. (c) T
RANSPARENCY OF INFORMATION .—All the proceedings, information, and delibera-tions of the Board shall be open, upon re-quest, to the Chairperson and ranking mi-nority party member, and their respective subcommittee Chairperson and sub-committee ranking minority party member, of— (1) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; (2) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; (3) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; and (5) the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (d) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE .— All proceedings, information, and delibera-tions of the Board shall be open, upon re-quest, to the Comptroller General of the United States. 
SEC. 6. COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .— (1) R
ATE OF PAY FOR MEMBERS .—Each mem-ber, other than the Chairperson, shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Board. (2) R
ATE OF PAY FOR CHAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson shall be paid for each day re-ferred to in paragraph (1) at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. (b) TRAVEL .—Members shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of sub-sistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 7. EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT .—The Board shall appoint an Executive Director, who may be ap-pointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service. (b) R
ATE OF PAY.—The Executive Director shall be paid at the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 8. STAFF. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PERSONNEL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Executive Director may request additional personnel detailed from Federal agencies. (b) R
EQUESTS FOR DETAIL EMPLOYEES .— Upon request of the Executive Director and approval of the Board and the Director of OMB, the head of any Federal agency shall detail the requested personnel of that agency to the Board to assist the Board in carrying out its duties under this Act. (c) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Appointments shall be made with consideration of a balance of expertise consistent with the qualifications of representatives described in section 4(c)(5). 
SEC. 9. CONTRACTING AUTHORITY. 
(a) E XPERTS AND CONSULTANTS .—The Board, to the extent practicable and subject to appropriations Acts, shall use contracts, including nonappropriated contracts, entered into by the Administrator for services nec-essary to carry out the duties of the Board. (b) O
FFICE SPACE .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Board, shall identify and provide, without charge, suitable office space within the existing Federal space in-ventory to house the operations of the Board. (c) P
ERSONAL PROPERTY .—The Board shall use personal property already in the custody and control of the Administrator. 
SEC. 10. TERMINATION. 
The Board shall cease operations and ter-minate 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11. DEVELOPMENT OF RECOMMENDATIONS TO BOARD. 
(a) S UBMISSIONS OF AGENCY INFORMATION  
AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and not later than 120 days after the first day of each fiscal year thereafter until the termination of the Board, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Adminis-trator and the Director of OMB the fol-lowing: (1) C
URRENT DATA .—Current data of all Federal civilian real properties owned, leased, or controlled by the agency, includ-ing all relevant information prescribed by the Administrator and the Director of OMB, including data related to the age and condi-tion of the property, operating costs, history of capital expenditures, sustainability metrics, number of Federal employees and functions housed in the respective property, and square footage (including gross, rent-able, and usable). (2) A
GENCY RECOMMENDATIONS .—Rec- ommendations of the agency on the fol-lowing: (A) Federal civilian real properties that can be sold for proceeds or otherwise dis-posed of, reported as excess, declared sur-plus, outleased, or otherwise no longer meet-ing the needs of the agency, excluding lease-backs or other such exchange agreements where the property continues to be used by the agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.042 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2935 May 23, 2016 
(B) Federal civilian real properties that can be transferred, exchanged, consolidated, co-located, reconfigured, or redeveloped, so as to reduce the civilian real property inven-tory, reduce the operating costs of the Gov-ernment, and create the highest value and return for the taxpayer. (C) Operational efficiencies that the Gov-ernment can realize in its operation and maintenance of Federal civilian real prop-erties. (b) S
TANDARDS AND CRITERIA .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OF STANDARDS AND CRI -
TERIA .—Not later than 60 days after the deadline for submissions of agency rec-ommendations under subsection (a), the Di-rector of OMB, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, shall— (A) review the agency recommendations; (B) develop consistent standards and cri-teria against which the agency recommenda-tions will be reviewed; and (C) submit to the Board the recommenda-tions developed pursuant to paragraph (2). (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO BOARD .—The Di- rector of OMB and the Administrator shall jointly develop recommendations to the Board based on the standards and criteria de-veloped under paragraph (1). (3) F
ACTORS .—In developing the standards and criteria under paragraph (1), the Direc-tor of OMB, in consultation with the Admin-istrator, shall incorporate the following fac-tors: (A) The extent to which the civilian real property could be sold (including property that is no longer meeting the needs of the Government), redeveloped, outleased, or oth-erwise used to produce the highest and best value and return for the taxpayer. (B) The extent to which the operating and maintenance costs are reduced through con-solidating, co-locating, and reconfiguring space, and through realizing other oper-ational efficiencies. (C) The extent to which the utilization rate is being maximized and is consistent with non-governmental industry standards for the given function or operation. (D) The extent and timing of potential costs and savings, including the number of years, beginning with the date of completion of the proposed recommendation. (E) The extent to which reliance on leasing for long-term space needs is reduced. (F) The extent to which a civilian real property aligns with the current mission of the Federal agency. (G) The extent to which there are opportu-nities to consolidate similar operations across multiple agencies or within agencies. (H) The economic impact on existing com-munities in the vicinity of the civilian real property. (I) The extent to which energy consump-tion is reduced. (J) The extent to which public access to agency services is maintained or enhanced. (c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR UTILIZATION RATES .— Standards developed by the Director of OMB pursuant to subsection (b) shall incorporate and apply clear standard utilization rates to the extent that such standard rates increase efficiency and provide performance data. The utilization rates shall be consistent through-out each applicable category of space and with nongovernment space utilization rates. To the extent the space utilization rate of a given agency exceeds the utilization rates to be applied under this subsection, the Direc-tor of OMB may recommend realignment, co- location, consolidation, or other type of ac-tion to improve space utilization. (d) S
UBMISSION TO BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of OMB shall submit the standards, criteria, and rec-ommendations developed pursuant to sub-section (b) to the Board with all supporting information, data, analyses, and documenta-tion. (2) PUBLICATION .—The standards, criteria, and recommendations developed pursuant to subsection (b) shall be published in the Fed-eral Register and transmitted to the com-mittees listed in section 5(c) and to the Comptroller General of the United States. (3) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Board shall also have access to all information per-taining to the recommendations developed pursuant to subsection (b), including sup-porting information, data, analyses, and doc-umentation submitted pursuant to sub-section (a). Upon request, a Federal agency shall provide to the Board any additional in-formation pertaining to the civilian real properties under the custody, control, or ad-ministrative jurisdiction of the Federal agency. The Board shall notify the commit-tees listed in section 5(c) of any failure by an agency to comply with a request of the Board. 
SEC. 12. BOARD DUTIES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF PROPERTY REDUCTION  O
PPORTUNITIES .—The Board shall identify opportunities for the Government to reduce significantly its inventory of civilian real property and reduce costs to the Govern-ment. (b) I
DENTIFICATION OF HIGH VALUE AS-
SETS.— (1) I
DENTIFICATION OF CERTAIN PROP -
ERTIES .—Not later than 180 days after Board members are appointed pursuant to section 4, the Board shall— (A) identify not fewer than 5 Federal civil-ian real properties that are not on the list of surplus or excess as of such date with a total fair market value of not less than $500,000,000 and not more than $750,000,000; and (B) transmit the list of the Federal civilian real properties to the Director of OMB and Congress as Board recommendations and subject to the approval process described in section 13. (2) I
NFORMATION AND DATA .—In order to meet the goal established under paragraph (1), each Federal agency shall provide, upon request, any and all information and data re-garding its civilian real properties to the Board. The Board shall notify the commit-tees listed in section 5(c) of any failure by an agency to comply with a request of the Board. (3) F
ACTORS .—In identifying properties pur-suant to paragraph (1), the Board shall con-sider the factors listed in section 11(b)(3). (4) L
EASEBACK RESTRICTIONS .—None of the existing improvements on properties sold under this subsection may be leased back to the Government. (5) R
EPORT OF EXCESS .—Not later than 60 days after the approval of Board rec-ommendations pursuant to paragraph (1), Federal agencies with custody, control, or administrative jurisdiction over the identi-fied properties shall submit a Report of Ex-cess to the General Services Administration. (6) S
ALE.— (A) I
NITIATION OF SALE .—Not later than 120 days after the acceptance by the Adminis-trator of the Report of Excess and notwith-standing any other provision of law (includ-ing section 501 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411), but except as provided in section 14(g)), the General Services Administration shall ini-tiate the sale of the civilian real properties described in paragraph (1). (B) C
OMPLETION OF SALE .—Not later than 1 year after the acceptance of the Report of Excess, the Administrator shall sell the ci-vilian real properties at fair market value at highest and best use, unless the Director of OMB determines it is in the financial inter-est of the Government to execute a sale more than a year after the acceptance of the Re-port of Excess, but not greater than two years after the acceptance of the Report of Excess. (c) ANALYSIS OF INVENTORY .—The Board shall perform an independent analysis of the inventory of Federal civilian real property and the recommendations submitted pursu-ant to section 11. The Board shall not be bound or limited by the recommendations submitted pursuant to section 11. If, in the opinion of the Board, an agency fails to pro-vide needed information, data, or adequate recommendations that meet the standards and criteria, the Board shall develop such recommendations as the Board considers ap-propriate based on existing data contained in the Federal Real Property Profile or other relevant information. (d) I
NFORMATION AND PROPOSALS .— (1) R
ECEIPT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Board may receive and consider proposals, information, and other data submitted by State and local officials and the private sector. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Board shall con-sult with State and local officials on infor-mation, proposals, and other data that the officials submit to the Board. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—Information submitted to the Board shall be made publicly avail-able. (e) A
CCOUNTING SYSTEM .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall identify or develop and implement a system of accounting to be used to independently evaluate the costs of and returns on the recommendations. Such ac-counting system shall be applied in devel-oping the Board’s recommendations and de-termining the highest return to the tax-payer. In applying the accounting system, the Board shall set a standard performance period of not less than 15 years. (f) P
UBLIC HEARING .—The Board shall con-duct public hearings. All testimony before the Board at a public hearing under this sub-section shall be presented under oath. (g) R
EPORTING OF INFORMATION AND REC-
OMMENDATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the schedule and limitations specified in paragraph (2), the Board shall transmit to the Director of OMB, and publicly post on a Federal Web site maintained by the Board, reports con-taining the Board’s findings, conclusions, and recommendations for— (A) the consolidation, exchange, co-loca-tion, reconfiguration, lease reductions, sale, outlease, and redevelopment of Federal civil-ian real properties; and (B) other operational efficiencies that can be realized in the Government’s operation and maintenance of such properties. (2) S
CHEDULE AND LIMITATIONS .— (A) F
IRST ROUND .—Not later than 2 years after the date of transmittal of the list of properties recommended pursuant to sub-section (b), the Board shall transmit to the Director of OMB the first report required under paragraph (1). The total value of trans-actions contained in the first report may not exceed $2,500,000,000. (B) S
ECOND ROUND .—Not earlier than 3 years after the date of transmittal of the first report, the Board shall transmit to the Director of OMB the second report required under paragraph (1). The total value of trans-actions contained in the second report may not exceed $4,750,000,000. (3) C
ONSENSUS IN MAJORITY .—The Board shall seek to develop consensus rec-ommendations, but if a consensus cannot be obtained, the Board may include in the re-ports required under this subsection rec-ommendations that are supported by a ma-jority of the Board. (h) F
EDERAL WEBSITE.—The Board shall establish and maintain a Federal Web site 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.042 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2936 May 23, 2016 
for the purposes of making relevant informa-tion publicly available. (i) R
EVIEW BY GAO.—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall transmit to Congress and the Board a report containing a detailed analysis of the recommendations and selection process. 
SEC. 13. REVIEW BY OMB. 
(a) R EVIEW OF RECOMMENDATIONS .—Upon receipt of the Board’s recommendations pur-suant to subsections (b) and (g) of section 12, the Director of OMB shall conduct a review of the recommendations. (b) R
EPORT TO BOARD AND CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the receipt of the Board’s recommendations, the Director of OMB shall transmit to the Board and Con-gress a report that sets forth the Director of OMB’s approval or disapproval of the Board’s recommendations. (c) A
PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL .— (1) A
PPROVAL .—If the Director of OMB ap-proves the Board’s recommendations, the Di-rector of OMB shall transmit a copy of the recommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (2) D
ISAPPROVAL .—If the Director of OMB disapproves the Board’s recommendations, in whole or in part, the Director of OMB shall transmit a copy of the recommendations to Congress and the reasons for disapproval of the recommendations to the Board and Con-gress. (3) R
EVISED RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the receipt of reasons for disapproval under paragraph (2), the Board shall transmit to the Director of OMB re-vised recommendations for approval. (4) A
PPROVAL OF REVISED RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—If the Director of OMB approves the revised recommendations received under paragraph (3), the Director of OMB shall transmit a copy of the revised recommenda-tions to Congress, together with a certifi-cation of such approval. (d) T
ERMINATION OF PROCESS FOR GIVEN R
OUND .—If the Director of OMB does not transmit to Congress an approval and certifi-cation described in paragraph (1) or (4) of subsection (c) on or before the 30th day fol-lowing the receipt of the Board’s rec-ommendations or revised recommendations, as the case may be, the process shall termi-nate until the following round, as described in section 12. 
SEC. 14. IMPLEMENTATION OF BOARD REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) D EADLINES .— (1) P
REPARATION .—Federal agencies shall— (A) not later than 60 days after the Direc-tor of OMB transmits the Board’s rec-ommendations to Congress pursuant to para-graph (1) or (4) of section 13(c), immediately begin preparations to carry out the Board’s recommendations; and (B) not later than 2 years after such trans-mittal, initiate all activities necessary to carry out the Board’s recommendations. (2) C
OMPLETION .—Not later than 6 years after the Director of OMB transmits the Board’s recommendations to Congress pursu-ant to paragraph (1) or (4) of section 13(c), Federal agencies shall complete all rec-ommended actions. All actions shall be eco-nomically beneficial, cost neutral, or other-wise favorable to the Government. (3) E
XTENUATING CIRCUMSTANCES .—For ac- tions that will take longer than the 6-year period described in paragraph (2) due to ex-tenuating circumstances, Federal agencies shall notify the Director of OMB and Con-gress, as soon as the extenuating cir-cumstance presents itself, with an estimated time to complete the relevant action. (b) A
CTIONS OF FEDERAL AGENCIES RELATED  
TOCIVILIAN REALPROPERTIES .—In taking ac-tions related to any civilian real property under this Act, Federal agencies may take, pursuant to subsection (c), all such nec-essary and proper actions, including— (1) acquiring land, constructing replace-ment facilities, performing such other ac-tivities, and conducting advance planning and design as may be required to transfer functions from a Federal asset or property to another Federal civilian property; (2) reimbursing other Federal agencies for actions performed at the request of the Board; and (3) taking such actions as are practicable to maximize the value of Federal civilian real property to be sold by clarifying zoning and other limitations on use of such prop-erty. (c) ACTIONS OF FEDERAL AGENCIES TOIM-
PLEMENT BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS .— (1) U
SE OF EXISTING LEGAL AUTHORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), when acting on a rec-ommendation of the Board, a Federal agency shall— (i) in consultation with the Administrator, continue to act within the Federal agency’s existing legal authorities, including legal au-thorities delegated to the Federal agency by the Administrator; or (ii) work in partnership with the Adminis-trator to carry out such actions. (B) N
ECESSARY AND PROPER ACTIONS .—The Administrator may take such necessary and proper actions, including the sale, convey-ance, or exchange of civilian real property, as required to implement the Board’s rec-ommendations in the time period required under subsection (a). (2) E
XPERTS .—A Federal agency may enter into no cost, nonappropriated contracts for expert commercial real estate services to carry out the Federal agency’s responsibil-ities pursuant to the recommendations. (d) D
ISCRETION OF ADMINISTRATOR REGARD -
ING TRANSACTIONS .—For any transaction identified, recommended, or commenced as a result of this Act, any otherwise required legal priority given to, or requirement to enter into, a transaction to convey a Federal civilian real property for less than fair mar-ket value, for no consideration at all, or in a transaction that mandates the exclusion of other market participants, shall be at the discretion of the Administrator. (e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Any recommendation or commencement of a sale, disposal, consolidation, reconfiguration, co- location, or realignment of civilian real property under this Act shall not be subject to— (1) section 545(b)(8) of title 40, United States Code; (2) sections 550, 553, and 554 of title 40, United States Code; (3) any section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act Authorizing the transfer of certain real prop-erty for wildlife, or other purposes’’ (16 U.S.C. 667b); (4) section 47151 of title 49, United States Code; (5) sections 107 and 317 of title 23, United States Code; (6) section 1304(b) of title 40, United States Code; (7) section 13(d) of the Surplus Property Act of 1944 (50 U.S.C. App. 1622(d)); (8) any other provision of law authorizing the conveyance of real property owned by the Government for no consideration; and (9) any congressional notification require-ment other than that in section 545 of title 40, United States Code. (f) P
UBLIC BENEFIT .— (1) S
UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO HUD .— The Director of OMB shall submit to the Secretary of HUD, on the same day the Di-rector of OMB submits the Board’s rec-ommendations to Congress pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (4) of section 13(c), all known information on Federal civilian real prop-erties that are included in the recommenda-tions (except those recommended under sec-tion 12(b)). (2) HUD TO REPORT TO BOARD .—Not later than 30 days after the submission of informa-tion on Federal properties under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall identify any suitable civilian real properties for use as a property benefiting the mission of assistance to the homeless for the purposes of further screen-ing pursuant to section 501 of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411). (3) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—Following the review under paragraph (2), with respect to a civilian real property that is not identified by the Secretary as suitable for use as a property benefiting the mission of assistance to the homeless and that has been rec-ommended for sale by the Board, the Direc-tor of OMB may exclude the property from the Board’s recommendations if the Director determines that the property is suitable for use as a public park or recreation area by a State or local government and it is in the best interest of taxpayers. (g) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONSIDERATIONS .— (1) T
RANSFERS OF REAL PROPERTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—When implementing the recommended actions for civilian real prop-erties that have been identified in the Board’s report, as specified in section 12(g), and subject to paragraph (2) and in compli-ance with CERCLA, including section 120(h) of CERCLA (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)), Federal agen-cies may enter into an agreement to transfer by deed, pursuant to section 120(h)(3) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)), civilian real prop-erty with any person. (B) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The head of the disposing agency may re-quire any additional terms and conditions in connection with an agreement authorized by subparagraph (A) as the head of the dis-posing agency considers appropriate to pro-tect the interests of the United States. Such additional terms and conditions shall not af-fect or diminish any rights or obligations of the Federal agencies under section 120(h) of CERCLA (including, without limitation, the requirements of subsections (h)(3)(A) and (h)(3)(C)(iv) of that section). (2) C
ERTIFICATION CONCERNING COSTS .—A transfer of Federal civilian real property may be made under paragraph (1) only if the head of the disposing agency certifies to the Board and Congress that— (A) the costs of all environmental restora-tion, waste management, and environmental compliance activities otherwise to be paid by the disposing agency with respect to the property are equal to or greater than the fair market value of the property to be trans-ferred, as determined by the head of the dis-posing agency; or (B) if such costs are lower than the fair market value of the property, the recipient of the property agrees to pay the difference between the fair market value and such costs. (3) P
AYMENTS TO RECIPIENTS .—In the case of a civilian real property covered by a cer-tification under paragraph (2)(A), the dis-posing agency may pay the recipient of such property an amount equal to the lesser of— (A) the amount by which the costs in-curred by the recipient of such property for all environmental restoration, waste man-agement, and environmental compliance ac-tivities with respect to such property exceed the fair market value of such property as specified in such certification; or (B) the amount by which the costs (as de-termined by the head of the disposing agen-cy) that would otherwise have been incurred by the Secretary for such restoration, waste 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.042 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2937 May 23, 2016 
management, and environmental compliance activities with respect to such property ex-ceed the fair market value of such property as so specified. (4) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO RECIPI -
ENTS .—As part of an agreement under para-graph (1), the head of the disposing agency shall disclose, in accordance with applicable law, to the person to whom the civilian real property will be transferred information pos-sessed by the disposing agency regarding the environmental restoration, waste manage-ment, and environmental compliance activi-ties that relate to the property. The head of the disposing agency shall provide such in-formation before entering into the agree-ment. (5) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL RE -
MEDIATION IN GRANTING TIME EXTENSIONS .— For the purposes of granting time extensions under subsection (a), the Director of OMB shall give the need for significant environ-mental remediation to a civilian real prop-erty more weight than any other factor in determining whether to grant an extension to implement a Board recommendation. (6) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this Act may be construed to modify, alter, or amend CERCLA, the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969, or the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). 
SEC. 15. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act an initial appropriation of— (1) $2,000,000 for salaries and expenses of the Board; and (2) $40,000,000 to be deposited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund for activities related to the implementation of the Board’s recommendations. 
SEC. 16. FUNDING. 
(a) S ALARIES AND EXPENSES ACCOUNT .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count to be known as the ‘‘Public Buildings Reform Board Salaries and Expenses Ac-count’’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Account’’). (2) N
ECESSARY PAYMENTS .—There shall be deposited into the Account such amounts, as are provided in appropriations Acts, for those necessary payments for salaries and expenses to accomplish the administrative needs of the Board. (b) A
SSET PROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGE -
MENT FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Federal Buildings Fund estab-lished under section 592 of title 40, United States Code, an account to be known as the Public Buildings Reform Board—Asset Pro-ceeds and Space Management Fund (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). (2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts in the Fund shall be used solely for the purposes of car-rying out actions pursuant to the Board rec-ommendations approved under section 13. (3) D
EPOSITS .—The following amounts shall be deposited into the Fund and made avail-able for obligation or expenditure only as provided in advance in appropriations Acts (subject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, to the extent an appropriation normally covered by that section exceeds $20,000,000) for the purposes specified: (A) Such amounts as are provided in appro-priations Acts, to remain available until ex-pended, for the consolidation, co-location, exchange, redevelopment, reconfiguration of space, disposal, and other actions rec-ommended by the Board for Federal agen-cies. (B) Amounts received from the sale of any civilian real property action taken pursuant to a recommendation of the Board. (4) USE OF AMOUNTS TO COVER COSTS .—As provided in appropriations Acts, amounts in the Fund may be made available to cover necessary costs associated with imple-menting the recommendations pursuant to section 14, including costs associated with— (A) sales transactions; (B) acquiring land, construction, con-structing replacement facilities, and con-ducting advance planning and design as may be required to transfer functions from a Fed-eral asset or property to another Federal ci-vilian property; (C) co-location, redevelopment, disposal, and reconfiguration of space; and (D) other actions recommended by the Board for Federal agencies. (c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR BUDGET  C
ONTENTS .—The President shall transmit along with the President’s budget submitted pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, an estimate of proceeds that are the result of the Board’s recommendations and the obligations and expenditures needed to support such recommendations. 
SEC. 17. CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL OF PRO-POSED PROJECTS. 
Section 3307(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (6); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (7) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) a statement of how the proposed project is consistent with the standards and criteria developed under section 11(b) of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016.’’. 
SEC. 18. PRECLUSION OF JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
The following actions shall not be subject to judicial review: (1) Actions taken pursuant to sections 12 and 13. (2) Actions of the Board. 
SEC. 19. IMPLEMENTATION REVIEW BY GAO. 
Upon transmittal of the Board’s rec-ommendations from the Director of OMB to Congress under section 13, the Comptroller General of the United States at least annu-ally shall monitor and review the implemen-tation activities of Federal agencies pursu-ant to section 14, and report to Congress any findings and recommendations. 
SEC. 20. AGENCY RETENTION OF PROCEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 571 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) P
ROCEEDS FROM TRANSFER OR SALE OF  R
EALPROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) D
EPOSIT OF NET PROCEEDS .—Net pro- ceeds described in subsection (c) shall be de-posited into the appropriate real property account of the agency that had custody and accountability for the real property at the time the real property is determined to be excess. ‘‘(2) E
XPENDITURE OF NET PROCEEDS .—The net proceeds deposited pursuant to para-graph (1) may only be expended, as author-ized in annual appropriations Acts, for ac-tivities described in sections 543 and 545, in-cluding paying costs incurred by the General Services Administration for any disposal-re-lated activity authorized by this chapter. ‘‘(3) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Any net proceeds described in subsection (c) from the sale, lease, or other disposition of surplus real property that are not expended under para-graph (2) shall be used for deficit reduction. Any net proceeds not obligated within 3 years after the date of deposit and not ex-pended within 5 years after such date shall be deposited as miscellaneous receipts in the Treasury. ‘‘(b) EFFECT ON OTHER SECTIONS .—Nothing in this section is intended to affect section 572(b), 573, or 574. ‘‘(c) N
ETPROCEEDS .—The net proceeds de-scribed in this subsection are proceeds under this chapter, less expenses of the transfer or disposition as provided in section 572(a), from a— ‘‘(1) transfer of excess real property to a Federal agency for agency use; or ‘‘(2) sale, lease, or other disposition of sur-plus real property.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of this section, including the amendments made by this section, shall take effect upon the termination of the Board pursuant to section 10 and shall not apply to proceeds from transactions conducted under section 14. 
SEC. 21. FEDERAL REAL PROPERTY DATABASE. 
(a) D ATABASE REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Administrator of General Services shall publish a single, comprehensive, and descriptive database of all Federal real prop-erty under the custody and control of all ex-ecutive agencies, other than Federal real property excluded for reasons of national se-curity, in accordance with subsection (b). (b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION FOR DATA-
BASE .—The Administrator shall collect from the head of each executive agency descrip-tive information, except for classified infor-mation, of the nature, use, and extent of the Federal real property of each such agency, including the following: (1) The geographic location of each Federal real property of each such agency, including the address and description for each such property. (2) The total size of each Federal real prop-erty of each such agency, including square footage and acreage of each such property. (3) Whether the Federal real property is currently, or will in the future be, needed to support agency’s mission or function. (4) The utilization of each Federal real property for each such agency, including whether such property is excess, surplus, un-derutilized, or unutilized. (5) The number of days each Federal real property is designated as excess, surplus, un-derutilized, or unutilized. (6) The annual operating costs of each Fed-eral real property. (7) The replacement value of each Federal real property. (c) A
CCESS TO DATABASE .— (1) F
EDERAL AGENCIES .—The Adminis-trator, in consultation with the Director of OMB, shall make the database established and maintained under this section available to other Federal agencies. (2) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—To the extent con-sistent with national security and procure-ment laws, the database shall be accessible by the public at no cost through the Web site of the General Services Administration. (d) T
RANSPARENCY OF DATABASE .—To the extent practicable, the Administrator shall ensure that the database— (1) uses an open, machine-readable format; (2) permits users to search and sort Federal real property data; and (3) includes a means to download a large amount of Federal real property data and a selection of such data retrieved using a search. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this section may be construed to require an agency to make available to the public information that is exempt from disclosure pursuant to section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 22. STREAMLINING MCKINNEY-VENTO HOMELESS ASSISTANCE ACT. 
Section 501 of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.042 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2938 May 23, 2016 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; (B) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (C) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-nated) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of surplus property, the provision of permanent housing with or without supportive services is an eligible use to assist the homeless under this section.’’; (2) in subsection (c)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ and inserting ‘‘on the Web site of the Department of Housing and Urban Development or the General Services Administration’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘period of 60 days’’ and inserting ‘‘period of 30 days’’; (B) in paragraphs (2) and (4) by striking ‘‘60-day period’’ and inserting ‘‘30-day pe-riod’’; and (C) in paragraph (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘If no such review of the de-termination is requested within the 20-day period, such property will not be included in subsequent publications unless the land-holding agency makes changes to the prop-erty (e.g. improvements) that may change the unsuitable determination and the Sec-retary subsequently determines the property is suitable.’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)(A)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so des-ignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘75 days’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘a complete application’’ and inserting ‘‘an initial application’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) An initial application shall set forth— ‘‘(i) the services that will be offered; ‘‘(ii) the need for the services; and ‘‘(iii) the experience of the applicant that demonstrates the ability to provide the serv-ices.’’; (B) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘25 days after receipt of a completed application’’ and inserting ‘‘10 days after receipt of an initial application’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) If the Secretary of Health and Human Services approves an initial application, the applicant has 45 days in which to provide a final application that sets forth a reasonable plan to finance the approved program. ‘‘(5) No later than 15 days after receipt of the final application, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall review, make a final determination, and complete all actions on the final application. The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall maintain a public record of all actions taken in response to an application.’’; and (5) in subsection (f)(1) by striking ‘‘avail-able by’’ and inserting ‘‘available, at the ap-plicant’s discretion, by’’. 
SEC. 23. ADDITIONAL PROPERTY. 
Section 549(c)(3)(B)(vii) of title 40, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(vii) a museum attended by the public, and, for purposes of determining whether a museum is attended by the public, the Ad-ministrator shall consider a museum to be public if the nonprofit educational or public health institution or organization, at min-imum, accedes to any request submitted for access during business hours;’’. 
SEC. 24. SALE OF 12TH AND INDEPENDENCE. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘property’’ means the property located in the District of Columbia, subject to survey and as determined by the Administrator of General Services, generally consisting of Squares 325 and 326 and a portion of Square 351 and generally bounded by 12th Street, Independence Avenue, C Street, and the James Forrestal Building, all in Southwest Washington, District of Columbia, and shall include all associated air rights, improve-ments thereon, and appurtenances thereto. (b) SALE.—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Administrator of General Services shall sell the property at fair market value at highest and best use. (c) N
ETPROCEEDS .—Any net proceeds re-ceived shall be paid into an account in the Federal Buildings Fund established under section 592 of title 40, United States Code. Upon deposit, the net proceeds from the sale may be expended only subject to a specific future appropriation. 
SEC. 25. SALE OF COTTON ANNEX. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘property’’ means property located in the District of Columbia, subject to survey and as determined by the Administrator, gen-erally consisting of Square 326 south of C Street, all in Southwest Washington, Dis-trict of Columbia, including the building known as the Cotton Annex. (b) S
ALE.—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Administrator of General Services shall sell the property at fair market value at highest and best use. (c) N
ETPROCEEDS .—Any net proceeds re-ceived shall be paid into an account in the Federal Buildings Fund established under section 592 of title 40, United States Code. Upon deposit, the net proceeds from the sale may be expended only subject to a specific future appropriation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on H.R. 4465, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4465, as amended, includes re-forms that will reduce the deficit through the consolidation and selling of Federal buildings and improving the management of Federal real property. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this legislation. I want to recognize the tireless work of the gentleman and former chair of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Manage-ment Subcommittee, Mr. D
ENHAM , for his leadership on this issue, along with the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Mr. C
HAFFETZ . This bipartisan legislation incorporates critical provisions crafted by both committees to address decades- old problems related to Federal real property. H.R. 4465, as amended, establishes a pilot program that includes an inde-pendent review of the Federal real property inventory and development of recommendations for the disposition of vacant and underutilized properties. We have had hearings highlighting Federal buildings sitting vacant, cost-ing the taxpayer through maintenance costs and unrealized sale proceeds. These buildings are often eyesores in local communities and provide no local tax benefits. Agencies have been slow in getting rid of unneeded properties. For exam-ple, the Old Georgetown Heating Plant, in one of the most expensive areas of D.C., sat vacant for 11 years and was only sold after our committee held a hearing spotlighting the vacant prop-erty. The pilot included in this legisla-tion will result in an independent look across agencies at opportunities to sell, redevelop, and consolidate Federal properties. Following the pilot, H.R. 4465, as amended, would then allow agencies to retain a portion of the disposal pro-ceeds to offset the up-front cost of property disposal. The legislation will also codify the Federal real property database, pro-viding for better congressional over-sight of the real property inventory. If this bill works as intended, we can make significant strides in reducing the cost to the taxpayer and putting underused properties back on local tax rolls for redevelopment. I urge my colleagues to support pas-sage of this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4465, the Fed-eral Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016. This bill begins the process of re-forming GSA’s public building services. I would like to, first of all, recognize wholeheartedly my very good friend, whom I had an opportunity to travel with, my colleague from California (Mr. DENHAM ) for his work in bringing this bill before the Transportation Committee and now the full House, and also my colleague Chairman B
ARLETTA . Today’s legislation, Mr. Speaker, really has the potential to be a valu-able tool in right-sizing our Federal footprint. It authorizes an independent board that could provide a source of revenue for the Federal Government to invest in its existing buildings and to better manage its real estate portfolio. The board would make recommenda-tions to dispose of unneeded and under-utilized real estate, and it would make recommendations to consolidate Fed-eral real estate functions where appro-priate. H.R. 4465 is consistent with several governmentwide memoranda issued by the President that ordered agencies to reduce and freeze their real estate foot-prints. These directives represent the administration’s sustained priority of improving the management of Federal real estate. I believe H.R. 4465 dovetails 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.042 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2939 May 23, 2016 
well with the administration’s prior-ities and begins to address the issue in very meaningful ways. Both the Transportation Committee and the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, have repeatedly raised concerns about the way Federal real property has been managed. The pro-posed board would be highly instru-mental in reconfiguring, co-locating, and even realigning the Federal real estate portfolio with best practices. Although I believe the board can serve an important role in disposing of unneeded real estate, I also urge the board to not sell real estate assets in a soft market or sell properties that hamstring the government’s ability to house Federal employees in the future. Expert and specialized skill is still very necessary to dispose of underuti-lized real estate assets while avoiding selling property the government could need in the future. Without this exper-tise, we could end up with transactions leading to future long-term leasing be-cause of the haphazard disposal of un-derutilized real estate. It is very important to note that to-day’s legislation contains several checks and balances. As a result of the concerns expressed on my side of the aisle, there were several changes to the bill while negotiating the final version. Instead of the bill requiring six annual recommendations, as originally pro-posed, the board will now make three sets of detailed recommendations over 6 years so that Congress can conduct oversight of the board’s actions and properly gauge the alignment of the board’s goals with congressional prior-ities. In addition, the aggregate value of transactions is capped at no more than $8 billion. Each potential real estate action with a value above $20 million will require an appropriation that will go through the normal GSA prospectus approval process. Now, Mr. Speaker, Federal agencies will be required to coordinate construc-tion and alteration projects with GSA. I appreciate that the sponsors of this important legislation were willing to work with us to address these concerns, and we look forward to continuing this great work as it is being implemented In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I support today’s legislation. It creates an inde-pendent board to make recommenda-tions on how to meet the goal of right- sizing the Federal real estate portfolio and saving taxpayers millions of dol-lars. I intend to conduct vigorous over-sight of this board and the actions taken by GSA in order to make it a success. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation I have authored to help reduce the size of the Federal footprint. I first would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman B ARLETTA for their ongoing support in this effort, as well as Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and Ranking Member C
ARSON for their help also. This is truly a bipartisan bill. It is a bill that has garnered a lot of support because we have worked with both sides of the aisle, as well as with groups that have a vested interest in making sure that this happens cor-rectly. I also thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform for working to bridge the differences between our two commit-tees. Given our trillion-dollar deficit and skyrocketing debt, we have to examine every area of government and look for ways to continue to cut spending. This bill has taken 5 years in the making. It was one of the first actions when I, as a chair of this subcommittee, initially, we held a hearing in the Old Post Office in D.C. It was a January morning with freezing temperatures. We went in to show that this vacant building was sit-ting there and could be revitalized. Now we are going to see that building not only reopen as a hotel and retail space, but it is going to generate mil-lions in profits for the Federal Govern-ment. We continued to hold hearings like this in abandoned buildings all across the country, ones that were neglected, underutilized buildings, just to high-light the failed state of failed property management. We were successful in pressuring GSA in selling the long va-cant Georgetown West Heating Plant. That netted $20 million to the Amer-ican taxpayer. Sadly, this has got to be done across the entire country. Every year since 2003, GAO, the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, has found that the Federal Government fails to manage hundreds of thousands of buildings across the entire country. According to the GAO, the Federal Government continues to maintain too much excess and underutilized prop-erty, relies too heavily on costly leased space, and maintains unreliable and misleading real property lists. The GAO agrees and has stated before this committee that legislation like the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act would go a long way toward fixing the problems with Federal real property. The President has also continued to support reforms to Federal real estate since speaking on it in his 2011 State of the Union. He has included it in his budget since then, and I am also pleased to have secured the commit-ment of this administration to advance legislation and work with myself and Chairman C
HAFFETZ to see real reforms signed into law. Additionally, both Houses of Congress have included this idea in their annual budget documents. I believe that we have the potential to save billions of dollars in real estate property. To be successful, this board will need to consolidate the Federal footprint, house more Federal employ-ees in less overall space, reduce our re-liance on costly lease space, sell or re-develop high-value assets that are un-derutilized, and dispose of surplus prop-erty much, much quicker. This bill cre-ates an environment that will achieve these goals and creates a reliable and comprehensive real property database so the public can actually see govern-ment’s progress. Additionally, as I said, we worked with other groups. One of those was dealing with the McKinney-Vento Act to better facilitate access to unneeded Federal real property to serve our Na-tion’s homeless population. I am proud that these changes have led to the en-dorsement of this legislation by the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty. I am pleased to work with the Law Center throughout this proc-ess and look forward to continuing to work with them to address our Na-tion’s most vulnerable citizens. Again, this is a good bill. This has been done in a bipartisan fashion, and it is going to save billions of dollars for the taxpayer. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ARLETTA  for yielding me this time. I rise in support of both H.R. 4465, the bill by Chairman D
ENHAM , and H.R. 4487 by Chairman B
ARLETTA . We need to realize, Mr. Speaker, that private ownership of property is a very important, even vital, part of our free-dom and our prosperity. Today, the Federal Government owns almost 30 percent of the land in this Nation, and State and local govern-ments and quasi-governmental agen-cies own almost 20 percent. So today, close to half of the land in this country is under some type of public govern-mental ownership. But you can never satisfy government’s appetite for money or land. They always want more. I first became interested in this issue when I read in USA Today several years ago that governments keep add-ing land equal to half the size of the State of New Jersey each year through direct purchases or through indirect purchases through land conservancies. Then I read that the Federal Bureau of Land Management had about 3 million acres they didn’t even want. I first introduced a bill on this sub-ject in 2001, during the 107th Congress, called the Federal Lands Improvement Act. I reintroduced it in the next Con-gress. Then, in the 110th Congress, I in-troduced a similar bill with my col-league from the other side, Congress-man Dennis Moore of Kansas, called the Federal Real Property Disposal En-hancement Act. In a similar bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.097 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2940 May 23, 2016 
fashion, Senator T OMCARPER of Dela-ware and Senator Tom Coburn of Okla-homa introduced companion legisla-tion in the Senate. Several years ago, the Office of Man-agement and Budget had found 21,000 Federal properties that the Federal Government no longer wanted or need-ed worth, at that time, $18 billion, and $9 billion of those were real property assets that the Federal Government wanted to dispose of. b1945 Jim Nussle, who was the Office of Management and Budget Director at the time, wrote a letter endorsing leg-islation to do what these bills are at-tempting to do here tonight. He said: ‘‘To reach this objective, I believe we must improve and stream-line the current process that Federal agencies face in disposing of real prop-erty assets.’’ Some extremists never want the gov-ernment to sell any property, and gov-ernment at all levels continues to ac-quire more and more land every year. But we keep shrinking the tax base, Mr. Speaker, at the time that schools and policemen and all these other gov-ernment employees want and need more funding. This legislation, we have worked on this through both the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, on which I serve, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, on which I also serve. I want to commend, again, Chairman B
ARLETTA and Chair-man D
ENHAM because, with so many needs and so many good things that we can do for the American people, it sim-ply makes no sense to force the govern-ment to keep properties that it no longer needs or wants. We can and should put those assets to much better use. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. M
ICA). Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I have to thank the chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ), for taking this measure this far. I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) also. I have to also thank Mr. D
ENHAM and others for bringing this legislation forward. My involvement as a member and former chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure was that we had the Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, which the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) chairs and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) is the ranking member. They have taken this proposal that we thought about for sometime, and we heard Mr. D
UNCAN ’s work for years and brought it forward to a great piece of legislation that can save billions of dollars for the taxpayers. The Federal Government and the American people are, by far, the larg-est landowners of anyone anywhere. The American people own more Fed-eral property than anyone. There are some problems, though, and we identi-fied those. When we were in the minor-ity several years back, we had more time to do studies and reports. Mr. Speaker, we produced a report that was called ‘‘Sitting on Our Assets: The Fed-eral Government’s Misuse of Taxpayer- Owned Assets.’’ What we did is we went through some of the public buildings and properties that are sitting idle. One highlighted in the report—you can look the report up—is the old post office two blocks from the White House sitting there idle, 400,000 square feet. Half of it is empty. Behind it there is a newer annex. The old building was built in the 1890s. It was half empty, costing the taxpayers $6 million to $8 million a year in losses, to underwrite the losses. It took us two hearings. The first hearing we held was in the empty annex, empty for 15 years. We brought the committee down there. The staff said: Should we do it in the heated part half empty or should we do it in the cold part? It was 32 degrees outside, 38 degrees inside. We did the hearing in the cold part. We made the bureaucrats shiver. For a year they still didn’t do any-thing. We got it put up for tender. Guess who won against the competi-tion of the best hotels. Ritz Carlton, Marriott, and all of the other majors, Hilton, they all competed openly. Mr. Trump and his organization won. He is turning that asset that has been sitting idle, costing taxpayers from $6 million to $8 million a year in losses, into about a quarter of a million dollars revenue, plus a percentage of some of the profits. Now, that is what you do in turning government properties around. That is one example. You could go throughout the Dis-trict. Behind the Ritz Carlton in Georgetown there is a property, a power station. We did a hearing in the empty building there. We got it up for sale. Actually, the ‘‘for sale’’ sign went up the day before the hearing. It sold for $19 million. It was costing us $1 mil-lion a year to maintain empty. One of the greatest victories is going to occur on June 3. Since 2008, the Fed-eral courthouse, which is a beautiful, historic building in downtown Miami, empty, costing more than $1.5 million to keep empty, deteriorating. We held a hearing there in the empty court-house several years back. Nothing hap-pened. Then I heard from the president of Miami Dade Community College, my alma mater, across the street. He said: I have written GSA, and we can’t get them to do anything. Well, on June 3, we will transfer that vacant property sitting idle since 2008 to Miami Dade Community College, stemming losses. These are just a few examples. Up in Mr. H
OYER ’s district, we have got thou-sands of acres between the two major thoroughfares vacant at the Depart-ment of Agriculture. At Cape Kennedy, we have been pri-vate there for 5 years. We took the committee down, and we did a hearing there, 177,000 acres, five times the size of Manhattan. There are another 16,000 acres adjacent with the Air Force, sit-ting there with 400 buildings, half of them empty. All I need is 400 acres from the Air Force to do a cargo con-tainer port, and you could employ 5,000 people. That is what the port director testified. So we have assets across this Nation sitting idle because no bureaucrat has the beanie up here to make that into a producing asset. We haven’t even got-ten into VA. This doesn’t include the Postal Service or DOD. We have thou-sands of properties, buildings sitting idle. This bill starts the process. If you owned property, would you give it to the Federal Government to manage? I always ask groups that. People look at me like I have been smoking mari-juana. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman. Mr. MICA. People look at you like you are dumb. Would you consider giving your prop-erty—any of the Members—to the Fed-eral Government to manage? No way, Jose; they would not do it. So this bill has people who really know how to deal and manage real estate look at the properties. We don’t even have an inventory of these properties, as some of this gets beyond the pale. But we will get an inventory, we will get a recommendation, and then hope-fully do something, make agencies do something. Bureaucrats will do noth-ing with those properties. They don’t think. Their brains are not wired to think. They do nothing smart. They are getting their paycheck. They don’t think. So this is the beginning of getting out of the dumb ages into the smart ages, taking those hard-earned public assets, the poor person out there who is dogging it, trying to put food on the table, gas in the car, kids in school, and the government is sitting on huge Federal assets doing nothing. Thank you for coming forward with this bill. Let’s get it done. Let’s get it passed. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4465, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.099 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2941 May 23, 2016 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2576, TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 897, REDUCING REGULATORY BUR-DENS ACT OF 2015 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–590) on the resolution (H. Res. 742) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Con-gressional intent regarding the regula-tion of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5055, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–591) on the resolution (H. Res. 743) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM AND SAVINGS ACT OF 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4487) to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4487 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. STREAMLINED LEASING PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E XECUTION OF LEASES .—The Adminis-trator of General Services shall establish and conduct a pilot program to execute lease agreements pursuant to authority provided under section 585 of title 40, United States Code, using alternative procedures. (b) A
DOPTION .—The Administrator shall prescribe alternative procedures to enter into lease agreements in accordance with section 585 of title 40, United States Code, pursuant to the provisions of this section. (c) G
OALS OF PROCEDURES .—The goals of the alternative procedures are— (1) reducing the costs to the Federal Gov-ernment of leased space, including— (A) executing long-term leases with firm terms of 10 years or more and reducing cost-ly holdover and short-term lease extensions, including short firm term leases; (B) improving office space utilization rates of Federal tenants; and (C) streamlining and simplifying the leas-ing process to take advantage of real estate markets; and (2) significantly reducing or eliminating the backlog of expiring leases over the next 5 years. (d) LEASEHOLD INTERESTS IN REAL PROP-
ERTY .— (1) S
IMPLIFIED PROCEDURES .—Notwith- standing section 3305(b) of title 41, United States Code, but otherwise in accordance with such section, the Administrator shall provide special simplified procedures for ac-quisitions of leasehold interests in real prop-erty at rental rates that do not exceed the simplified lease acquisition threshold, as de-fined in paragraph (2). The rental rate under a multiyear lease does not exceed the sim-plified lease acquisition threshold if the av-erage annual amount of the rent payable for the period of the lease does not exceed the simplified lease acquisition threshold. (2) A
CQUISITION THRESHOLD .—For purposes of this section, the simplified lease acquisi-tion threshold is $500,000. (e) C
ONSOLIDATED LEASE PROSPECTUSES .— The Administrator may, when acquiring leasehold interests subject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, transmit, pursu-ant to subsection (b) of such section, to the committees designated in such section for approval a prospectus to acquire leased space, and waive the requirements pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (6) of section 3307(b), subject to the following requirements: (1) C
OST PER SQUARE FOOTAGE .—The cost per square footage does not exceed the max-imum proposed rental rate designated for the respective geographical area. (2) S
PACE UTILIZATION .—The Administrator ensures the overall space utilization rate is 170 usable square feet per person or better based on actual agency staffing levels when occupied. (3) L
EASE TERM .—The lease term, including the firm term, is not less than 10 years. (4) G
EOGRAPHIC LOCATION .—The geo-graphical location is identified as having a large amount of square footage of Federal of-fice space and lease turnover and will likely result in providing for the ability, on a time-ly basis, of the agency to consolidate space effectively or meet any requirements for temporary or interim space required for planned consolidations. (f) C
ONSOLIDATIONS GENERALLY .—The Ad- ministrator may consolidate more than 1 project into a single prospectus submitted pursuant to section 3307(b), title 40, United States Code, if such consolidation will facili-tate efficiencies and reductions in overall space and improved utilization rates. (g) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Adminis-trator may— (1) waive notice and comment rulemaking, if the Administrator determines the waiver is necessary to implement this section expe-ditiously; and (2) carry out the alternative procedures under this section as a pilot program. (h) R
EPORTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—During the period in which the pilot program is conducted under this section, the Administrator shall submit, annually, to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate a progress report that provides updates on the number and square footage of leases expiring in the 5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, by agency and region, and which shall include for the expiring leases— (A) an average of the lease terms, includ-ing firm terms, for leases executed; and (B) the percentage of leases managed in- house or through the use of commercial real estate leasing services. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after termination of the pilot program, the Administrator shall submit a final report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. The final report shall include— (A) a review and evaluation of the lease agreements executed under the alternative procedures established pursuant to this sec-tion in comparison to those agreements not executed pursuant to the alternative proce-dures; (B) recommendations on any permanent changes to the General Services Administra-tion’s leasing authority; and (C) a progress evaluation in meeting the goals described in subsection (c). (i) T
ERMINATION .—The authorities under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2021. 
SEC. 3. EXCHANGE AUTHORITY. 
(a) L IMITATION ON EXCHANGE AUTHORITY .— Section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing by exchange)’’ after ‘‘acquire’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) An appropriation for any costs and ex-penses associated with administering an ac-quisition by exchange involving real prop-erty or in-kind consideration, including serv-ices, with a fair market value of $2,850,000 or more.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to projects in which a procurement has already begun. 
SEC. 4. FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE. 
(a) Section 1315 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) C
ONTRACT SECURITY PERSONNEL .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITIES FOR CONTRACT SECURITY  
PERSONNEL .— ‘‘(A) C
ARRYING OF FIREARMS .—The Sec-retary may authorize contract security per-sonnel engaged in the protection of buildings and grounds that are owned, occupied, or se-cured by the General Services Administra-tion Public Buildings Service to carry fire-arms to carry out their official duties. ‘‘(B) D
ETENTION WITHOUT A WARRANT .—A person authorized to carry a firearm under this subsection may, while in the perform-ance of, and in connection with, official du-ties, detain an individual without a warrant for any offense against the United States committed in that person’s presence or for any felony cognizable under the laws of the United States if that person has reasonable grounds to believe that the individual to be detained has committed or is committing such felony. The detention authority con-ferred by this paragraph is in addition to any detention authority provided under other laws. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—The following limita-tions apply: ‘‘(A) D
ETENTION .—Contract security per-sonnel authorized to carry firearms under this section may detain an individual only if the individual to be detained is within, or in direct flight from, the area of such offense. ‘‘(B) E
NFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN LAWS .—A person granted authority to detain under this section may exercise such authority only to enforce laws regarding any building and grounds and all property located in or on that building and grounds that are owned, occupied, or secured by the General Services Administration Public Buildings Service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.102 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2942 May 23, 2016 
‘‘(3) G UIDANCE .—The Secretary, with the approval of the Attorney General, shall issue guidelines to implement this section.’’. (b) Section 1315(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (D); (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (E) and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subparagraph (F). (c) Section 1315(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM TRAINING STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Protective Service and in ac-cordance with guidelines issued by the At-torney General, shall establish minimum and uniform training standards for any employee designated as an officer or agent to carry out and exercise authority pursuant to this sec-tion. Such minimum standards shall include ongoing training certified by the Director of the Federal Protective Service. ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION OF DESIGNATIONS AND  
DELEGATIONS .—The Secretary shall submit written notification of any approved designa-tions or delegations of any authority pro-vided under this section, including the pur-poses and scope of such designations or dele-gations, not within the Federal Protective Service, to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate, in-cluding the purpose for such designations or delegations, oversight protocols established to ensure compliance with any requirements, including compliance with training require-ments, and other specifics regarding such designations and delegations.’’. 
SEC. 5. EVALUATION OF FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE PERSONNEL NEEDS. 
(a) P ERSONNEL AND FUNDING NEEDS OF FED-
ERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and after review by a qualified consultant pursu-ant to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the personnel needs of the Federal Protective Service that includes rec-ommendations on the numbers of Federal Protective Service law enforcement officers and the workforce composition of the Fed-eral Protective Service needed to carry out the mission of such Service during the 10-fis-cal-year period beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
EVIEW AND COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide the report prepared under this section to a qualified consultant for review and comment before submitting the report to the appropriate congressional commit-tees. The Secretary shall provide the com-ments of the qualified consultant to the ap-propriate congressional committee with the report. (3) C
ONTENTS .—The report under this sec-tion shall include an evaluation of— (A) the option of posting a full-time equiv-alent Federal Protective Service law en-forcement officer at each level 3 or 4 Federal facility, as determined by the Interagency Security Committee, that on the date of en-actment of this Act has a protective security officer stationed at the facility; (B) the potential increase in security of any option evaluated under subparagraph (A); (C) the immediate and projected costs of any option evaluated under such subpara-graph; and (D) the immediate and projected costs of maintaining the current level of protective security officers and full-time Federal Pro-tective Service law enforcement officers. (b) REPORT ON FUNDING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the best method of funding for the Federal Protective Service, which shall include rec-ommendations regarding whether the Fed-eral Protective Service should— (1) continue to be funded by a collection of fees and security charges; (2) be funded by appropriations; or (3) be funded by a combination of fees, se-curity charges, and appropriations. 
SEC. 6. ZERO-BASED SPACE JUSTIFICATION. 
Section 3307(b) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘including a cost comparison between leasing space or con-structing space’’; (2) in paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (7) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) with respect to any prospectus, includ-ing for replacement space, lease renewal, or lease extension, the Administrator shall in-clude a justification for such space, includ-ing an explanation of why such space could not be consolidated or colocated into other owned or leased space.’’. 
SEC. 7. ELIMINATING PROJECT ESCALATIONS. 
Section 3307(c) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Administrator shall notify, in writing, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate of any increase of more than 5 percent of an esti-mated maximum cost or of any increase or decrease in the scope or size of a project of 5 or more percent. Such notification shall in-clude an explanation regarding any such in-crease or decrease. The scope or size of a project shall not increase or decrease by more than 10 percent unless an amended pro-spectus is submitted and approved pursuant to this section.’’. 
SEC. 8. LIMITATION ON AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) E
XPIRATION OF COMMITTEE RESOLU -
TIONS .—Unless a lease is executed or a con-struction, alteration, repair, design, or ac-quisition project is initiated not later than 5 years after the resolution approvals adopted by the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate pursuant to sub-section (a), such resolutions shall be deemed expired. This subsection shall only apply to resolutions approved after the date of enact-ment of this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 9. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY HEAD-QUARTERS REPLACEMENT. 
(a) S ALE OF CERTAIN PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services is di-rected to sell, exchange, or some combina-tion thereof, a portion of the Forrestal Com-plex necessary to generate the funds nec-essary to construct a new Department of En-ergy headquarters on Government-owned land in a manner consistent with the SW Ecodistrict Plan if the Administrator deter-mines that the new Department of Energy headquarters can be constructed with no net costs to the Government. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the following definitions apply: (A) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY FORRESTAL  
COMPLEX .—The term ‘‘Forrestal Complex’’ means the land, including the buildings and other improvements thereon, that— (i) subject to survey and as determined by the Administrator, is— (I) located in the District of Columbia; (II) generally bounded by Independence Av-enue, Southwest, 12th Street, Southwest, Maryland Avenue, Southwest, and 9th Street, Southwest; and (III) generally consisting of Squares 351–N, 351, 383, 384, and 385 and portions of Squares 325 and 352; and (ii) is under the jurisdiction and control of the General Services Administration. (B) SW ECODISTRICT PLAN .—The term ‘‘SW Ecodistrict Plan’’ means the plan of the Na-tional Capital Planning Commission titled ‘‘The SW Ecodistrict: A Vision Plan For A More Sustainable Future’’ and dated Janu-ary 2013. (b) R
EPLACEMENT OF HEADQUARTERS .—Not later than 2 years after the disposal of the necessary portions of the Forrestal Complex, the Administrator shall replace the Depart-ment of Energy headquarters located on the Forrestal Complex in a Government-owned building on Government-owned land. (c) C
ERTAIN PROHIBITIONS .—The Adminis-trator shall not lease a new Department of Energy headquarters or engage in a lease-back of the current headquarters. (d) S
ALE.—If the Administrator is unable to meet the conditions of subsection (a), the Administrator shall sell any underutilized or vacant property on the Forrestal Complex for cash. (e) N
ETPROCEEDS .—Any net proceeds re-ceived, exceeding the expenses of imple-menting subsection (b) or (d), shall be paid into an account in the Federal Buildings Fund established under section 592 of title 40, United States Code. Upon deposit, the net proceeds from the sale may only be expended subject to a specific future appropriation. 
SEC. 10. LIMITATION ON DISCOUNTED PURCHASE OPTIONS. 
Section 585 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) Any bargain-price option to purchase at less than fair market value contained in any lease agreement entered into on or after January 1, 2016, pursuant to this section may be exercised only to the extent specifically provided for in subsequent appropriation Acts or other Acts of Congress.’’. 
SEC. 11. ENERGY SAVINGS. 
To the extent practicable and when cost ef-fective, the Administrator of General Serv-ices shall consider the direct purchase of en-ergy and other utilities in bulk or otherwise for leased facilities. 
SEC. 12. SIMPLIFIED REFORMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purpose of sec-tion 863 of Public Law 110–417, an individual acquisition for commercial leasing services shall not be construed as a purchase of prop-erty or services if such individual acquisi-tion is made on a no cost basis and pursuant to a multiple award contract awarded in ac-cordance with requirements for full and open competition. (b) A
UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct biennial audits of the General Services Administration National Broker Contract to determine— (A) whether brokers selected under the program provide lower lease rental rates than rates negotiated by General Services Administration staff; and (B) the impact of the program on the length of time of lease procurements; (2) conduct a review of whether the appli-cation of section 863 of Public Law 110–417 to acquisitions for commercial leasing services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.043 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2943 May 23, 2016 
resulted in rental cost savings for the Gov-ernment during the years in which such sec-tion was applicable prior to the date of en-actment of this section; and (3) not later than September 30, 2018, and September 30, 2020, submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that— (A) summarizes the results of the audit and review required by paragraphs (1) and (2); (B) includes an assessment of whether the National Broker Contract provides greater efficiencies and savings than the use of Gen-eral Services Administration staff; and (C) includes recommendations for improv-ing General Services Administration lease procurements. (c) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on December 31, 2021. 
SEC. 13. NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION RENTAL RATES. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate justifying the use of 3 lease rental caps per fiscal year and their impacts in the National Capital Re-gion. The Administrator shall also evaluate and make recommendations related to whether the current rental caps adequately provide for maximum competition for build- to-suit leased space. 
SEC. 14. REDUCTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE RE-QUIREMENTS ON CERTAIN PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 601(d)(2) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965, as amended (42 U.S.C. 3211), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE .—’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
EVOLVING LOAN FUND PROGRAM .—The Secretary may release, subject to terms and conditions the Secretary determines appro-priate, the Federal Government’s interest in connection with a grant under section 209(d) not less than 7 years after final disbursement of the grant, if— ‘‘(i) the recipient has carried out the terms of the award in a satisfactory manner; ‘‘(ii) any proceeds realized from the release of the Federal Government’s interest will be used for one or more activities that continue to carry out the economic development pur-poses of this Act; and ‘‘(iii) the recipient shall provide adequate assurance to the Secretary that at all times after release of the Federal Government’s in-terest in connection with the grant, the re-cipient will be responsible for continued compliance with the requirements of section 602 in the same manner it was responsible prior to release of the Federal Government’s interest and that the recipient’s failure to comply shall result in the Secretary taking appropriate action, including, but not lim-ited to, rescission of the release and recovery of the Federal share of the grant.’’. 
SEC. 15. LACTATION ROOM IN PUBLIC BUILD-INGS. 
(a) L ACTATION ROOM IN PUBLIC BUILDINGS .— Chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 3317. Lactation room in public buildings ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘appropriate authority’ means the head of a Federal agency, the Architect of the Capitol, or other official authority responsible for the operation of a public building. ‘‘(2) COVERED PUBLIC BUILDING .—The term ‘covered public building’ means a public building (as defined in section 3301) that is open to the public and contains a public rest-room, and includes a building listed in sec-tion 6301 or 5101. ‘‘(3) L
ACTATION ROOM .—The term ‘lactation room’ means a hygienic place, other than a bathroom, that— ‘‘(A) is shielded from view; ‘‘(B) is free from intrusion; and ‘‘(C) contains a chair, a working surface, and, if the public building is otherwise sup-plied with electricity, an electrical outlet. ‘‘(b) L
ACTATION ROOM REQUIRED .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the appropriate authority of a covered public building shall ensure that the building contains a lactation room that is made available for use by mem-bers of the public to express breast milk. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—A covered public build-ing may be excluded from the requirement in subsection (b) at the discretion of the appro-priate authority if— ‘‘(1) the public building— ‘‘(A) does not contain a lactation room for employees who work in the building; and ‘‘(B) does not have a room that could be repurposed as a lactation room or a space that could be made private using portable materials, at a reasonable cost; or ‘‘(2) new construction would be required to create a lactation room in the public build-ing and the cost of such construction is unfeasible. ‘‘(d) N
OUNAUTHORIZED ENTRY .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize an individual to enter a public building or portion thereof that the individual is not otherwise authorized to enter.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item related to section 3316 the following new item: ‘‘3317. Lactation room in public buildings.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 16. USE OF RECLAIMED REFRIGERANTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall issue a report exam-ining the feasibility of giving preference to the use of reclaimed refrigerants to service existing equipment of Federal buildings. 
SEC. 17. SALES AND SAVINGS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘property’’ means the following: (1) The property located in the District of Columbia, subject to survey and as deter-mined by the Administrator of General Serv-ices, generally consisting of Squares 325 and 326 and a portion of Square 351 and generally bounded by 12th Street, Independence Ave-nue, C Street, and the James Forrestal Building, all in Southwest Washington, Dis-trict of Columbia, including all associated air rights, improvements thereon, and appur-tenances thereto. (2) The property located in the District of Columbia, subject to survey and as deter-mined by the Administrator, generally con-sisting of Square 326 south of C Street, in-cluding the building known as the Cotton Annex. (b) S
ALE.—Not later than December 31, 2018, the Administrator shall sell the prop-erty at fair market value at highest and best use. (c) N
ETPROCEEDS .—Any net proceeds of a sale under subsection (b) shall be paid into an account in the Federal Buildings Fund es-tablished under section 592 of title 40, United States Code. Upon deposit, the net proceeds from the sale may be expended only subject to a specific future appropriation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4487, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4487, as amended, includes reforms that will reduce the cost of Federal real estate and improve Federal building security. I am pleased to be the sponsor of this important leg-islation. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOof the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and our sub-committee Ranking Member C
ARSON  for working with me on crafting this important legislation. The Subcommittee on Economic De-velopment, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management held a series of hearings, roundtables, and listening sessions to examine the General Serv-ices Administration’s lease portfolio. What we found was, within 5 years, half of all GSA leases will expire. To give some perspective on how much space that represents, that is 100 million square feet of space or 32 new World Trade Centers in New York. More than half of GSA’s total real es-tate inventory is in commercial leased space, costing the taxpayer more than $5.5 billion each year. How we replace these leases has a huge impact on the costs to the tax-payer. For larger leases and projects requiring committee authorization, we have already taken steps to reduce the cost of Federal real estate to the tax-payer. Since last Congress, the committee has worked with GSA to reduce the Federal footprint through consoli-dating space and improving space utili-zation. Through those efforts, we have saved the taxpayer more than $3 billion in avoided lease costs. Those are real savings. When we reduce the amount of office space agencies are leasing, it directly reduces the cost to the taxpayer. With the large number of leases expiring in the near future, we now have a ripe op-portunity to save even more by negoti-ating better rental rates and conces-sions. To take advantage of this oppor-tunity, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act establishes a leasing pilot program. This pilot program will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.043 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2944 May 23, 2016 
allow GSA to streamline the leasing process to work through expiring leases more quickly and lock in good deals for the long term. The legislation gives GSA flexible pilot authority to address roadblocks to reducing costs so that space acquisition can be based on the best deal and not on arbitrary fac-tors like unusually high ceiling heights that reduce competition. The legislation could result in a 20 percent reduction in lease costs and save taxpayers more than $500 million annually, without even accounting for savings through reduction in space. The legislation also includes language that will give GSA a better ability, where appropriate, to use public-pri-vate partnerships to meet space needs, leveraging private dollars to offset costs. In addition to these reforms, H.R. 4487, as amended, includes provisions that will improve building security by clarifying requirements related to the training and accountability of the Fed-eral Protective Service. H.R. 4487, as amended, also includes other provi-sions that will improve Congress’ over-sight of public building projects to en-sure building projects make sense and stay within budget and on time. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SHUSTER : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4487, the ‘‘Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016.’’ The bill contains provi-sions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will forego action on this bill. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 4487 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. The waiver is also given with the under-standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference that may be convened on this or any similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such a request I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with re-spect to H.R. 4487, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 23, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4487, the Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016. I appreciate your willingness to support expe-diting the consideration of this legislation on the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving consider-ation of this bill, the Committee on Home-land Security does not waive any future valid jurisdictional claim it may have to provisions in this or similar legislation. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would cooperate as you seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving provisions within this legislation on which the Committee on Homeland Security has demonstrated a valid jurisdictional claim. I will include our letters on H.R. 4487 in the Congressional Record during House floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman B
ARLETTA , Chair-man S
HUSTER , and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO. I rise in support of H.R. 4487, the Pub-lic Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, this bill begins the process of reforming GSA, Public Buildings Service, and the Federal Pro-tective Service. I would like to thank my colleagues, again, for being a part-ner in developing this very important piece of legislation directing GSA to improve the management of Federal real estate. The GAO has consistently listed the management of Federal real property an area of high risk. The provisions contained in today’s legislation will address many of the concerns that GAO has documented. Specifically, the bill will direct GSA to reform the leasing process and tighten oversight of the construction program. b2000 The centerpiece of this legislation is a 5-year pilot program designed to streamline the GSA leasing procure-ment process. Mr. Speaker, by raising the threshold for simplified lease ac-quisitions, I believe GSA will be able to reduce their workload on smaller leases and focus their staff on the exe-cution of larger leases that can provide even more savings to taxpayers. While owning is often the most cost- effective option for housing Federal agencies, there will also be a need for the Federal Government to lease space. The pilot program, and the GAO re-ports authorized by this bill, is ex-pected to provide the Committee on Transportation with definitive data about the most efficient way to lease Federal office space. The interim re-ports on the pilot program and the ef-fectiveness of GSA’s use of commercial brokers will be instructive as to which new authorities Congress should let ex-pire in 5 years and which we should keep. I am also pleased that today’s bill in-cludes several reforms authored in H.R. 1850, the Federal Protective Service Improvement Act of 2015. Mr. Speaker, in the aftermath of the 1995 Murrah Building bombing in Oklahoma City, the Department of Justice, or DOJ, as-sessed the vulnerability of Federal buildings in the United States, particu-larly related to acts of terrorism and other forms of violence. The Department of Justice made sev-eral recommendations, including up-grading the Federal Protective Service and bringing each Federal facility up to higher minimum standards for its security levels. The reforms in today’s legislation in-clude creating a national framework for the 13,000 contract guards who pro-tect Federal buildings, employees, and visitors each and every day. It man-dates a minimum level of training for Protective Service Officers, or PSOs, while at the same time providing au-thority for PSOs to carry firearms and detain suspects accused of a felony on Federal property. As a former police officer, I can’t overstate the impor-tance of a strong training standard for security personnel at every Federal fa-cility across our great Nation. The bill also requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to study whether it has a suffi-cient number of law enforcement offi-cers and inspectors necessary to regu-larly conduct security assessments of Federal facilities. Another provision requires a study of whether FPS’ fee structure is sufficient to fund the strong law enforcement presence need-ed today. Mr. Speaker, I expect that when these reports are completed, they will help guide the Committee’s efforts to address FPS’ long-term funding and staffing issues. Mr. Speaker, I believe it is critically important that we do everything pos-sible to protect the millions of Federal workers and daily visitors to Federal buildings. With increased oversight and additional legislative authority, I be-lieve the FPS can fulfill its mission. I hope, in closing, that we can con-tinue to work in a bipartisan manner on these matters. I thank the chair and ranking member of the full committee, who both cosponsored and supported this important piece of legislation. To-gether, we can put forth commonsense reforms that allow both GSA and FPS to be good stewards of our Nation’s public buildings. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), who is an Amer-ican icon and legend. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for his overly generous introduction, and I thank my friend from Pennsylvania and my friend from Indiana for this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.103 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2945 May 23, 2016 
This bill, which I strongly support, the Public Buildings Reform and Sav-ings Act of 2016, may seem quite tech-nical to those who have heard it de-scribed, but I do want to congratulate my friends, the chairman and the rank-ing member, for a bill that will have great substantive impact on the way that GSA does its business. I particu-larly appreciate the bipartisan way in which both of them have always per-formed. I also thank them both for ac-cepting my amendments: one, in keep-ing with both this bill and the prior bill, for a new, federal footprint here, and a smaller Department of Energy; and then an amendment that is not re-lated to any of this, for lactation space for visitors to Federal buildings. I appreciate the acceptance of an amendment that allows the GSA to sell or exchange the Department of Energy Forrestal Complex that is right in the heart of The Mall area, at 1000 Inde-pendence Avenue, in accordance with the so-called Southwest Ecodistrict Plan, which means that all the appro-priate planning has been done, given where this location is and how impor-tant it is to official Washington. My amendment has two purposes. Be-cause the DOE building is larger than necessary and results in wasteful spending, we now require a smaller footprint. It allows the Cotton Annex, close to the Department of Energy on The Mall, to be sold, and gives the GSA what a developer needs—that is what GSA is, a developer—the flexibility to develop this priceless land and assures that development will occur soon— GSA has to come back by June, and we are almost there—with a process for disposing of the Cotton Annex. I want to thank both gentlemen for agreeing to my amendment that I call the ‘‘motherhood’’ bill. GSA already requires that employees be given lacta-tion space, but we discovered that some employees at the Smithsonian were not getting it. When I called the Smithsonian, they immediately pro-vided the regional space. It is not new space, only existing space for a mother to pump or to nurse a baby, if she is a Federal employee. I simply added visi-tors and guests to Federal facilities as those that can use this space. The Nation’s capital is a tourist mecca, so there will be some nursing mothers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield the gentlewoman an addi-tional 3 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the bene-fits of breastfeeding are well docu-mented. Children’s immune systems build up. Studies have shown that even risks of asthma, diabetes, and the like are reduced in breastfed babies. There are benefits also to nursing mothers as well. The risk of diabetes and cancer are reduced. This bill isn’t very much related to the important substance of the under-lying bill, but the relationship is clear enough. I very much thank my two good friends for accepting these two amendments to the underlying bill. I strongly support the underlying bill this evening. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Z
INKE). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4487, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUDGE EDMUND V. LUDWIG (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, to-night my constituents back home in Pennsylvania are gathering to remem-ber and celebrate the life of a wonder-ful citizen. Judge Edmund V. Ludwig will be remembered for his contribu-tions to the community and the court-room, and for his leadership as a jurist, educator, mentor, and historian. Judge Ludwig died on May 17, 2016, at the age of 87. He will also be remem-bered for his wit and wisdom. His legal accomplishments include leading the way to improve access to counsel for the poor, reformation of the juvenile system, and improvement to State services for the mentally ill. Judge Ludwig founded many of these organizations and served on several of the boards. His well-known affinity for history led to the founding in 1955 of the Doylestown Historical Society, where he served as chairman until 2011. The former judge of the Bucks Coun-ty Court of Common Pleas was ap-pointed in 1985 to the United States District Court by President Ronald Reagan. He was honored with the Wil-liam J. Brennan Jr. Distinguished Ju-rist Award by the Philadelphia Bar As-sociation in 2005. Judge Ludwig’s life of service is im-printed in the history of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
f 
COMBATING THE ZIKA VIRUS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is certainly time for Congress to do its job. Just last week we were briefed by the Centers for Disease Control regarding the Zika virus. Earlier today in my congressional district in Houston, one of the infectious disease specialists called Houston and the Gulf region the epicenter of the Zika virus. It is well known that treatment for any child that is infected will cost $10 million. Frankly, the brain is literally destroyed by the virus. So the deform-ity is the fact that there is no brain functioning in these children. This map indicates the whole Gulf re-gion. That is clearly in the eye of the storm. This map indicates that Hous-ton, among other big cities, is number one as it relates to the Zika virus. So my call today is for us to fully fund the President’s emergency supple-mental. This is a picture of the mos-quito causing these impacts. We dis-cussed today a task force, which I cre-ated in my district. Finally, just to leave this informa-tion, this is the mosquito. Use DEET. This is a serious matter. We need full funding to combat the Zika virus and save lives. f 
COMMENDING PENN STATE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last Friday I visited Penn State University for their annual En-ergy Days program—focused efforts in research and education involving America’s energy sectors. As many people from Pennsylvania know, the university was founded as one of our Nation’s first colleges of ag-ricultural science. Now under the lead-ership of Penn State President Eric Barron, the university is taking strides to become known as the energy univer-sity. Courses of study are already being of-fered that prepare students for careers in the Marcellus Shale industry, many of which offer a starting wage that can support a family. I applaud the efforts of Penn State in striving to meet the needs of our en-ergy sector, combining expertise in en-ergy-related research, teaching, and service with contributions from leaders in the energy industries. The new initiative will greatly ex-pand efforts in energy policy, fossil fuels, renewable energy, systems and technology, and environmental impact. More importantly, those efforts will be expanded across the State at the uni-versity’s 24 campuses. Our energy industries, such as coal, natural gas, and oil, are vital to the history, heritage, and future of Penn-sylvania. 
f 
ISIS MURDERS CHRISTIAN GIRL (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last week, ISIS terrorists came to the house of a Christian family in Iraq to collect the religious tax imposed on all non-Muslims. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.106 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2946 May 23, 2016 
ISIS told the mother of the home: You have two choices. You are to leave now or you are to pay the tax. The mother pled: I will pay, but give me a few seconds because my daughter is in the shower. But the ISIS terrorists did not wait. Instead, they set fire to the house. The mother, clutching a small child, es-caped. But the girl was trapped in the burning home. Later, she was found. She had such severe burns, she died in her mother’s arms. The last thing she said to her mother was: Forgive them. The girl is a better person than most of us. From beheading to burning little Christian girls alive, ISIS’ evil geno-cide knows no bounds. ISIS murders in the name of religious jihad. Will we allow this evil to continue? Or shall all religions unite and hold ISIS accountable? We must stop ISIS’ malicious murder of the innocent. Justice demands it. And, Mr. Speaker, justice is what we are supposed to do. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b2015 DEMOCRACY IN CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) is recognized for half of the remaining time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it is once again an honor and a privilege to stand on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives to help anchor the Con-gressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour, this hour of power, where, for the next 60 minutes, members of the Con-gressional Black Caucus have the op-portunity to speak directly to the American people on an issue of great significance. Today’s Special Order hour topic is Democracy in Crisis: The Reckless, Re-publican Assault on the Right to Vote in America. It is with great dismay that many of us come to the House floor today to speak to an issue of significance to the American people and our democracy. There is nothing more sacred to the integrity of the democratic process than the right to vote. There are peo-ple throughout the years who died try-ing to secure the ability to participate in the franchise to help execute upon that great American promise of a gov-ernment of the people, by the people, and for the people, to vote for those in-dividuals who would represent them at the city, State or Federal level, regard-less of race or religion, ethnicity, im-migration status. While we undeniably have made tre-mendous progress in America, clearly there has been an effort by some, un-fortunately, led, in part, by people on the other side of the aisle, to stop something so fundamentally American as the unfettered right to participate in our democracy by voting. Today we are going to explore some of the history connected to the Voting Rights Act of 1965, widely regarded as one of the most significant pieces of legislation ever enacted by this august body. Of course, we know that, in 2013, in the Shelby County v. Holder decision, the Supreme Court effectively gutted section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, widely known as the preclearance pro-vision, in a manner that has adversely impacted the ability of voting rights advocates and others to protect the ability of people to participate without obstacle or obstruction. It is my honor, as one of the anchors of the Congressional Black Caucus Spe-cial Order, to join in that responsi-bility with my coanchor, who, from the moment which she arrived in the Con-gress, has been a tremendous force for the district that she represents, a voice for the voiceless, someone who is both fierce in her beliefs, but willing to reach out to others across the aisle in order to get things done on behalf of the American people. It is now my honor and my privilege to yield to my distinguished colleague from Ohio, Representative J
OYCE  B
EATTY . Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise this evening proud to stand with my coanchor, my classmate, the gen-tleman from the Eighth Congressional District of New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). I say to the gentleman that I look for-ward to tonight’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, Congressman J
EFFRIES  and I, along with our colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus, will have scholarly debate on how our de-mocracy is in crises because of the as-sault on the right to vote in America. As we just heard from Mr. J
EFFRIES  and we will hear from others, voting is the voice of the people. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 passed with bipar-tisan support, established strong Fed-eral protections for the freedom to vote, banning or limiting many of the discriminatory election policies and practices of the Jim Crow South. Combined with subsequent legisla-tion such as the National Voter Reg-istration Act, which requires State agencies to provide opportunities for voter registration, the Voting Rights Act has helped our Nation make sig-nificant progress in boosting voting for African Americans and other histori-cally marginalized groups. But we find ourselves, Mr. Speaker, today facing our first Presidential elec-tion in 50 years without the full protec-tion of the Voting Rights Act. As Mr. JEFFRIES referenced in Shelby, the Supreme Court decision re-versed over 50 years of progress made to expand access to the voting booth and opened a pathway to new voting laws that discriminate against African American voters. As a result of Shelby, new voting re-strictions have been put in place in 22 States, 18 of them, Mr. Speaker, Repub-lican-led since 2010, making it harder for millions of Americans to exercise their right to vote. The way States have been able to re-duce the voting power of minority com-munities and put in place new voting restrictions in an effort to make it harder for millions of Americans to vote is appalling. Mr. Speaker, our democracy is in cri-sis. Our right to vote is under assault. Mr. Speaker, why would we want to make it harder for Americans to vote? I believe we should be making it easi-er for Americans to have access to the ballot box. But, apparently, some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do not agree. We need to put forth a vote on the Voting Rights Act now. New laws range from strict photo ID requirements to early voting cutbacks, to registration restriction. Among these 16 States with new vot-ing restrictions is my home State of Ohio. In Ohio, in 2014, lawmakers cut 6 days of early voting and eliminated the golden week, during which voters could register and cast a ballot all in one trip, Mr. Speaker. Of course, Ohio is not alone in its ef-forts to make it harder for Americans to vote. Mr. Speaker, the freedom to vote is one of America’s most constitu-tionally guaranteed rights, and it should be easily accessible to those who want to exercise it. That is why I am honored this Con-gress to serve as the deputy vice chair of the newly created Congressional Voting Rights Caucus, a caucus dedi-cated to protecting our democracy by ensuring the fundamental right to vote is safeguarded for all Americans. However, after a longstanding tradi-tion of bipartisanship on voting protec-tions, House Republicans now refuse to bring either bill to the floor for a vote. This is unthinkable, Mr. Speaker. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 has been reauthorized with bipartisan support five times. Congress has a duty to en-sure elections are free and transparent so that all eligible voters feel com-fortable and welcome. I would echo President Obama’s Feb-ruary 13, 2013, statement on the Voting Rights Act, and let me quote: ‘‘We must all do our part to make sure our God-given rights are protected . . . That includes one of the most fun-damental right of a democracy: the right to vote. When any American, no matter where they live or what their party, are denied that right . . . we are betraying our ideals.’’ There are 168 days until the Presi-dential election, and our democracy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.109 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2947 May 23, 2016 
still has far too many missing voices, particularly among those who are al-ready at a disadvantage due to deeply rooted racial and class barriers in our society. We must ensure that voter suppres-sion is not the new normal. In order to have a truly vibrant democracy, the United States must take steps to en-sure inclusive voting by reducing bar-riers to voting. Efforts to suppress voting turnout undermine democracy, and those ef-forts, Mr. Speaker, are on the wrong side of history. As I close, Mr. Speaker, the time is now. I am calling on all people, includ-ing our community and national lead-ers, to join me in working to eliminate voter suppression and to restore what so many people fought for, marched for, died for. Mr. Speaker, that is the Voting Rights Act. Human rights organizations like the NAACP and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights have been at the forefront of these issues along with my colleagues, members of the Congressional Black Caucus, encour-aging and training poll workers and poll protectors. It is up to all of us, Mr. Speaker, to protect the most at risk among us and to expand opportunity for all. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-guished gentlewoman for making sev-eral extremely important observations about the urgency of restoring the Vot-ing Rights Act, of Congress voting up or down. All we are asking for is for Members of this House to act on bipartisan legis-lation that has been introduced in this Congress that would respond to the Su-preme Court’s decision, adopt a new coverage formula, and allow us to move forward in advance of this consequen-tial Presidential election with a sys-tem that we can all be confident in will fairly allow everyone who wants to vote the opportunity to vote. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and my privilege to yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, someone who had a distinguished record prior to his service in the House as a jurist on the bench as a civil rights lawyer in North Carolina and has continued his fight here on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives for the last 10 years on be-half of fairness, justice, and equality, particularly in his capacity as chair-man of the Congressional Black Cau-cus. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding time this evening, and I thank him for his incredible work not just in the Congressional Black Caucus, but on behalf of the people that he represents in that great bor-ough of Brooklyn, New York. And I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for all the work that she does. She is an incredible lead-er in this Congress, and we appreciate her so very much. I want to thank my colleagues for se-lecting the topic for discussion tonight. It is certainly an appropriate topic. There are so many of us who have been working on enforcement and ex-tension of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. They are too numerous to mention, but I will certainly single out Congressman JOHNLEWIS, Congresswoman T ERRI SE-
WELL , Congressman Mark Veasey, Con-gressman J
OHN CONYERS , Congress-woman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, and so many others, who have just worked tirelessly to enforce the right to vote not just for African Americans, but for all Americans. b2030 Mr. Speaker, on August 6, 1965—and I remember it so very well; it was a few days after I had graduated from high school—this Congress, this House of Representatives where we are seated tonight, and the Senate, which is just a few steps down the hall, together passed the Voting Rights Act. This act was signed by the President of the United States immediately, and it has had a profound impact on empowering African American communities all across the country to participate in the electoral process. Prior to the Voting Rights Act, it was a sad state of affairs, Mr. J
EFFRIES , in North Carolina, in South Carolina, and in Alabama. It was a very sad state of affairs. In order to register to vote, one had to be able to read and to write. But not just that. They had to be able to satisfy a registrar. In all cases, it was a White registrar. African Amer-ican citizens had to satisfy a registrar who, in many cases, discriminated that he or she was competent and able to be able to read and to write; and, in most instances, those would-be voters were denied the right to vote. In addition to that, laws were passed all across the South that disenfran-chised minority groups. Redistricting schemes were drawn to disenfranchise, at-large elections and staggered terms and all of the rest. So there was a ne-cessity—a necessity—Congressman, for the Voting Rights Act. It was just not a good idea; it was actually a necessity in order to enforce the right to vote. Congress enacted this tool, and it has been very effective. One of the most effective parts of the Voting Rights Act—there are many parts of the Voting Rights Act. Section 2 is that part that gives minority com-munities the right to bring lawsuits, and that applies to every county in the United States. It is a permanent law. It is on the books permanently. It also eliminated the literacy tests. But there is another provision that kind of goes unnoticed from time to time, and it is called section 5. Section 5 is an oversight provision. It gives the Federal Government the right to preclear election changes before they go into effect to determine whether or not these changes would have a dis-criminatory result in their community. Section 5, Mr. Speaker, does not apply to every county in America. Sec-tion 5 only applies to certain States that had a long history of voter dis-crimination. In my State, for example, North Carolina, the whole State was not included under section 5. Only 40 counties were included for preclearance. So it has been a good law, and it has worked quite well. As the previous speaker said, it has been extended from time to time. But, Mr. Speaker, on June 25, 2013, the Supreme Court ruled that section 5—first of all, the Supreme Court ruled that section 5 is a proper exercise of legislative authority. But the Supreme Court surprised us. It determined that the formula used to determine which counties or which States should be sub-ject to section 5 is outdated. The Court suggested that it needed fixing. So the Court called on us here in this Congress to fix it, and the Congres-sional Black Caucus has been fighting every day since that Court decision to try to put together a bipartisan agree-ment to fix the formula. No one in this Congress has worked harder than Congresswoman TERRI SE-
WELL of Alabama. Her bill is now pend-ing before this House, and we need to fix the formula, and we need to do it now. When you look at the 2013 discrimi-natory election law changes and the 2011 legislative and congressional redis-tricting, you must conclude—anyone must conclude—that there is a con-certed effort in many parts of the coun-try to disenfranchise particular groups of voters from participating in the process. The absence of section 5 protection allows States—allows States, my State included—to pass discriminatory laws that disenfranchise African American voters and other groups. We have seen these laws enacted in State after State all across the country. On July 25, 2013, Mr. J
EFFRIES , the North Carolina General Assembly passed—now, remember, the Supreme Court decision was June 25, 2013—30 days later. I don’t know why they didn’t do it 30 days earlier. Well, I do know why, and that is because there was a section 5. But after section 5 was suspended by the Supreme Court, 30 days later, the general assembly passed a sweeping voting law that discrimi-nates not only against African Ameri-cans, but other minority groups. It dis-criminates against students and sen-iors. This law has also cut back on early voting. That is a big deal in our com-munities. It cut back on early voting by a week and barred same-day voter registration. The law went into effect upon passage, and there is no oversight in section 5 to protect us. This is disappointing. This law is re-gressive and absolutely disgusting. We have to let our State lawmakers know that our voices matter and that all citizens—all citizens—in this country should be able to participate in democ-racy through unfettered access to the ballot box. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.111 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2948 May 23, 2016 
So, in closing, the Congressional Black Caucus, of which I am honored to chair, vows to continue our fight to restore section 5 of the Voting Rights Act to stop the assault on access to the ballot box because every citizen de-serves the right to vote. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus for his elo-quent words and for explaining the practical realities of the Supreme Court’s decision to strike down the coverage formula and effectively inval-idate section 5 and the implications that that has had on people all across the country, in North Carolina and be-yond. I also note that the Voting Rights Act in section 5 and the coverage for-mula in section 4, upon passage in 1965, didn’t just impact States in the South. There are five counties in New York City that constitute the Big Apple, and three of those counties in the Bronx, Manhattan, and Brooklyn, were cov-ered by section 5. We recognize that there had been challenges all across the country with respect to the right to vote, and many of us, even beyond the South, have now lost that critical protection. That is why it is time for Congress to act. I thank the chairman for his contin-ued leadership. It is now my honor to yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from the great State of Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). She has been a tremendous proponent of the right to vote. We were all in awe of her leadership last year when we were down in Selma, Alabama, to com-memorate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday and are thankful for all that she continues to do to uphold that great American tradition that sprang forth from that small city down in Ala-bama where the distinguished gentle-woman hails from. She currently is a sponsor—the lead sponsor—of the Vot-ing Rights Advancement Act, which would fix the problem that the Su-preme Court created. It is now my honor to yield to Rep-resentative T
ERRI SEWELL . Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to commend my distin-guished colleague from New York and my distinguished colleague, the gentle-woman from Ohio, for this wonderful hour of power on voting. It is my great honor to stand with them, to rise today and to join with my CBC colleagues to discuss the reckless Republican assault on the right to vote in America. We began tonight by bringing atten-tion to the ever-evolving crisis brewing in our democracy. Since the Supreme Court in the Shelby decision gutted the preclearance provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, there has been noth-ing short of an assault on the right to vote—the most sacred right to vote. This 2016 election will be the first time in my lifetime and, I daresay, in the lifetime of the gentleman from New York, that we will have a Presidential election in which there will not be the full protections of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. As the gentleman so rightly acknowl-edged, I welcomed, in 2015, 100 Members of Congress, both Republican and Democratic, to my hometown of Selma, Alabama, in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the historic Bloody Sunday march from Selma to Mont-gomery, where people shed blood and tears. Our own colleague, JOHNLEWIS, was bludgeoned on that bridge, the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge, 50-some years ago in order to have the right to vote for all Americans. On that day, Republicans and Demo-crats held hands as we crossed the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge one more time, as J
OHNLEWIS likes to say, this time on the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. We all had a Kumbaya moment, if you will, but we came back to Congress and did nothing to try to restore the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965. I ask my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, have we really gone so far in the last 10 years? After all, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was amended and reauthorized five times, most recently in 2006 under a Republican President, President George Bush, who was with us on that glorious day on the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery march to make sure that his support for the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 was there. So I say to you, in 10 years since 2006 when we reauthorized the Voting Rights Act of 1965, overwhelmingly, in both Houses of Congress—overwhelm-ingly—we reauthorized the Voting Rights Act for 25 years. Had it not been for the Shelby decision which gutted section 5, which provided that preclearance formula, and made the full protections of the Voting Rights Act null and void, we would still be liv-ing under a regime where, as the gen-tleman so rightfully said, it was not only the Deep South States that were part of the coverage formula, but New York was part of the coverage formula as well. So the Supreme Court, in the Shelby decision, really issued a challenge to Congress to come up with a modern- day formula. The challenge was that we shouldn’t hold States like Alabama and the Deep South for past discrimi-nations that were so long ago, back in the 1950s and the 1960s and the 1940s, but, rather, we should come up with a modern-day formula. The Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015 does just that. I was privileged to introduce that bill along with my colleagues L
INDA SA´NCHEZ and J UDY C
HU; and Senator L EAHY , on the Senate side, introduced that bill. It has a lookback not since the 1950s or 1960s, but it has a lookback of 25 years, since 1990 going forward. It says that if there have been five violations, statewide violations, that a State would be, then, opted in to preclearance if they had five. Do you know, Mr. Speaker, that not 1, but 13 States have had violations of voting discrimination over the last 25 years? Those States include California, New York, Arizona, Alabama, Mis-sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Florida. Thirteen States would actually fall under the rubric. I think that it is really telling that we, in 2016, saw such long lines wrapped around Maricopa County, Arizona, most recently in March, during their Presidential election primary in March. Do you know why? Because Maricopa County used to be covered under the coverage formula for the 1965 Voting Rights Act; and since it no longer has any teeth and has been gut-ted, they could summarily close down polling stations. It shouldn’t surprise you, Mr. Speak-er, that in 2008, Maricopa County had 800 polling stations, in 2012 it went down to 400 polling stations, and for 2016, 60 polling stations—and those 60 polling stations covered the whole county of Maricopa County, Phoenix, Arizona. It was clearly not enough to get all of the folks who wanted to vote to be able to vote. They could close down those polling stations without any advance notification because there was no more Voting Rights Act of 1965. My own State of Alabama was one of those States that, after the Shelby de-cision, decided to institute a photo ID law. So many of my constituents came up to me and said: We need a photo ID to get on the plane these days. We need a photo ID to get a passport. Why shouldn’t we need a photo? How is that in some way discriminatory? I had to remind many of our con-stituents that so many of our elderly, especially in the rural communities that I represent, many of whom were born by midwives, don’t have birth cer-tificates and can’t actually readily prove a birth certificate in order to get a photo ID law. Some seniors and those who are disabled, like my father who no longer drives, therefore, he doesn’t have a driver’s license. He was a nine- time stroke victim—actually, a sur-vivor. He is still with us today. But my dad was determined to get that photo ID in 2014 when Alabama’s law came into effect. He was highly motivated, Mr. Speaker, because his daughter’s name was on a ballot, and he wanted to be able to vote. I want you to know that it took my dad 5 hours to get a photo ID. Now, if that is not a barrier—you say to yourself: Five hours. Why would it take 5 hours? Well, Dallas County Courthouse is a courthouse that actually was grand-fathered into the ADA laws and so did not have to have a ramp by which peo-ple who have wheelchairs can get read-ily into the courthouse. It had been grandfathered in. We were very blessed to have a gentleman help us get my dad up those seven stairs into the courthouse. But when we got into the courthouse, because the voter registra-tion was on the second floor, we had to take an elevator upstairs. b2045 Lo and behold, that particular day, the one elevator bank was what? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.112 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2949 May 23, 2016 
Actually out of service. Out of serv-ice. Now, my mom, having been a former member of the City Council in Selma and, obviously, a very well-known member of the citizens of Selma, she could go across the hall and talk to the probate judge’s office and say: Look, we are here today to get this photo ID, this nondriving photo voter ID, so that my husband can vote. It took 1
1⁄2hours, but they got some-one to service that elevator. And by the time that elevator was working and we got up to the second floor, lo and behold, it was 11:30. And guess what? Lunchtime. Now, I say to you, Mr. Speaker, we no longer have to count how many marbles are in a jar, we no longer have to recite all 67 counties in the State of Alabama in order to get a voter reg-istration card, but we should not in America have to go through so many hoops in order to exercise the most fundamental right, the most sacred right of our democracy—the right to vote. And I say to you, Mr. Speaker, that any denial of access to the ballot box, to me, totally obfuscates and really un-dermines the integrity of the electoral process. If one person who wants to go out and vote has to stand in line for hours upon hours and can’t actually physically stand in line because they have other obligations like children and day care and jobs, then it is unfair. We are actually limiting access to the ballot box, which actually goes to the integrity of our electoral process. It is fundamental to our democracy. So I say to you tonight, I am honored to join my CBC colleagues as we fight for the opportunity of all Americans to have equal access to the ballot box. Mr. Speaker, my State of Alabama, after having a photo ID requirement and during the State budgetary proc-ess, had the gall to actually decide to close down 30 Department of Motor Ve-hicle offices, which, as all of us know, the most popular form of photo ID is a driver’s license. So to actually require a citizen to have a photo ID and then to close down DMV offices in rural parts of my district in the State of Ala-bama was really unconscionable. Mr. JEFFRIES. Isn’t it the case that a disproportionately high number of those DMV offices that the State of Alabama just happened to decide to close were in predominantly African American parts of the State of Ala-bama? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. They were. Those DMV offices, as the gentleman from New York so aptly recited, were mostly located in heavily African American parts of the State of Ala-bama, but they were also predomi-nantly rural parts of the State of Ala-bama. Those same areas have a hard time having transportation, public transportation, to get around in those areas. They said, of course, that the reason why they were closing down these DMV offices had nothing to do with voting, of course, but had to do with the fact that there were serious budgetary re-straints. Obviously, one of the con-sequences of the closures of those DMV offices was to limit access to those peo-ple getting photo IDs, the most popular form of photo ID, which is a driver’s li-cense, and, therefore, limiting their ability to go vote. I did speak with our Governor, and he did open up those DMV offices on a limited basis, but only on a limited basis. And I say to you that it is unac-ceptable in America to have any limi-tations on the right to vote. I really ask all of my colleagues, es-pecially those who have come to Selma over the years with J
OHN LEWIS on these pilgrimages, to really search deep in their hearts. If they are really about access to the ballot box and being able to make sure that all Ameri-cans have an opportunity to exercise this fundamental right, then why would we not make it easier for people to vote? Instead of going the way of Alabama and having these photo ID laws, it seems to me that all of us should be adopting laws like the State of Oregon, which has mail-in ballots and same-day registration. There are ways that we can make it much easier for every American to exercise that most funda-mental right to vote. So tonight I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join in with the 168 cosponsors of the Voting Rights Advancement Act, and join us in this fight to make sure that we do a mod-ern-day formula, a modern-day for-mula, with a look back, since 1990 going forward, to look at whether or not there have been discriminatory acts that have limited people’s access to the ballot box. I also ask my colleagues to join us every Tuesday that we are in session. We have declared it to be Restoration Tuesday. And on those Tuesdays, since Tuesdays are the days that we vote, we go to the well of the floor, and we talk about why it is important to restore the vote. So I want to thank my colleagues, the gentleman from New York and the gentlewoman from Ohio, for leading us in this charge tonight. I hope that it will spill over to tomorrow, which is Restoration Tuesday, where we can really talk about the modern-day ex-amples of people being denied access to the ballot box because of people’s in-ability to actually get the credentials that people require them to have, or because they have to work late. They don’t have the ability to be able to drop everything and go and vote and stand in long lines if those polling sta-tions have been closed. I say all this to say that it is really imperative, I think, that we put real action behind our talk. We do a lot of talking about our democracy and up-holding our Constitution. This is an op-portunity for this august body to actu-ally do something about it. In closing, I want to quote one of our Republican colleagues, who has been in this fight for a very long time, Repub-lican Congressman SENSENBRENNER  from Wisconsin, who I think really best summed it up when he wrote in an op- ed in the New York Times after wit-nessing those long lines in Maricopa County, Arizona, the following: ‘‘Ensuring that every eligible voter can cast a ballot without fear, deter-rence, and prejudice is a basic Amer-ican right. I would rather lose my job than suppress votes to keep it.’’ I have to repeat that. ‘‘I would rather lose my job than sup-press votes to keep it.’’ My Republican colleague went on to say: ‘‘Our credibility as elected officials depends on the fairness of our elec-tions.’’ Mr. Speaker, voting rights transcend partisan agendas. It really solidifies that equality in voting is the Demo-cratic way. I ask my colleagues to join all of us in this fight, this fight for our democ-racy. This crisis that we are in is a cri-sis that we can fix in Congress by com-ing up with a modern-day formula. We already have several bills in the House. Congressmen S
ENSENBRENNER  and C
ONYERS introduced the Voting Rights Amendment Act. I have intro-duced the Voting Rights Advancement Act. There are several bills—two bills, in fact—that would actually come up with a modern-day formula. I dare this august body to actually act on one. I am here to tell you that the American people will be stronger, and this Repub-lic will be stronger, because of it. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Alabama, my good friend, T
ERRI SE-
WELL , for a very compelling, com-prehensive, and complete analysis of the situation that we find ourselves in in the practical consequences of the Supreme Court’s decision. And the fact that there are people all across this country, in Alabama, and in other parts of this great Republic, who are determined to elevate themselves by suppressing the ability of others to participate in the Democratic process, that is a shame, it is a stain on our de-mocracy, and it is time for this Con-gress to act. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ), my class-mate and good friend, who himself has been championing the issue of fair re-districting, who has personally been impacted in terms of his capacity as a representative, to make sure that lines are fairly drawn, and most recently has announced the formulation of the Vot-ing Rights Caucus here in the Con-gress. He has been a tremendous leader in this area. A great Member of the House of Representatives. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES from New York and Congresswoman J
OYCE  B
EATTY from Ohio for everything that they are doing on raising this issue to-night. It is very timely, considering ev-erything that we are going through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.115 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2950 May 23, 2016 
right now. When you think about the Voting Rights Act, it is literally the single most important piece of legisla-tion that has ever been passed in the history of the United States as it deals with an individual’s right to vote. But as you know, 3 years ago, the Su-preme Court regressed and sent us back by gutting section 4 of the Voting Rights Act. Not only was that bad be-cause it hurt the Voting Rights Act, but it was also bad because of every-thing that it did to propel States around the country from also retrogressing and sending us back in the area of voting rights. You are starting to hear so many sto-ries of States and localities that are passing more and more laws to restrict the right to vote, making it harder for young people to vote—seniors, the dis-abled, people that move around a lot and are transient, people that don’t necessarily have the money that they need in order to obtain the proper iden-tification. And you heard Congresswoman S
E-
WELL when she so eloquently talked about the fact that oftentimes, par-ticularly in the South, people were born by midwives. We have a lot of baby boomers that are out there. Peo-ple think these things happened a long time ago. That is the thing that you hear all the time. But there are people that are living here today, a lot of baby boomers, that were born down in the piney woods of east Texas, that were born in other parts of the South, that don’t have the proper documentation that they need in order to be able to vote. I have met people since I have been involved in campaigns and elections and as an elected official that didn’t have the proper ID to vote. I have to tell you that there are many of them out there. Just hours after the Supreme Court made the decision in 2013 that my home State of Texas implemented the most egregious voter ID law in the en-tire country, just hours after the Su-preme Court gutted section 4, they moved to reimplement the law. That was very disappointing, considering that an appeals court had already said that the voter ID law in Texas was one of the worst in the country. Mr. JEFFRIES. Isn’t it a fact that the case as it relates to that particular ID law in Texas, that individuals are able to vote if they have a gun license identification card, but are not able to vote under that draconian Texas law with a college ID? Mr. VEASEY. That is correct. If you have an ID that is issued to you by the University of Texas, or Texas A&M, or Prairie View A&M University, that same ID, that same student ID that can be used to identify yourself to campus police officers, that can be used to identify yourself for other things that you would need an ID for, it will not work in order for you to go and vote. But if you have a concealed handgun li-cense, then you can vote. Concealed handgun licenses are mostly used by White males in the State. It is really unfair that a more diverse form of ID, like the student ID, is not allowed under Texas laws. That was one of the reasons why I be-came the lead plaintiff on the voter ID lawsuit, Congressman JEFFRIES . It is Veasey v. Abbott. We are going to con-tinue to fight. We just got news today that the Fifth Circuit Court is going to take up our case. I am going to con-tinue to work here in Congress, con-tinue to work in Texas, continue to work in the Dallas-Fort Worth area to protect the voting rights of individuals that have been wronged. I also want to point out that, again, you oftentimes hear people say that we have progressed as a country and we don’t need these laws. But when you look at what is going on in Texas and when you look at what is going on across the South, I just think we can’t sit back anymore. We can’t sit back and be idle and say: Oh, no, well, we are doing a little bit better, so these people that are going to be discrimi-nated against—the transients, the col-lege students, the people that don’t necessarily have their birth docu-mentation in order like other people may have—we just can’t sit back and say we are going to just move on and forget about them. We have to fight for those individuals as well because it is their right to vote, and we must pro-tect it. In 2016, I just think we should be making it easier for citizens to vote. We should be talking about things like same-day registration. We should be working together, Democrats and Re-publicans, on ways to ease lines when it comes to voting in places. We should be looking at ways that we can make it to where we have more days to vote early. You are starting to hear about laws around the country to scale back the number of in-person early voting days. I just think that is wrong. Again, I want to thank you for your leadership on this issue. I also want to thank you for pointing out that I have introduced the first Congressional Vot-ing Rights Caucus to help aid and fight in the battle, along with so many other task forces and organizations that are here in Congress that are working on those issues. b2100 We want to continue to make sure together again—and we need to do it in a bipartisan manner—that we all pro-tect the right to vote. I thank the gentleman and the Con-gresswoman from Ohio, Representative B
EATTY , for their work and passion on this issue. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank my good friend for his leadership on this very important issue and for the steps that he has taken both here in Congress, with the initiation of the Voting Rights Caucus, as well as down in Texas as the lead plaintiff in the Veasey v. Abbott lawsuit to challenge the voter ID requirements—the draco-nian requirements—that have been im-posed by the State of Texas. It should shock the conscience of every American that a State would im-pose a restriction that allows licensed gun owners to vote who disproportion-ately happen to be of a certain demo-graphic—white male—but would deny the legitimacy of IDs that the State of Texas itself issues. Texas A&M, the University of Texas at Austin, the University of Houston, and other institutions are all public universities, and these individuals— these students—pay tuition to go to these public universities, and, in re-sponse, they are issued identification vehicles, identification cards, but the State of Texas has seen fit to say that that is not valid in order to vote. I think that one example—and we have heard several others—basically exposes the fact that the movement to impose voter identification require-ments is fraud in itself. It is a sham. The whole argument behind it is that: We are trying to protect the in-tegrity of the voting system. But here is the problem: you are protecting the integrity of the voting system by im-posing a solution in search of a prob-lem because none of these individuals in any of these States has been able to produce a scintilla of evidence of fraud. In fact, there are studies that have shown that there have been over a bil-lion instances of Americans exercising their right to vote without any evi-dence of misrepresentation—over a bil-lion times. The number of instances of questionable voting is less than 50; yet, in State after State, we see voter iden-tification laws being imposed on the people. It is not designed to protect the in-tegrity of anything. It is designed to protect certain individuals and main-tain their power in the face of trou-bling demographic changes that are oc-curring in America. Let’s call it like it is. Let me ask the Chair how much time we have remaining in this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, let me now yield to someone who has been a tremendous champion from the great State of Texas in representing her peo-ple in Houston and is a phenomenal member of the Judiciary Committee, Representative SHEILA JACKSON LEE. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank the distinguished gentleman from New York, who shows that the issues of voter empowerment are nationwide. Let me also thank the gentlewoman from Ohio, who has been steadfast on important issues that deal with the empowerment of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I note that my col-league from Texas made his presen-tation, Congressman V
EASEY , who ev-eryone knows was the plaintiff in Texas for the voter ID law. I wanted to come this evening very briefly to, one, submit a full statement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.116 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2951 May 23, 2016 
into the R ECORD and to make this point. And let me read the headline or the topic again: Democracy in Crisis: The Reckless Republican Assault on the Right to Vote in America. It did not have to be, for it is evident that we have dealt with voter em-powerment in a bipartisan way. It is the very difficult journey that Lyndon Baines Johnson took in 1965 after the foot soldiers and Dr. Martin Luther King and others made their momentous march and statement, including a let-ter from a Birmingham jail that cap-tured the history or the sentiment and the movement of the civil rights move-ment in the very basic words: Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. With that power behind him, he was able to frame the Voting Rights Act in a bipartisan manner with Republicans from the North and with whom we used to call Dixiecrats from the South. It can be done. Then, in 2006 and 2007, I was privi-leged to have another Texan, George W. Bush, as a member of the House Ju-diciary Committee, after 15,000 pages of testimony with a Republican chair-man, and we went and passed a vote re-authorization of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Let me close with these points about the pointedness, Mr. J
EFFRIES , of what voting power actually means. What it means is that we would not have the North Carolina set of voting laws, if you will, that cut Sunday vot-ing or early voting. It had one of the most horrific voter ID laws. We would not have the Texas voter ID law that disenfranchised thousands upon thousands of Hispanics because of no DPS officers—Department of Public Safety officers—in their locations. We would not have an attempt to cut billions of dollars from food stamps and an attempt to cut trillions of dollars from education for our children and the status that we are in right now of try-ing to seek the full funding of the President’s emergency funding of $1.9 billion for the Zika virus. This is what ‘‘voting power’’ means. Finally, after the Supreme Court in-structed the Congress or told the Con-gress that we needed to have a new bill, we would not have the predicament we are in now. We need voting power, and that is what voting rights are all about. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my col-leagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY (D–OH) who are anchoring this Special Order on Democ-racy in America and the Reckless Assault on Minority Voting Rights. I thank all of my colleagues on the Congres-sional Black Caucus for their leadership on fighting back against voter suppression and holding this important special order to discuss what we can do to protect our voices and de-mocracy. I applaud my colleagues here today for their commitment to being the change that we all wish to see in America—today and for genera-tions to come. I also want to thank my colleague from Texas, Mr. VEASEY for his leadership in form-ing the Voting Rights Caucus. As a Vice Co- Chair, I look forward to working with the Mem-bers of this new Caucus and my colleagues of the CBC Voting Rights Task Force as we con-tinue in this movement to elevate our voices and rights as citizens that we have long fought for and earned. We are at a pivotal time to protect and em-brace the power that we hold in restoring and maintaining our democracy. The 2016 election season is already in full swing. As voters in a number of states face new restrictions for the first time in a presidential election, we’ve already seen problems in pri-maries across the country. A new photo ID requirement led to long lines in Wisconsin. A reduction in polling places forced some to wait five hours to vote in Arizona. New rules created confusion in North Carolina. And in my home state of Texas, last minute changes to polling locations in Harris County resulted in long lines, confusion and for some, the inability to vote. The challenge of voting in fewer polling lo-cations without adequate notice, along with the implementation of long-contested voter ID law changes, created unnecessary and bur-densome obstacles for voters in a county that is home to more minorities and non-English speaking residents than that of greater state of Texas or the nation. In a county that ranks third in the nation in terms of population, critical changes impacting the ability of individuals to exercise their right to vote must be reviewed to ensure that any violation of federal law is addressed and cor-rected. This could be an early glimpse of problems in November—as voters face the first presi-dential election in 50 years without the full pro-tections of the Voting Rights Act, which was designed to prevent discrimination in voting. In 2016, 17 states will have restrictive voting laws in effect for the first time in a presidential election. Restrictions in most of these 17 were passed before this year. The new measures range from strict photo ID requirements to early voting cutbacks to registration restrictions. Those 17 states are: Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Mississippi, Ne-braska, New Hampshire, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and Wisconsin. We cannot afford to turn back the clock—we must continue to forge ahead and push back against these egregious and painful laws. The Voting Rights Act is still needed. Let me put it this way: in the same way that the vaccine invented by Dr. Jonas Salk in 1953 eradicated the crippling effects but could not eliminate the cause of polio, the Voting Rights Act succeeded in stymying the prac-tices that resulted in the wholesale disenfran-chisement of African Americans and language minorities but did not eliminate entirely. Or as Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg stated in her dissent of the Court’s ruling: 
Throwing out preclearance when it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet. As stated by my predecessor, Barbara Jor-dan, a civil rights and voting rights icon and a woman of many firsts—I know that perhaps the greatest and most important battle to be fought is on behalf of the right to vote, the most precious right of all because it is a pre-servative and passage of all other rights. We must be vigilant in this movement to elevate our voices and rights as citizens that we have long fought for and earned. Fifty years ago, America was preparing for the first national election following passage of the Voting Rights Act—the crucial legislation for which Martin Luther King, Jr. and civil rights activists toiled for years. Today, we’re preparing for our first election in half a century in which these essential voter protections will not be available. Voting rights were ascendant in 1966— today voter suppression tactics are spreading throughout the nation. Congress was increasingly an ally in 1966— now in 2016, it’s conspicuously absent. Regressive state voter suppression laws— including Voter ID laws, Voter caging, elimi-nation of polling places, elimination of early or Sunday voting, refusal to locate sites in low-in-come areas, last-minute changes to polling lo-cations—are the clear culprits. In the immediate aftermath of the Supreme Court’s disastrous Shelby ruling—which elimi-nated the requirement that areas with histories of discrimination receive preclearance for any changes to voting laws—there was hope that Congress would act to mitigate the damage. But those hopes have been diminished. There has been no Congressional action to repair the VRA to date. At face value, a voter ID law might not look as egregious as a poll tax. But, considering the hurdles that they present—including the need to procure a birth certificate or visit a far-away DMV during se-verely-limited operating hours—the obstacles are comparable. These laws are especially prohibitive for el-derly or low-income people who have difficulty traveling. Recent studies reveal that state voter sup-pression could stop approximately 1.3 million from voting in competitive election states. Thirty-six states have promulgated new laws that disproportionately impact minority citizens in response to fabricated issue of ‘‘voter im-personation.’’ Sixteen of these states will see their plans go into effect for the first time in the 2016 elections. An analysis by Nate Silver for the New York Times shows that these laws can decrease turnout by between 0.8 and 2.4 percent—a potentially decisive amount in highly competi-tive elections. As The Nation’s Ari Berman and others have methodically reported, the efforts to sup-press votes through Voter ID laws, the purging of voter rolls, and the elimination of polling places are already having their impacts. The 2016 primaries have been marked by long lines in several states and severe hurdles to voting. According to Ari Berman, voters disenfranchised by new laws include: a man born in a German concentration camp who lost his birth certificate in a fire; a woman who lost use of her hands but was not allowed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.118 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2952 May 23, 2016 
use her daughter as power of attorney at the DMV; and a 90-year-old veteran of Iwo Jima, who was not allowed to vote with his Veterans ID. We need to translate widespread outrage about voter suppression into momentum for an actionable voting rights agenda. While proponents of voter ID laws point con-stantly to a looming ‘‘crisis’’ of voter imperson-ation to justify barriers to accessing the polls, they’ve yet to demonstrate empirical evidence. Where is the proof? We now have empirical evidence, gathered from academic experts at University of Cali-fornia at San Diego and other leading institu-tions, that voter suppression laws dispropor-tionately impact minorities and immigrants. Fixing the VRA is just the start of the fight to secure voting rights. We must also deal with issues including aging and insecure voting machines, problems with absentee ballots, willful misinformation, felon disenfranchisement, partisan election ad-ministration, untrained election staff, and many others. As we know, the Voting Rights Act is one of the most fundamental pieces of American leg-islation, designed to prevent the disenfran-chisement of black and minority voters by pro-hibiting voting practices and procedures that discriminate on the basis of race, color, or membership in a language minority group. In signing the Voting Rights Act on August 6, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson said: 
The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injus-tice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. 
Since its passage in 1965, and through four reauthorizations signed by Republican presi-dents (1970, 1975, 1982, 2006), more Ameri-cans, especially those in the communities we represent, have been empowered by the Vot-ing Rights Act than any other single piece of legislation. Section 5 of the Act requires covered juris-dictions to submit proposed changes to any voting law or procedure to the Department of Justice or the U.S. District Court in Wash-ington, D.C. for pre-approval, hence the term ‘‘preclearance.’’ Under Section 5, the submitting jurisdiction has the burden of proving that the proposed change(s) are not retrogressive, i.e. that they do not have the purpose and will not have the effect of denying or abridging the right to vote on account of race or color. In announcing his support for the 1982 ex-tension of the Voting Rights Act, President Reagan said, ‘‘the right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties.’’ And Section 5 is the ‘‘crown jewel’’ of the Voting Rights Act. But a terrible blow was dealt to the Voting Rights Act on June 25, 2013, when the Su-preme Court handed down the decision in Shelby County v. Holder, 537 U.S. 193 (2013), which invalidated Section 4(b), the provision of the law determining which jurisdictions would be subject to Section 5 ‘‘pre-clearance.’’ In 2006, the City of Calera, which lies within Shelby County, Alabama, enacted a discrimi-natory redistricting plan without complying with Section 5, leading to the loss of the city’s sole African-American councilman, Ernest Mont-gomery. In compliance with Section 5, however, the City of Calera was required to draw a non-discriminatory redistricting plan and conduct another election in which Mr. Montgomery re-gained his seat. In 2010, Shelby County filed suit in federal court in Washington, D.C., seeking to have Section 5 declared unconstitutional. In 2011, the U.S. District Court for the Dis-trict of Columbia upheld the constitutionality of Section 5, holding that Congress acted appro-priately in 2006 when it reauthorized the stat-ute. And in 2012, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit affirmed the district court ruling by a vote of two to one. However, on June 25, 2013, the U.S. Su-preme Court held that Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act, which sets out the formula that is used to determine which state and local gov-ernments must comply with Section 5’s preapproval requirement, is unconstitutional and can no longer be used. Thus, although the Court did not invalidate Section 5, it will have no actual effect unless and until Congress can enact a new statute to determine who should be covered by it. According to the Supreme Court majority, the reason for striking down Section 4(b): ‘‘Times change.’’ Now, the Court was right; times have changed. But what the Court did not fully ap-preciate is that the positive changes it cited are due almost entirely to the existence and vigorous enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. And that is why the Voting Rights Act is still needed. Let me put it this way: in the same way that the vaccine invented by Dr. Jonas Salk in 1953 eradicated the crippling effects but could not eliminate the cause of polio, the Voting Rights Act succeeded in stymying the prac-tices that resulted in the wholesale disenfran-chisement of African Americans and language minorities but did not eliminate entirely. Or as Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg stated in her dissent of the Court’s ruling: 
Throwing out preclearance when it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet. 
Before the Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965, the right to vote did not exist in practice for most African Americans. And until 1975, most American citizens who were not proficient in English faced significant obstacles to voting, because they could not understand the ballot. Even though the Indian Citizenship Act gave Native Americans the right to vote in 1924, state law determined who could actually vote, which effectively excluded many Native Ameri-cans from political participation for decades. Asian Americans and Asian immigrants also suffered systematic exclusion from the political process. In 1964, the year before the Voting Rights Act became law, there were approximately 300 African-Americans in public office, includ-ing just three in Congress. Few, if any, black elected officials were elected anywhere in the South. Because of the Voting Rights Act, there are now more than 10,000 black elected officials, including 46 members of Congress, the largest number ever. The Voting Rights Act opened the political process for many other minorities, including over 6,000 Latino elected officials and almost 1,000 Asian American elected officials. Native Americans and others who have his-torically encountered harsh barriers to full po-litical participation also have benefited greatly. Aided by Section 5, the Voting Rights Act was successful in preventing the states with the worst and most egregious records of voter suppression and intimidation from disenfranchising minority voters. So successful in fact that the Supreme Court apparently saw no harm in invalidating the provision that subjected those states to the federal supervision responsible for the suc-cess it celebrated. Now to be sure, the Supreme Court did not invalidate the preclearance provisions of Sec-tion 5; it only invalidated Section 4(b). But that is like leaving the car undamaged but destroying the key that unlocks the doors and starts the engine. According to the Court, the coverage for-mula in Section 4(b) had to be struck down because the data upon which it was based— registration rates and turn-out gaps—was too old and outdated. But my colleagues in Congress and I re-fused to let the Voting Rights Act die—as states all across the nation had already begun implementing restrictive voting laws that would keep thousands of citizens away from the polls. After months of hard work, consultation, ne-gotiation, and collaboration, we were able to produce the ‘‘Voting Rights Amendment Act’’ which sets out to achieve these goals. I was an original cosponsor when this bill was first introduced in 2014 (H.R. 3899), and again when it was reintroduced in 2015 (H.R. 885). To be sure, this legislation is not perfect, no bill ever is. But—and this is important—the bill rep-resents an important step forward because it: is responsive to the concern expressed by the Supreme Court; and establishes a new cov-erage formula that is carefully tailored but suf-ficiently potent to protect the voting rights of all Americans. First, the Voting Rights Amendment Act specifies a new coverage formula that is based on current problems in voting and therefore directly responds to the Court’s con-cern that the previous formula was outdated. The importance of this feature is hard to overestimate. Legislators and litigators under-stand that the likelihood of the Court upholding an amended statute that fails to correct the provision previously found to be defective is very low and indeed. The Voting Rights Amendment Act replaces the old ‘‘static’’ coverage formula with a new dynamic coverage formula, or ‘‘rolling trigger,’’ which works as follows: For states, it requires at least one finding of discrimination at the state level and at least four adverse findings by its sub-jurisdictions within the previous 15 years; For political subdivisions, it requires at least three adverse findings within the previous 15 years; but Political subdivisions with ‘‘persistent and extremely low a minority voter turnout,’’ can also be covered if they have a single adverse finding of discrimination. The effect of the ‘‘rolling trigger’’ mechanism effectively gives the legislation nationwide reach because any state and any jurisdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.046 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2953 May 23, 2016 
in any state potentially is subject to being cov-ered if the requisite number of violations are found to have been committed. Prior to Shelby Co. v. Holder, the Voting Rights Act covered 16 states in whole or in part, including most of the states in the Deep South. The states that would be covered initially under the new bill are: Texas, North Carolina, Louisiana, Florida, and South Carolina. To compensate for the fact that fewer juris-dictions are covered, our bill also includes several key provisions that are consistent with the needs created by a narrower Section 5 trigger. For example, the Voting Rights Amendment Act: Expands judicial ‘‘bail-in’’ authority under Section 3 so that it applies to voting changes that result in discrimination (not just intentional discrimination); Requires nationwide transparency of ‘‘late breaking’’ voting changes; allocation of poll place resources; and changes within the boundaries of voting districts; Clarifies and expands the ability of plaintiffs to seek a preliminary injunction against voting discrimination; and Clarifies and expands Attorney General’s authority to send election observers to protect against voting discrimination. This bipartisan compromise legislation is not ideal—but on the balance, it represents a step forward as we continue to fight for enforce-ment of our most fundamental right: the right to vote. Additional measures introduced to help pro-tect and enforce our right to vote include the Voter Empowerment Act and the Coretta Scott King Mid-Decade Redistricting Prohibition Act. The Voting Empowerment Act was intro-duced to help ensure equal access to the bal-lot for every eligible voter. The Voting Empowerment Act was designed to protect voters from suppression, deception and other forms of disenfranchisement by modernizing voter registration, promoting ac-cess to voting for individuals with disabilities, and protecting the ability of individuals to exer-cise the right to vote in elections for Federal office. This legislation would expand and protect citizens’ access to the polls and would in-crease accountability and integrity among elected officials and poll workers. It would also expand eligibility to allow all ex-offenders who have been released from prison (even those who may still be on proba-tion on parole) the opportunity to register and vote in federal elections. Outlined in 13 Title sections, this bill prioritizes access, integrity and accountability for voters. I have also introduced H.R. 75 (originally in-troduced in 2013 as H.R. 2490) which pro-hibits any state whose congressional districts have been redistricted after a decennial cen-sus from carrying out another redistricting until after the next decennial census, unless a court requires such state to conduct a subsequent redistricting to comply with the Constitution or enforce the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The Voting Rights Act of 1965 is no ordinary piece of legislation. For millions of Americans, and many of us in Congress, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a sacred treasure, earned by the sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the world it was possible to ac-complish extraordinary things. Please know that I am as committed to the preservation of the Voting Rights Act and I will not rest until the job is done. As I stated in 2006, during the historic de-bate in Congress to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act of 1965: 
I stand today an heir of the Civil Rights Movement, a beneficiary of the Voting Rights Act. I would be breaking faith with those who risked all and gave all to secure for my generation the right to vote if I did not do all I can to strengthen the Voting Rights Act so that it will forever keep open doors that shut out so many for so long. 
With these legislative priorities and prin-ciples at the forefront, I intend to work with my colleagues and advocates to do all I can to protect the voting rights of all Americans. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-guished gentlewoman. The right to vote is fundamental to the integrity of our democracy, and, as Lyndon Baines Johnson said from this very Chamber shortly before the Vot-ing Rights Act was passed into law a few months later, ‘‘We shall over-come.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
1–YEAR ANNIVERSARY FOR JUS-TICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) is recognized for the remain-ing time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the Majority Leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be allowed 5 days to file remarks and revise and extend those remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, May 29, marks the 1-year anni-versary for the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act being signed into law, or the JVTA, as we refer to it. This is a vital piece of legislation that the House and Senate passed and that was signed by the President a year ago that takes this scourge of human slavery that is taking place inter-nationally, but also here in the United States, and Congress weighs in on this to deal with this issue, I think, in a very good way. It is impressive to me as a Member of the House how many Members of Con-gress on both sides were involved in drafting legislation over a year ago that came to the House and passed. In the House itself, there were 11 pieces of legislation that dealt with sex traf-ficking. All of those bills came up to the House floor in the same week, and all of them passed with overwhelming numbers. They went down the hallway to the U.S. Senate. The Senate combined those bills into one bill, and it passed that legislation. It came back to the House, we passed that, and it was signed by the President. I want to thank all of those Members of Con-gress—Republicans and Democrats— who worked on this. Just by way of background, I got in-volved in this issue in several ways. One way was when I was in Eastern Eu-rope several years ago and found out about the human trafficking, sex traf-ficking, and labor trafficking that was taking place in Eastern Europe and how young women were lured into thinking they were going to get a bet-ter job—or have a job—in Africa and the next thing they knew they were in sex slavery in northern Africa. Most of those women just disappeared over the years. Then, back here in the United States, we have the problem of the crime and the scourge of trafficking, and it hap-pens in two areas. There is inter-national sex trafficking into the United States. About 20 percent of the trafficking here in America is inter-national, primarily coming from the southern border. You see those drug traffickers, those drug dealers, who come across the southern border of Texas. They bring anybody into the United States, and they will do anything for money. They will bring young girls, young women, and traffic them into the United States and turn them over to the criminal gangs, like the MS–13 gang, and then they are trafficked throughout the United States. That is about 20 percent of the traf-ficking. The other 80 percent is traf-ficking by domestic or young girls, young women. They are trafficked throughout the United States in the same crime—sex slavery, sex traf-ficking. I had an opportunity to meet a lot of these trafficking victims in my work as chairman and co-chairman with J
IM C
OSTA of the Crime Victims Caucus. I will tell you about three of those, and those three women helped get the minds straight of Members of Congress on this issue that is taking place. ‘‘T,’’ as her nickname is, was in fos-ter care. She spent 18 years of her life in foster care. In foster care, she was abused, treated like an animal, hardly fed by some of the individuals who were in the foster care system. All she wanted was a family, someone to love and care for her. She met an older boy, and that indi-vidual made her feel special. He prom-ised to love her and take care of her. But as soon as she left with him, she became a sex slave, and her innocence was crushed. She was sold around the country in massage parlors, strip clubs, in hotels, and on the Internet. She was treated like property for 7 years, Mr. Speaker. I mentioned that she was in foster care. We now understand that about two-thirds of the sex trafficking vic-tims in the United States, at some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.047 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2954 May 23, 2016 
time in their lives, were in foster care. That is an issue we have to deal with. Congress has to deal with that. Finally, ‘‘T’’ was rescued, and now she tells her story wherever she can. Even Time magazine featured her and her life and her story and her recovery. Brooke Axtell I met in Texas. Her mother was extremely ill when she was about 7 years of age. So the mother turned Brooke over to a nanny, but the nanny did not protect her. In fact, the nanny did just the opposite. The nanny sexually abused Brooke and then traf-ficked her. It is common with child trafficking victims, as with Brooke, to also be vic-tims of child pornography. After Mom got out of the hospital, Brooke was slow to tell Mom what happened, but she finally did. In working with her mother, she was able to be rescued and get out of this scourge of sex traf-ficking. Now she works with Allies Against Slavery in Texas. The third person I want to mention very briefly is Cheryl Briggs. She grew up in an abusive home. She was sexu-ally abused by her father. Things were so bad in the home that Mama left when Cheryl was very young to escape the abuse. At the age of 12, Cheryl didn’t know what else to do except get away from her father. So she ran away. She began hitchhiking with truck drivers or with anybody who would take her. It led her to get involved with a motorcycle group, and she started a career, unfor-tunately, in sex trafficking hell. This individual took her to a biker club that was filled with men who sex-ually assaulted her. They raped her. She became a trafficked victim and was forced to do all kinds of just awful, horrible things. She was trapped in this scourge of human trafficking and didn’t know how to get help. She was finally able to get help when a patron of the strip club figured out on his own that she was too young and helped her get rescued. Now Cheryl works to help those who are in this sex trafficking in the United States. Those are just three stories, Mr. Speaker. Let me tell you about one bill, and then I want other Members of Congress who are here at this late hour to make comments as well. C
AROLYN MALONEY and I worked on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Now, you know C
AROLYN MALO-
NEY. She is a New York liberal Demo-crat who talks a little funny. She teamed up with me, a Texas conserv-ative who talks a little funny, accord-ing to her. The two of us got together and start-ed working on this with lots of Mem-bers of Congress. The Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act, thanks to the hard work of Mrs. M
ALONEY and oth-ers—and especially of the women in the U.S. House of Representatives—passed the House. It does three things. b2115 It does three things. It goes after the trafficker, the slave master, and makes sure that when prosecutors—Mr. Speaker, as you know about prosecu-tors—when they prosecute those cases, that person goes away to the peniten-tiary, the do right hotel, for as long as the judge can send them. It then goes to the other end and looks at the trafficking victim. For years, society looked at this victim as a criminal, a child prostitute. Children cannot be prostitutes. It is impossible, legally impossible. So rather than treat them like criminals and put them in the criminal justice system, it res-cues those victims and treats them like victims of crime rather than criminals. This is a major change in society’s thought and thought process about these children and young women. Also, Mr. Speaker, it goes after the money, the consumer, the buyer in the middle. Too long, these buyers of traf-ficking victims who pay money to do these awful things to children have kind of skated under the criminal jus-tice system. Not anymore. Those days are over. The days of boys being boys are over, and these buyers can be pros-ecuted to the same extent of the law as the trafficker. So the bill does three things: it goes after the trafficker; it goes after the demand, the money; and it rescues the victims. How do we pay for this? It is kind of a novel approach. Federal judges now can impose fines and fees on the traf-ficker and the buyer because a lot of them have a lot of money. And that money goes into a fund, and that fund is used and given as grants to different organizations, nonprofits throughout the country in States to help traf-ficking victims and also to educate po-lice and educate the public. So it is a good piece of legislation. That was just one of several pieces of legislation that came to the House floor. As I mentioned, this was a bipartisan effort. Mrs. JOYCE BEATTY of Ohio is here. She filed legislation called Im-prove the Response to Victims of Child Sex Trafficking. All of that legislation was included in the Senate bill and came back to the House and then passed. What it does is decriminalize child sex and makes it easier for people to report potential incidences of crimes against children. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a great advocate on be-half of crime victims and trafficking victims. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge P
OE, chairman of the Victims’ Rights Caucus and Representative of Texas’ Second Congressional District, for organizing this evening’s important Special Order hour and for all of his hard work on behalf of the victims of human trafficking. I am also very pleased to have the op-portunity to partner with my good friend, Congresswoman A
NNWAGNER of Missouri, who is my classmate and a friend. We share the same priority of eradicating human trafficking. It is kind of odd, as Judge POEtalked about his relationship with C
AROLYN  M
ALONEY . They are two people who seem, on paper, very different. One might say the same about A
NNWAGNER  and me. But, Mr. Speaker, there is that common thread that puts us together to not only advocate and fight for something that we need to fight for, but we have been able to make a dif-ference. That is why I come to the House floor this evening to recognize and cel-ebrate a very important anniversary: the 1-year anniversary of bipartisan, comprehensive legislation, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, that was signed into law. The Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, or JVTA, was a landmark bill, as you have heard, that updated America’s effort to combat the scourge of human trafficking and provided es-sential resources to survivors and law enforcement officials. I am so proud to have had my bill be included in this legislation and to have been able to take part in its drafting, passage, and enactment. Mr. Speaker, in the year since JVTA’s enactment, we have witnessed important achievements. For example, the JVTA has reinvigorated Ameri-cans’ commitment to protecting our children from cruel exploitation. And, Mr. Speaker, these children still need our protection. Human trafficking, as we have heard, is an estimated multibillion-dollar-a- year international enterprise that forces the most at risk among us, both here at home and abroad, into modern- day slavery. It is one of the fastest growing crimes in the world. According to the United States State Department, human trafficking is among the world’s top three criminal enterprises. It is forced prostitution, domestic slavery, and forced labor, which is why enactment and, now, the implementation of the JVTA is so im-portant. We must continue to work to eradicate human trafficking and sup-port the victims. In the year since the JVTA’s enact-ment, we have seen educators, law en-forcement officials, and service pro-viders working together, Democrats and Republicans, Mr. Speaker, raising awareness in our communities that human trafficking is not merely an international phenomenon. It, unfortu-nately, happens all too often in our backyards, just as we have heard Judge P
OEtalk about ‘‘T’’ and talk about Brooke. And the stories could go on and on. In fact, in my home State of Ohio, for example, each year, an estimated 1,000 children become victims of human traf-ficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk. Ohio is the fifth leading State for human trafficking because of its prox-imity to waterways that lead to an international border and the I–75 inter-state that allows anyone to exit the State, within 2 hours, to almost any-where. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.120 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2955 May 23, 2016 
Lastly, I am very thankful for having amazing advocates in Ohio for victims of human trafficking, like Theresa Flo-res, the founder of SOAP, Save Our Adolescents from Prostitution, and State Representative Teresa Fedor, a member of the Ohio House of Rep-resentatives, who has made a lifetime commitment to working to protect our victims. We must remain vigilant in the im-plementation of JVTA, as we were when we passed it, so every child, every woman and man is free from this form of modern-day slavery, which is why I am proud to have joined Judge P
OEand Congresswomen W
AGNER and M ALONEY  of New York in leading a letter to United States Attorney General Loret-ta Lynch supporting the Department of Justice’s implementation thus far of the JVTA and requesting needed infor-mation on what more can be done with-in the confines of the current law. Mr. Speaker, this is what happens when we work together. This is a great example of what we can do when Demo-crats and Republicans come together to change lives. And that is just the way it is. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio. I like your tag line. I might use it my-self. You point out several good things, and I think everybody listening can un-derstand why legislation like this got passed because of your passion and—I will say it again—because of the women in the U.S. House that pushed this last year and were relentless until all this legislation came up. You point out many good things. There are two things, though, that I want to point out myself that you mentioned. One is about the money. People may ask, Mr. Speaker, why is there so much money involved in this? Well, drug dealers, when they sell drugs, you sell drugs one time. The cost of apprehension, the consequences, are great, and the chances of getting caught are great. On the other end, you have sex traf-ficking. Unfortunately, these children are sold multiple times a day—some-times 20, 25 times a day. The risk of getting caught is very low, and the punishment, up until now, has been very low. So that is why it is the sec-ond or third biggest monetary system of criminal enterprises anywhere. That, Mr. Speaker, in itself is a dis-grace to us as a people to allow this to happen, where slavery is the second or third money maker for the criminal gangs who primarily run all of these enterprises. I yield to another gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). He has been in the antitrafficking movement a long time. He worked in the Texas Legislature and helped Texas get ahead of the curve on the movement before we actu-ally did here in the House. I yield to the gentleman from south-east Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to be here and to work in a bipartisan fashion across the aisle for this very worthwhile cause. I will tell you, Judge POEis exactly correct. In Texas, we like to say that things are bigger in Texas. But, unfor-tunately, Texas has one record that we really didn’t want, and that is that we have 25 percent of the sex trafficking in the country. We are 1 of 50 States, and yet we have 25 percent of the victims of sex trafficking going on right there in Texas. We were able to pass Texas House Bill 4009, which did a number of things. It actually instructed the enforcement officials to take a look at some of these young girls that were picked up— and, I guess, for that matter, young men as well—and to not just assume that they were willfully participating in the sex trade, but to look deeper into the background there. Some of these girls we found out were actually held against their will, were drugged and beat into submission. Some, as young as 12, were dancing in some of these strip clubs and, like Judge P
OEsaid, some of the patrons would take notice of that and would actually get them help. In Texas, we did identify that pretty early on, about 5 or 6 years ago now, and were able to pass legislation to get the HHSC to put law enforcement to-gether, to get some training for these officers, to get these NGOs together to say, look, we need to get some pro-grams for these young girls to rehabili-tate them. How in the world do you ever get them back to normal life after something like this? We needed more facilities, more beds, more training. So I am proud to say that, in Texas, we ac-tually did take the lead on that. One of my favorites was in the town of Waco. You mentioned three things: going after the perpetrators; going after the demand, the money; and, of course, helping the victims. Well, the town of Waco had a way of dealing with the johns. What they did was, when someone was arrested in Waco, they would put that john’s picture on a bill-board in the city with the headline, ‘‘Arrested for solicitation of prostitu-tion.’’ Now, that will ruin your family life at home and in a little town like Waco. So we took some lessons from that to say, look, we are going after the de-mand, after the johns, to try to dry up that money stream Mr. Speaker, Judge P
OEought to be commended. It has been almost a year since the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act was signed into law. This comprehensive legislation tackled a number of issues to combat human trafficking. It took a stand against the seller, which we have been talking about, and the buyer by criminally pressing charges on both for the first time. It also provided smart solutions to help victims of trafficking get back on their feet, which is what I said from my days in the Texas Legislature. They needed a program. They needed people to understand. They needed counseling. Good Lord, how do those young girls ever get back to some sem-blance of normalcy after something like that? Thanks to the JVTA, States are now incentivized to draft and pass what we call safe harbor legislation, which helps victims of trafficking expunge their criminal records in an effort to start fresh without the ghosts of their past haunting them. Legislation like this also addresses the need for shelter, for more beds, for facilities for those NGOs, a place for re-habilitation. As you know, currently, 34 out of the 50 States have versions of safe harbor legislation, which is an increase of 14 States just since the passage of the act. Training on the identification of traf-ficking victims has also increased within the airline, the hotel, and even in the medical industries. b2130 Mr. Speaker, victims of human traf-ficking are men, women, and children. This is not a victimless crime, I might add. We all have undoubtedly passed these victims in an airport, at a hotel, or maybe even at the fuel station. Until society at large stops sexualizing our children, we will be unable to pre-vent the predators’ interest in our mi-nors. We have made crucial steps, Mr. Speaker, toward combating human trafficking, as evidenced by the very success of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act we are talking about here tonight. Yet, we still have a long way to go to eradicate this scourge of human slavery. But we have a good start on it, and we are committed to seeing it through to the end and mak-ing a difference. Mr. Speaker, you know I am right. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his several important comments that he made about facilities to take the victims once they are rescued by law enforcement or by nonprofit organiza-tions. Mr. Speaker, there is no place to put them. Sometimes that is why the po-lice arrest these young girls and put them in juvenile detention, is because there is no facility to take them. I am not blaming the police. They have no other place for them to go. There have been some studies done on how many beds are available for trafficking victims. The latest comes out of the State of Illinois. They did some research, and there are about 600 to 700 beds nationwide for trafficking victims—600 to 700 beds; that is it—in a country of 350 million people. Compare that to animal shelters. I love animal shelters. I have got three Dalmatians. I call them the weapons of mass destruction. I got one of them from a Dalmatian rescue in Dallas. But there are 5,000 animal shelters in the United States, and that is good. We need every one of them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.122 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2956 May 23, 2016 
Six hundred to seven hundred beds for trafficking victims is not near enough. That is one thing this legisla-tion does. It provides resources so we can have places to take these crime victims, and that is what they are. They are victims of crime. They are not criminals. They are hard to deal with. They are not easy to help. They have had their whole lives destroyed in front of them. So it takes time, it takes facilities, and it takes resources. One other comment you made about the signs. Of course, I am a big fan of criminals carrying signs in front of businesses that they commit crimes in. I did that as a judge and some other things. You are exactly right. If we could add an amendment to this legislation—and I think we should—to give Federal judges the option to allow the posting in the county in which the crime was committed on a billboard or a sign of a photograph of the child molester who has been convicted of trafficking chil-dren, that would get the attention of some of those folks out there who are trying to hide their criminal conduct. And maybe those billboards ought to pop up right before some big sporting event that cities have as well. That is just a thought, Mr. Speaker. I think we ought to work on that. We also have with us another person who has worked on this whole issue of trafficking victims and justice for them. Mr. Y
OHO is one of our newer Members of Congress, T
EDYOHOfrom the Third District of the State of Flor-ida. I yield to the gentleman at this time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Texas. You wouldn’t have hurt my feelings if you would have said one of the younger Members, but that wouldn’t have been true. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in soli-darity with the growing army that is fighting human trafficking worldwide. I rise to speak out against this heinous crime known as human trafficking, the scourge of our time in the 21st century, a $32 billion industry. The statistics are overwhelming, as we have heard all the estimates of over 22 million people being trafficked worldwide. Sometimes, though, they seem far away. It is estimated that the individuals in the adult entertainment are often victims of human trafficking, people in farm camps, people in domes-tic servitude. There are people being trafficked for human body parts. It goes on every day. People often say, ‘‘That kind of stuff happens overseas’’ or, ‘‘That doesn’t happen here.’’ There is an acronym called NIMBY, not in my backyard. People don’t think this happens. No, it happens in our own backyards. It hap-pens here at home. It happens in your State, in your county, and more than likely it happens in your town. Human trafficking happens as we speak. Human trafficking knows no skin color, no gender, no socio-economic background. It only knows how to exploit, abuse, and victimize. Who is guilty of this? Well, nation- states are guilty of this, criminal gangs, drug cartels, people needing labor, and terrorist organizations. Peo-ple are doing this for greed, profit, and power. They are the scum of humanity, the people who are involved in this. ISIS, as we all know today, traffics people for terrorist reasons. They sell children from 1 to 9 years of age. Chil-dren 1 to 9 years of age bring the most for ISIS, $168. Young women between 9 and 18 have dropped in value. They are worth $128. ISIS even gives away slaves for rewards of deeds that we deem are bad deeds. The alarming estimate of more than 1 million teenagers run away every year in the United States. Runaways are the most at-risk youth and suscep-tible of trafficking. Runaways are the most at risk when they leave. In fact, runaways are typically picked up by the pimps or traffickers within the first 48 hours. Who does this sort of thing? Well, the perpetrators aren’t of a certain stereo-type. They are of all backgrounds. I don’t want to name any backgrounds, but they are people of low, no, and high profiles. This year in my hometown of Gaines-ville a trafficking ring was discovered and six people were arrested. Last week a person of high profile, one of the leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement, was arrested for sexually trafficking a minor in New York. Just last year a 15-year-old girl was discovered by police in a motel room being sexually abused and trafficked several times a day. When I say several times a day, we are talking 15 to 20 times a day their body is being sold, like an amusement ride. Her parents had been handing out missing child flyers in the neighbor-hood when somebody recognized her picture from an online ad. That young girl went from being a runaway to a trafficking victim in less than a month. That 15-year-old girl could be the son or daughter of you, your friends. It could be your niece or neph-ew, your brother or sister. However, it is not just runaways that become victims of trafficking. Traf-fickers don’t discriminate based on economic class, race, gender, or age. Traffickers are motivated by profit. The average cost of a slave worldwide— worldwide—is less than $90. That is the value the scum of the earth puts on the value of a human’s life. As the world’s fastest growing and third largest criminal enterprise, it is shocking how little people know about this horrendous practice. Further, it is appalling how little is put toward the effort to stop it. In my district, we have created the North Central Florida Human Traf-ficking Task Force, which is aimed at bringing together community partners from the Federal, State, and local lev-els to combat trafficking. For many, education awareness is half the battle. We teamed up with the Department of Homeland Security and used their Blue Campaign to raise awareness. This week here on Capitol Hill we celebrate the 1-year anniver-sary of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act sponsored by Judge TED P
OEof Texas, and I am a proud cospon-sor of this important legislation. I thank my colleagues for their support of this bill as well. This issue, the issue of human traf-ficking, is not a Republican or Demo-cratic issue. Back in January, several of us took to this very House floor to speak of the horrors of this crime. But taking a stand on one particular day or highlighting the issue once a month doesn’t even begin to cover what the victims experience on a daily basis or the horrors and nightmares they have for a lifetime. We must always, always be vigilant and active in our fight. If we become aware and educate just one other per-son to know what the signs are, we can help end this horrific tragedy. Mr. Speaker, no neighborhood is im-mune. No city is exempt. These slaves, or victims, are a part of our daily lives quietly suffering, but being traded like livestock and treated beyond com-prehension. We cannot in good conscience con-tinue our daily routines without mak-ing every effort to stamp out the prac-tice of forced labor, domestic ser-vitude, sex trafficking, or the selling of body parts. Whether you are a college student, businessowner, or stay-at- home parent, we all play a role. First, I ask my colleagues to stand with me as we take another step in taking down trafficking. Thank you to all those both here at home and abroad who are fighting every day to make this modern-day slavery a thing of the past. All it takes for evil to succeed is for good men, women, or people to do nothing. Finally, thank you to my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), for hosting this Special Order. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida. I appreciate his comments. He made sev-eral excellent points, the NIMBY atti-tude that some people have, not in my backyard. I met with a father last week. He came to my office and told me the story of how his daughter had been trafficked. He went to the local sheriff in another part of the State and told the sheriff what had happened. The sheriff said: It doesn’t happen here. It does. It happens everywhere. It is in our backyard. It is everywhere. We need to recognize that. The gentleman worked on his own, then, to find his daughter and take her back home. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) makes another good comment about how these young kids are prey. A trafficked child, like the one I just mentioned, they had been working on her for 18 months, seducing her, talk-ing to her, using the Internet. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.124 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2957 May 23, 2016 
thought these people were her friends. They were not her friends. They were all involved in the trafficking process. We need to understand that traf-fickers are not old guys in trench coats wandering around and snatching kids. They are not. Many times they are young people, young, good-looking guys who will strike up a conversation with a middle schooler at the mall and then talk to them again later and then later and then, finally, that individual gets in the vehicle or meets the indi-vidual, the trafficker, someplace, and then she is gone. This father that I talked to knew the statistics, that, if you have a child that is trafficked, you have about 3 weeks to find her or she is gone because those traffickers move those kids all over the country, selling them every day. It is in our backyard, unfortunately. I yield to another Texan, the gentle-woman from Houston, Texas, Ms. S
HEI-
LAJACKSON LEE, who has worked on this issue of trafficking here and also back home in our hometown of Hous-ton. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Texas for his persistence, his determination, and for this exciting commemoration of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. Let me thank the Congressional Vic-tims’ Rights Caucus and co-chair J
IM C
OSTA , along with Congressman P OE, Judge P
OE, who famously has said, ‘‘And that is just the way it is,’’ and I see all of us seemingly adopting those words. So he has now put the English language in a form that we just can’t help ourselves. So I thank Judge P
OE so very much. I remember his beginning. I want to thank him for a year or 2 ago when he joined me and Chairman M
CCAULfor a Committee on Homeland Security human trafficking hearing in Houston, Texas. I believe we have had other hearings since then because we know that Hous-ton, Texas, Harris County, and in Texas has been called one of the center points of human trafficking, to our dis-may. Many stories have come to our attention. I think it was about 2 years ago, Judge P
OE, when they found a stash house out in the county. I actually went to that site where teams of—when I say teams, tens upon tens of individ-uals, including children, were in that particular place. We had to shut down a cantina in and around the inner city that had been used for human traf-ficking in the city of Houston. b2145 The one point that is very important that I will make—and I will comment on some other aspects that are in this bill—is that human trafficking is prof-itable. Human trafficking is profitable. That means that slavery is not dead. Human trafficking is profitable. The reason is, tragically, the young child, the young teenager, the preteen, the young woman, or the young man or boy is recycled, tragically, over and over again, which makes human traf-ficking more than profitable and vi-cious and vile. They have to keep that human being who needs to be free and enjoy the freedom of being a child and enjoy the various special things of being a child, like being loved and nur-tured, going to picnics, going to school, they have to keep that young woman, that young man in bondage. That is what this bill, as spoken of previously, and certainly among other things, speaks to today. In the many bills that were incorporated in this bill, it was to eliminate, if you will, the pain and viciousness of human traf-ficking. Let me quickly say that I want to congratulate the fact that this bill re-duces the rape kit backlog and provides resources for forensic labs in cities all over America. As a member of the Ju-diciary Committee, we were hearing the stories about backlogs of rape kits. So this bill requires at least 75 percent of amounts made available to the DOJ for forensic testing and to be used for direct testing of crime scene evidence, including rape kits. It improves the sexual assault nurse examiner program by incentivizing the hiring of full-time nurses, particularly in rural and underserved areas, and re-authorizes and improves the Paul Coverdell Forensic Science Improve-ment Grants, which awards grants to States and local governments to im-prove the quality of forensic science services, which is so very important. I also say that I acknowledge that numerous studies have shown that at least 75 percent of youths involved in the justice system have experienced traumatic victimization, making them vulnerable to mental health disorders and perceived behavioral and non-compliance and misconduct. This legislation deals with best-evi-dence research to be able to help our youth as well, and to ensure that they get the kind of treatment they need, particularly after sexual assault, which is what human trafficking mostly is, besides the heinousness of being held by another human being. So I am very glad that we are moving forward on the reauthorization for Jus-tice for All for 2016. So many things have been made better. I want to cite one example as I close. I am reminded of this because of the floods that we dealt with recently. There were incidences of women living in places where their name was not on the lease. So, for example, if a man gets evicted for abusing his live-in girlfriend, the girlfriend who is not a named tenant on the lease, but is a resident, would automatically be evict-ed. That is so very important. Many times, that girlfriend is living there with her children. She would be per-mitted to stay for a reasonable time to establish her own eligibility to remain in the public housing unit. Let me say this: this is not a one- size-fits-all, but it is not one commu-nity. It is not any race of people, it is not any economic level of people. It is people who are egregiously abusing and violating another human being. In many instances, Judge POE, it is a child. So I want to thank you for this legis-lation. Let us continue to walk this pathway together in a bipartisan man-ner. Certainly, as a very valued mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee, a lot of your work is part of that legislative agenda, and I am very glad to join in. A lot of your work is also on the For-eign Affairs Committee. Let us work together to save lives and to protect our children. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my col-leagues of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, Congressman T
EDPOE(R–TX) and Congressman J
IMCOSTA (D–CA) who are an-choring this Special Order in support of the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016. The Justice for All Act, which I co-spon-sored in 2004, enhanced protections for vic-tims of Federal crimes, provided resources to improve the use of DNA and forensic tech-nology to combat crimes, and established safeguards to prevent and reverse wrongful convictions. This legislation reauthorizes and improves many of the programs created by the original law and responsibly reduces overall funding in response to current economic conditions. The bipartisan Justice for All Act of 2004 in-creased resources devoted to DNA and other forensic technology, established safeguards to prevent wrongful convictions, and enhanced protections for crime victims. This legislation builds on the Justice for All Act to improve the criminal justice system and ensure public confidence in it. The Justice for All Act of 2016 increases ac-cess to restitution for crime victims and re-quires that interpreters be available to all fed-eral crime victims who wish to participate in a court proceeding. Reauthorizing important programs used to notify crime victims of their right to be heard in court, this legislation provides them with legal assistance. Additionally, the bill improves housing rights for domestic violence victims and protects Vio-lence Against Women Act (VA–WA) funding from federal penalties. The bill makes payment of restitution a mandatory condition of supervised release for any defendant convicted of a Federal felony or misdemeanor and ordered to pay restitution. The bill will also amend the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to give the court author-ity to appoint an interpreter for any victim present during proceedings. Importantly, this legislation supports pro-grams that inform crime victims of their rights and helps ensure that those rights are en-forced by reauthorizing the Crime Victims Legal Assistance Grants and Crime Victims Notification Grants. Reducing current Rape Kit Backlog, the Jus-tice for All Act requires that at least 75% of amounts made available to the Attorney Gen-eral for local, state, and Federal forensic ac-tivities must be used for direct testing activities described in the Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program. Requiring law enforcement agencies to con-duct audits of their backlogged rape kits, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.125 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2958 May 23, 2016 
law also creates tracking mechanisms, and prioritizes testing in cases in which the statute of limitations will soon expire. The Act also amends the Sexual Assault Forensic Exam Program Grants to give pref-erence to entities which will: operate or ex-pand forensic nurse examiner programs in rural areas or for underserved populations, hire full-time forensic nurse examiners, or sup-port training programs for forensic nurse ex-aminers. Critically, the Act provides community health centers, colleges and hospitals with informa-tion about resources available to address do-mestic violence, sexual assault, and elder abuse. Clarifying requirements for housing protec-tions in the Violence Against Women Act, the act will extend protection against automatic eviction to any ‘‘resident’’ in a public housing unit—who is not a tenant listed on the lease— in situations where the named tenant is evict-ed. For example, if a man gets evicted for abus-ing his live-in girlfriend, the girlfriend, who is not a named tenant on the lease but is a resi-dent, would not automatically be evicted. She would be permitted to stay for a reasonable time to establish her own eligibility to remain in the public housing unit. The Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 strengthens the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA). PREA currently requires that all states to comply with its requirements or suffer a 5% reduction in DOJ funds they would receive for ‘‘prison purposes.’’ States can still receive the funds however, even if they are not in compliance, if the Gov-ernor submits an ‘‘assurance’’ that the state will reallocate 5% of those funds to PREA im-plementation. To ensure compliance, states are required to have all of their prisons audited for at least once every three years. The bill requires Governors to submit with their annual certification or assurance informa-tion about the state’s PREA implementation efforts, including which correctional facilities were audited in the most recent audit year, a proposed schedule for completing an audit of all prison during the next three audit years, and all final audit reports. Numerous studies have also shown that at least 75% of youth involved in the justice sys-tem have experienced traumatic victimization, making them vulnerable to mental health dis-orders and perceived behavioral non-compli-ance and misconduct. Over the years, clear evidence has emerged from federal investigations, class-action law-suits or authoritative reports written by rep-utable media outlets or respected public or pri-vate agencies showing that youth corrections facility across the country have repeatedly failed to protect youth from violence by staff or other youth, sexual assaults and/or excessive use of isolation or restraints. (Annie E. Casey Foundation—Maltreatment Report, 2015). Despite costly law suits and periods of fed-eral supervision, inhumane conditions of youth confinement remains rampant and a national epidemic. Despite national outcry for compliance with PREA, Many states have failed to implement and enforce its standards for youth in correc-tional and detention facilities. Current law provides that states not con-forming to required protocols will lose 5% of all funds they receive from the U.S. DOJ grant programs. However, financial penalties will not begin until 2017, and expected that DOJ will extend deadline and/or disperse funds to non-compli-ant states (provided they use the money to-ward implementing PREA requirements). (AECF Report). Further, the bill requires the Attorney Gen-eral to post all final audit reports on its website and to update the site at least annually. Expanding the reach of these valiant efforts, the Justice for All Reauthorization Act of 2016 clarifies that grants authorized for victim as-sistance may be used to support nonprofit en-tities which assist victims of crime on a nation-wide basis or Americans abroad who are vic-tims of crimes committed outside of the United States. Truly, improving the administration of crimi-nal justice programs, the bill increases ac-countability for federal funds spent by state and local governments by requiring that states receiving funds under the Edward Byrne Me-morial Justice Assistance Grant Program de-velop a strategic plan detailing how the funds will be spent. The bill directs the National Institute of Jus-tice (NIJ) to promulgate best practices for evi-dence retention within eighteen months of en-actment and requires NIJ to assist state, local, and tribal governments wishing to adopt those best practices. Because this bill has tremendous potential to improve victims’ access to justice, support law enforcement, exonerate the innocent, and strengthen and improve the criminal justice system, we urge the committee to bring this bill up for timely consideration and passage. As a member of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, I thank my colleagues Con-gressman T
EDPOE(R–TX) and Congressman J
IMCOSTA (D–CA) ) for hosting this Special Order in support of the Justice for All Reau-thorization Act of 2016. It is an invaluable and much needed effort. Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gentle-woman for her comments. As the gen-tlewoman knows and has been men-tioned on the House floor, I think, by Mr. W
EBER , Houston, Texas, is a hub for child sex trafficking in the United States, and it is because of our loca-tion. We are using that, though, to change the dynamics of the city, work-ing with our new mayor, Sylvester Turner, who was in the State legisla-ture for a long time. Our new mayor has now come up with a protocol for the city of Houston to work to eliminate this scourge. I think it is a protocol that cities throughout the country will be able to use themselves to address the issue, admit the problem, and then deal with it on a multilayer basis, working with all the nonprofits and all the govern-ment agencies and different types of law enforcement. So I know that the gentlewoman is working with the mayor on this project. I want to congratulate you and the mayor for taking this issue and solving it so that Houston now will be an example of what to do in solving this scourge. I also thank you for being on the Vic-tims’ Rights Caucus. As you men-tioned, it is bipartisan. JIMCOSTA and I started this in 2005. There are 80 members: 40 Republicans, 40 Demo-crats. Mr. Speaker, the Victims’ Rights Caucus promotes victims of crime be-fore Congress. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I express my ap-preciation for being a member of the Victims’ Right Caucus because it is bi-partisan. I should say it is multi-communities. All different people. Let me thank the gentleman for mentioning Mayor Turner. This is an exciting effort. If you don’t take no-tice, you are not going to be able to solve the problem. And that is what the city is doing. It is taking notice and putting in infrastructure for being helpful. Let me close by simply saying that, as Judge P
OEknows, in the last couple of days of Houston we have been mourning the killing of an 11-year-old child on his way home from school. We have not determined who it is, but all I can say to you is that even our chil-dren are vulnerable, whether by a hei-nous individual that maybe was trying to pick the child up—we don’t know— but the child is now deceased. My sym-pathies to his family, the Flores family in my congressional district. All I can say is that it is our responsibility to protect these children and not for little Josue to have died in vain in the tragic way that he lost his life. Again, I thank the gentleman for al-lowing me to offer sympathy to his family and his community and say that we are doing the right thing by trying to protect those who are most vulner-able. Mr. POE of Texas. The gentlewoman is exactly correct. That is really what we are supposed to be doing, is helping those that are the least fortunate, the most vulnerable in our community. And there is no more vulnerable people than our children. Mr. Speaker, I also want to recognize numerous Members of Congress who have worked on all this legislation. Be-fore I do that, though, I want to recog-nize a person on my staff, Blair Bjellos, who is leaving the Hill and going to work for one of these groups that is trying to save the world, which is great. They are. Blair has worked for me for almost 6 years. She is my victim advocate. I think I am the only Member of Con-gress that has a victim advocate who works on victims’ issues. She was, in large part, responsible for drafting this legislation, Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act. I want to thank her pub-licly for the work she has done on the victims’ movement, working on the Victims’ Rights Caucus, this legisla-tion, and for other victims’ issues as well. I am fortunate to have a person who is so passionate working to help those who are most vulnerable in our community, and that is victims of crime. So I want to thank her for doing that. I want to mention some other Mem-bers of Congress and just put in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.048 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2959 May 23, 2016 
RECORD some of the things they have been doing. It is not all of them, but in limited time, I am going to mention the ones I can. Two Members, bipartisan—one Re-publican, one Democrat—R
ENEE  E
LLMERS and D EBBIE WASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ —introduced the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act. Remember, Mr. Speaker, all these bills were combined, passed the House, go to the Senate, and Senator C
ORNYN  and Senator W
YDEN combined them into one bill, it came back to House after it passed the Senate, and was signed by the President. Also, E
RIKPAULSEN , a Republican, and Representative G
WEN MOORE , a Democrat, introduced the Stop Exploi-tation Through Trafficking Act. J
OEHECKof Nevada, who was going to be here tonight to speak, introduced Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act. A
NNWAGNER , as has been mentioned already, introduced the SAVE Act; M
ARKWALKER , Human Trafficking De-tection Act; K
RISTI NOEM, Human Traf-ficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act; T
OMMARINO and K AREN  B
ASS—one Republican, one Democrat— Strengthening Child Welfare Response for Human Trafficking; J
OYCE BEATTY , who has spoken here tonight, also worked with A
NNWAGNER and also in-troduced Improve the Response to Vic-tims of Child Sex Trafficking Act; and S
EAN MALONEY introduced the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. There were lots of individuals, lots of folks who helped in the House. Then we had support from over 200 organiza-tions throughout the country, trying to get this legislation passed. Some of those are Rights4Girls, Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, Shared Hope International, End Child Pros-titution and Trafficking in the USA, National Children’s Alliance, National Association to Protect Children, Equal-ity Now, National Conference of State Legislatures, and the National Crimi-nal Justice Association were all on the same page of the hymnal singing the same song, Mr. Speaker, and that song is that we are going to do everything we can to stop this scourge of human trafficking. We want those folks to know that trafficked young children have no place to hide and that those customers that buy those kids have no place to hide. There is no safe place for them. And we want victims to know there is a safe place and that we will help them to recover from what has happened to them and hold people accountable for what they do, especially when they commit crimes against the most vul-nerable people in our culture. And if we are not to help kids, why are we here, Mr. Speaker? I want to thank Members of Congress for passing this legislation overwhelm-ingly. Many of these bills passed the House unanimously. That doesn’t hap-pen a lot over here. We are all working on this. We are not through. But we want people to know—victims of crime—that there is hope and there is rescue. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a family commitment in the district. Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. O’R
OURKE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of traveling with the President to Vietnam. Mr. P
ETERS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of flight delayed. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2814. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, May 24, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5435. A letter from the Acting Director, Legislative Affairs, Natural Resources Con-servation Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule adopted as final with changes — Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) [Docket No.: NRCS-2014-0007] (RIN: 0578-AA62) received May 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5436. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing Rear Admiral (lower half) Timothy J. White, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5437. A letter from the Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Duty-Free Entry Threshold (DFARS 2015-D036) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0052] (RIN: 0750-A176) re-ceived May 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 5438. A letter from the Administrator, Rural Housing Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program (RIN: 0575-AD04) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5439. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting proposed legislation related to financial transparency; to the Committee on Financial Services. 5440. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Self-employment Tax Treatment of Partners in a Partnership that Owns a Disregarded Entity [TD 9766] (RIN: 1545-BM87) received May 13, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5441. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office for Civil Rights, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Non-discrimination in Health Programs and Ac-tivities (RIN: 0945-AA02) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5442. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Maleic anhydride; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0853; FRL-9945-82] re-ceived May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5443. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Source Determination for Certain Emission Units in the Oil and Nat-ural Gas Sector [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0685; FRL-9946-55-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS06) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5444. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Quaternary ammonium compounds, benzylbis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)methyl, bis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)dimethylammonium salts with sepiolite; and Quaternary ammonium com-pounds, benzylbis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)methyl, bis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)dimethylammonium salts with sapo-nite; Exemptions from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0018, EPA-HQ- OPP-2015-0020; FRL-9945-76) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5445. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans; Arizona; Infrastructure Re-quirements to Address Interstate Transport for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R09-OAR- 2015-0793; FRL-9946-58-Region 9] received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23MY7.127 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2960 May 23, 2016 
5446. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Arkansas; New Mexico; Oklahoma; Disapproval of Green-house Gas Biomass Deferral, Step 2 and Minor Source Permitting Requirements [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0783; FRL-9946-66-Region 6] received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5447. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Alaska: Updates to Incorporation by Reference and Miscella-neous Revisions [EPA-R10-OAR-2015-0353; FRL-9946-49-Region 10] received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5448. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Belarus that was de-clared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5449. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5450. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-392, ‘‘Repeal of Outdated and Un-necessary Audit Mandates Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5451. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-dent, Controller and Chief Accounting Offi-cer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, transmitting the 2015 management report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, pur-suant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5452. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Skokomish River Basin Ecosystem Restoration project in Mason County, Washington for April 2015, pursuant to Public Law 87-874, Sec. 209; (76 Stat. 1197) (H. Doc. No. 114—139); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 5453. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Army’s determina-tion on the Cano Martin Pena Ecosystem Restoration Project, Puerto Rico, pursuant to Public Law 110-114, Sec. 5127; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5454. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the recommendation for modifying the total project first cost of the authorized Blue River Basin, Kansas City, Missouri project, pursuant to Public Law 99- 662, Sec. 902; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5455. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the recommendation for modifying the total project first cost of the authorized Turkey Creek Basin, Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri project, pursuant to Public Law 99-662, Sec. 902; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5456. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the recommendation for modifying the total project first cost of the authorized Ohio River Shoreline, Paducah, Kentucky project, pursuant to Public Law 99-662, Sec. 902; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 5457. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Civil Works, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Kansas Citys, Mis-souri and Kansas Flood Risk Management Project Report for May 2014 (H. Doc. No. 114—138); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 5458. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0075; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-202-AD; Amendment 39-18461; AD 2016-07-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5459. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4817; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-115- AD; Amendment 39-18465; AD 2016-07-20] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5460. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-2464; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-195-AD; Amendment 39-18476; AD 2016-07-31] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5461. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4076; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-30-AD; Amendment 39- 18483; AD 2016-08-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5462. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; GE Aviation Czech s.r.o. Turboprop Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-3692; Direc-torate Identifier 2016-NE-05-AD; Amendment 39-18458; AD 2016-07-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5463. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-2959; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-008-AD; Amendment 39-18470; AD 2016-07-25] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5464. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 Annual Report to the Congress on the Child Support Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 652(a)(10); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title IV, Sec. 452 (as amended by Public Law 93-647, Sec. 101(a)); (88 Stat. 2352); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5465. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — List of Automatic Changes in Method of Accounting (Rev. Proc. 2016-29) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5466. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Additional Limitation on Suspen-sion of Benefits Applicable to Certain Pen-sion Plans Under the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014 [TD 9767] (RIN: 1545-BN24) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5467. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Diversification Requirements for Variable Annuity, Endowment, and Life In-surance Contracts under Section 817(h) [No-tice 2016-32] received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5468. A letter from the Chief, Publications Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Serv-ice, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — United States and Area Median Gross In-come Figures for 2016 (Rev. Proc. 2016-26) re-ceived May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5469. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Temporary Relief for Money Market Funds (Revenue Procedure 2016-31) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5470. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Certified Profes-sional Employer Organizations [TD 9768] (RIN: 1545-BN20) received May 13, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5471. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; Obtaining Final Medicare Secondary Payer Conditional Payment Amounts via Web Portal [CMS- 6054-F] (RIN: 0938-AR90) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 5472. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting Anti-Corruption Legislative Proposals; jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23MY7.000 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2961 May 23, 2016 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4465. A bill to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–578, Pt. 1) Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4465. A bill to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–578, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4167. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a de-fault configuration that permits users to di-rectly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114–579). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4889. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require pro-viders of a covered service to provide call lo-cation information concerning the tele-communications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforce-ment officer in an emergency situation in-volving risk of death or serious physical in-jury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services; with an amendment (Rept. 114–580). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2589. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; with amendments (Rept. 114–581). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4111. A bill to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–582). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3998. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resil-iency of critical telecommunications net-works during times of emergency, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 114– 583, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2121. A bill to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan origina-tors transitioning between employers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–584). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1838. A bill to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilderness in such counties, to designate additional components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–585). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5233. A bill to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amend-ment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the re-spective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–586). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4904. A bill to require the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–587). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4139. A bill to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a tem-porary exemption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation require-ments (Rept. 114–588). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4487. A bill to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–589, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 742. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to modernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clar-ify Congressional intent regarding the regu-lation of the use of pesticides in or near nav-igable waters, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–590). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 743. Resolution for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appro-priations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–591). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3998 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 4487 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. G IBBS, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 5303. A bill to provide for improve-ments to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , and Ms. G ABBARD ): H.R. 5304. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to extend health care coverage under the Transitional Assistance Manage-ment Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5305. A bill to establish the Ste. Gene-vieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 5306. A bill to require the Archivist of the United States to compile all applica-tions, and rescissions of applications, made to the Congress to call a convention, pursu-ant to article V of the Constitution, and cer-tain related materials, and to transmit them to Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama): H.R. 5307. A bill to amend title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 to define the term ‘‘sex’’ for purposes of such title; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. M
CCAUL): H.R. 5308. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to confiscate interest paid on certain frozen bank accounts, to require the Secretary to confiscate certain frozen assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for him-self, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. H
ARPER , and Mr. P ALAZZO ): H.R. 5309. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia (for herself, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R USH, and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H.R. 5310. A bill to improve college afford-ability; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.049 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2962 May 23, 2016 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 5303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to general Welfare of the United States), and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes). By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution requires Con-gress to call a convention for proposing amendments ‘‘on the application of the legis-latures of two thirds of the several states.’’ In order to fulfill this obligation, Congress has the authority to enact legislation to en-sure accurate recordkeeping of state applica-tions submitted pursuant to Article V. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 5307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, clause 8, section 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 5308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 5309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Spending Authorization Article I, Section 8, Clause I The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 239: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 315: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 448: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 483: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 556: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 605: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 612: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 624: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 711: Mr. F
ORBES and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 835: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 865: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia. H.R. 969: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 985: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 1095: Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 1151: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. H
ECK of Nevada, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 1188: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 1198: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1309: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 1342: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1422: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1559: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1625: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 1713: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1904: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1905: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1911: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1963: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2058: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 2087: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 2142: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 2290: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2315: Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 2342: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2430: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2434: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. I SRAEL . H.R. 2460: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2488: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 2500: Mr. W
ENSTRUP and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 2622: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2646: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2656: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2698: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 2739: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 2799: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 2804: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 2812: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2896: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2903: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 2992: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. D
OLD, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C URBELO of Flor- ida, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. G RAVES of Mis- souri, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri. H.R. 3119: Mr. FLORES and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 3159: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3222: Mr. P
ITTS and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 3229: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3297: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3308: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 3365: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 3381: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. V ELA, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. C
ARNEY . H.R. 3463: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3514: Mr. B
ECERRA , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3516: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 3551: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 3582: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3619: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3636: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 3706: Ms. M
ATSUI and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. H.R. 3742: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 3765: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 3870: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4013: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 4137: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4172: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4184: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4247: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4248: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4275: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER . H.R. 4365: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4376: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4442: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4526: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4543: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4559: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4575: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 4585: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4614: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 4620: Mr. C
ARNEY . H.R. 4636: Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.R. 4657: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 4683: Ms. T
SONGAS and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4702: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 4715: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 4729: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4768: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4773: Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. A
DERHOLT , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 4775: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4806: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4827: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4828: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 4848: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 4950: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. C ARNEY . H.R. 4956: Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 4959: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5001: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5014: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5015: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 5022: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 5047: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5066: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5073: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5082: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5094: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 5112: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5130: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5131: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 5143: Mr. N
EUGEBAUER . H.R. 5157: Mr. M
CDERMOTT and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 5166: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.058 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2963 May 23, 2016 
H.R. 5167: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 5182: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 5187: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5188: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5207: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 5210: Mr. S
HUSTER , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Mr. M ASSIE . H.R. 5214: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5216: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5221: Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R
USH, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5224: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5230: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5245: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5249: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5254: Mr. P
ETERS and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5258: Mr. M
ARINO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 5262: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5283: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 5294: Mr. F
LEMING , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5296: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. A
SHFORD . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 14: Mr. Z
INKE and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 110: Mr. D
EUTCH . H. Res. 210: Mrs. C
APPS and Mr. M EADOWS . H. Res. 569: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H. Res. 591: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mr. B UCK. H. Res. 665: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. W ELCH . H. Res. 728: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. K
ILMER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure in H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Con-trol Act do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
HOUSE AMENDMENT TO S. 2012 O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  Page 101, before line 13, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1117. CONSIDERATION OF NATIONAL SECU-RITY IN SITING OF NEW NATURAL GAS PIPELINES. 
Section 7 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717f) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) In issuing a certificate of public con-venience and necessity for a proposed nat-ural gas pipeline under this section, the Commission shall consult with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security on matters of national security relating to the proposed natural gas pipeline, including with respect to terrorism, cybersecurity, and the siting of the proposed pipeline.’’. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. FARR A
MENDMENT NO. 1: Page 79, beginning on line 24, strike section 506. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BABIN A
MENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation’’ may be made avail-able to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, except for contracts or agreements that require the Islamic Re-public of Iran to cease the pursuit, acquisi-tion, and development of nuclear weapons technology. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BABIN A
MENDMENT NO. 3: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation’’ may be made avail-able to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, except for contracts or agreements that require the Islamic Re-public of Iran to cease the pursuit, acquisi-tion, and development of intercontinental ballistic missile technology. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BABIN A
MENDMENT NO. 4: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran, except for contracts or agree-ments that require the Islamic Republic of Iran to cease the pursuit, acquisition, and development of intercontinental ballistic missile technology. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. BABIN A
MENDMENT NO. 5: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  A
MENDMENT NO. 6: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, or any other Federal agency to lease or pur-chase new light duty vehicles for any execu-tive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. H.R. 5055 O
FFERED BY: MR. GRAYSON  A
MENDMENT NO7: At the end of the bill (be-fore the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: (A) within a three-year period preceding this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or (B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or (C) within a three-year period preceding this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY7.056 H23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3039 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 No. 81 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Mighty God, You shine in glorious brilliance. The world belongs to You and everything in it. Teach us to trust You in turbulent times, striving al-ways to live for Your glory. Bless our Senators. Make Your com-pleteness surround their incomplete-ness, Your strength support their weakness, and Your wisdom guide them down paths they cannot see. Give them the insight, the courage, and the faith to escape the repetition of old er-rors as they seek to embrace Your truth. Lord, help us all to offer to You the sacrifice of repentant hearts. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS BILLS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, last week, the Republican-led Senate passed two more appropriations bills by a large bipartisan majority. Both bills passed out of committee with unanimous support, were subject to hours of debate and deliberation, and included the input of both Democratic and Republican Senators. The first appropriations measure, for transportation and housing infrastruc-ture, will help ensure air travel is safer and more efficient, invest in important infrastructure, and strengthen Amer-ica’s surface transportation network. As Senator COLLINS pointed out last week, this bill includes ‘‘recommenda-tions from more than 75 Senators from both sides of the aisle’’ as well as more than three dozen amendments. I thank my friend from Maine for her skilled leadership and hard work with Ranking Member R
EEDof Rhode Island and col-leagues from both sides to advance this measure. The second funding measure, for vet-erans and military construction, will ensure that veterans receive benefits and health care they have earned while enhancing oversight and account-ability at the VA, helping improve quality of life on military bases for sol-diers and their families, and advancing critical national security projects like missile defense. As Senator K
IRKnoted last week, this bill incorporates over two dozen amendments, both from Democrats and Republicans. Senator K
IRKis a true champion for veterans. I know he always had the needs of our heroes top of mind as he worked with Democrats, with Republicans, and in particular with Ranking Member T
ESTER of Montana to move this crit-ical bill forward. By returning to regular order and working through the appropriations process, we have been able to pass ap-propriations measures like these that support national priorities in a respon-sible way. I also appreciate Senators working toward a compromise approach for Zika. Preventing the spread of Zika is a priority for all of us, and I am pleased the Senate has approved a com-promise provision to focus resources on this important health issue. We have now begun discussions on how best to resolve the differences between the House and the Senate and get a bill to the President. f 
LEGISLATION COMBATING SEXUAL ASSAULT AND HUMAN TRAF-FICKING AND HELPING ITS VIC-TIMS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on an important issue the Senate will address today, the Republican-led Sen-ate believes in the importance of com-bating sexual assault and providing key protections for the victims of these heinous crimes. In less than 18 months, we have already passed many different measures to help victims and to help stop these crimes. We passed the Amy and Vicky act, which will help the vic-tims of child pornography to get res-titution from those who profit from their pain. And because we know the pain doesn’t end when these images are produced, it can help victims find the closure they need and deserve too. We passed an important measure championed by Senator T
OOMEY , who worked with Senator A
LEXANDER to in-clude in the K–12 education reform bill a requirement that States put laws and policies in place to help ensure schools are no longer able to ship child preda-tors to other school districts. We passed a measure from Senator P
ORTMAN , who worked with Senator M
CCASKILL to hold an infamous child sex-trafficking company in contempt and force it to turn over critical infor-mation—information that is needed for their bipartisan human trafficking in-vestigation to continue. And, of course, we passed the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. The vic-tims of modern slavery deserve justice, and they deserve a voice, which is why—after years of previous inaction— the new Republican-led Senate made it a priority to pass this important anti- slavery bill. Of course, it is now law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.000 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3040 May 23, 2016 
This week we have two more oppor-tunities to protect victims. The first, contained in a provision within the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, is the End Modern Slavery Initiative Act. This effort would address human traf-ficking beyond our borders with tools to help end the scourge of modern slav-ery worldwide. I thank Senator C
ORKER  for his work on this measure. The second, the Adam Walsh Reau-thorization Act, will bolster efforts to prevent future sexual assault crimes and help victims receive justice. We will pass that one today. One group dedicated to combating trafficking noted its strong support for this ‘‘vital’’ legislation, which it calls ‘‘essential to the fight against child sex trafficking.’’ The Adam Walsh Reau-thorization Act has also received the support of the Nation’s largest anti- sexual violence organization, RAINN, along with organizations such as the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children. I have been involved with the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children since its inception and have had the privilege of working closely with the organization over the years. Protecting children and bringing jus-tice to victims have been top priorities of mine for many years. I have long worked with John Walsh, Adam’s fa-ther, to advance efforts to do so. I sup-ported the original Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act in 2006 in order to enhance law enforcement’s ability to track sexual offenders and improve its information-sharing capa-bilities and to support resources to aid in the apprehension of fugitives who commit these offenses. It is an impor-tant law, but the authorization for it expired in 2011. It was disheartening to watch reau-thorization legislation languish in the Senate and in the Judiciary Committee for years, but then Chairman G
RASSLEY  came along. Not only did he work to reauthorize the bill, he worked to make it stronger, with additional rights and protections for victims of sexual assault and human trafficking crimes. As he has done with other priorities, Chairman G
RASSLEY realized the ur-gency of moving this reauthorization forward and then worked diligently to advance it. It is just another example of his efforts to put the Judiciary Com-mittee to work for the American peo-ple. Under a new chairman, the Judiciary Committee has reported out some 30 bills and has seen more than a dozen signed into law. Time and again, the committee has taken on important issues and worked toward real solu-tions for our country. We saw a great example of that recently with Chair-man G
RASSLEY ’s efforts to help combat the heroin and prescription opioid epi-demic that is hurting so many commu-nities across our country. States like mine have been especially impacted by this drug crisis. I appreciated the steadfast commitment of colleagues like Chairman GRASSLEY , along with key Senators like P
ORTMAN and A
YOTTE , to address the issue and en-sure Senate passage of the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act. Chairman G
RASSLEY has worked hard to pass other pieces of legislation as well, such as a law to protect American innovation in the 21st century, for in-stance, and the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act that I mentioned ear-lier. Without Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s commitment in committee and Sen-ator C
ORNYN ’s relentless efforts on the floor, that important trafficking bill would not have become law. So it is clear that Senator G
RASSLEY has led the Judiciary Committee with a re-newed focus on providing hope and pro-viding a voice to those in need. We have just the latest examples of his commitment in the bill before us today. I commend Chairman G
RASSLEY for his strong leadership, and I urge my colleagues to join me today in sup-porting this important legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARVIN SIMMS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on one final matter, I want to close by saying a few words about Marvin Simms, who will be retiring from the Senate Recording Studio this month after three decades of service. Marvin was one of about a dozen original staffers brought on to help shoot the first ever live, gavel-to-gavel broadcast of the Senate floor. He has since become a real pro at capturing the best angles of this Chamber. For Marvin, getting there meant studying up on Senate procedure and teaching himself to instantly recognize a rotat-ing cast of 100 different names and faces, an impressive feat in itself. His career includes a number of historical milestones, from Presidential inau-gurations and gold medal ceremonies to Supreme Court nominations and the occasional all-night filibuster. I am told he is now looking forward to hav-ing a little more time to focus on his family. On behalf of the entire Senate fam-ily, I thank Marvin for his many years of dedicated public service and wish him well in his retirement. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS Mr. REID. Madam President, last Friday, as he should, President Obama gave the Nation an update on the fight against Zika, this virus that has be-come such a difficult issue to face. Here are the facts, as outlined by President Obama and reported by the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention: As we speak, there are more than 500 confirmed cases of Zika in the continental United States. There are at least 800 confirmed cases of infection in Puerto Rico, and most experts believe the actual number is significantly higher. There are 279 pregnant women in the continental United States and territories who are being monitored for possible Zika infection. We have yet to confirm any local transmission from Zika-carrying mosquitoes in the conti-nental United States. Remember, we have had an unseason-ably cold spring. That means that a mosquito with Zika has not yet in-fected anyone on the mainland. But the public health experts tell us that is going to change as soon as it warms up, and it is nearing the warmup time now. It is only when the warm weather hits that the mosquitoes become active, and they really become active. These pests are capable of transmitting Zika and are in 39 States. Residents of our Nation’s most populated cities—such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston—could be at risk of infec-tion. This map says it all. There are some places where there is only one type of mosquito, and, of course, the worst is the blue, as shown on the map. But there are places where there is a mix-ture of mosquitoes. There are two kinds of mosquitoes that cause a problem. It is spread to people primarily through the body of an infected mosquito. But look where it goes—from Maine to Texas, even reaching into Northern California, Las Vegas, and we see red up there, in Boulder, CO. So it is a concern, a real concern. For pregnant women, contracting Zika could mean devastating birth de-fects for their children, as we know, with these tiny little heads and under-developed brains and collapsed skulls. For others, the dangers of Zika range from possible nervous system disorders and potential paralysis to minor symp-toms such as rashes and fever like the flu. This is the threat that Republicans in Congress have been ignoring for many months now. Back in February—we are fast ap-proaching June. In February, President Obama sent an emergency appropria-tions request to Congress for almost $2 billion—$1.9 billion is the exact fig-ure—to fight Zika. It wasn’t some number that he picked out of a hat. This is a figure that researchers, public health experts, and doctors explicitly requested, and $1.9 billion is what our country needs. That is the number that I support and Democrats support. Any-thing less than that is simply not enough. Republicans did nothing in response to the President’s request, letting weeks and weeks go by as the number of infected Americans grew. Because of Republicans’ refusal to allocate Zika funding, President Obama had to act. He did the only thing he could do: He used $510 million in Ebola money to fight the spread of Zika. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.001 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3041 May 23, 2016 
It was 18 months ago that we were first hit with the Ebola scare. It was a scare—and rightfully so. We were pan-icked about Ebola. Americans had been infected with this awful disease. But the only thing we could do was to do more to find out how we could stop it with a vaccine and with other treat-ments. It takes money to do that. But to take more than half a billion dollars of Ebola money and fight the spread of Zika is taking from Peter to pay Paul. What choice did President Obama have? They were ignoring his pleas for help. Now that they can no longer ig-nore Zika, Republicans in Congress are reluctantly going through the motions of providing funding. As my friend the Republican leader said, we have taken care of Zika here on the floor—how wrong, how misleading. The Senate agreed to provide $1.1 billion—about half of what President Obama re-quested. But everyone knows that is not going to do the trick because that money is not going to be coming until sometime this fall. To make matters worse, the Senate- passed $1.1 billion package would do nothing to pay back the Ebola money. It would pay back a tiny fraction of the $510 million in Ebola funds that are so necessary to continue the work on Ebola. The Senate’s $1.1 billion is also wrapped up in the appropriations proc-ess. Appropriations bills take months to get done. By the time it gets to the President’s desk, it will be fall. We will know by then how much damage has been done because of the Republicans’ inability and refusal to help us with that money. The American people should not have to wait that long. That is why Senate Democrats have repeat-edly come to the floor and asked that we move to a Zika funding package as a stand-alone bill, separating from the very slow and tedious appropriations process. But each time, Republican leadership has objected. Senate Repub-licans don’t want to expedite the issue. They would prefer that our response to Zika be wrapped up in a drawn-out ap-propriations process. Our Nation can-not afford the unnecessary delay. House Republicans could not even pass a budget. Now we are depending on them to pass an appropriations bill before we do anything on Zika. They don’t have a budget. These are the same House Republicans who last week passed legislation to give President Obama a third—$622 million—of what the President asked. In fact, it is a lit-tle less than a third. Guess what. Guess where they are going to get that money. They are going to take it by raiding more Ebola money. Our Nation has spent the last 2 years fighting Ebola. But although we have been suc-cessful in responding to Ebola, it re-mains a threat. We do not have the ability to handle that disease. Last week, the White House reported that CDC officials in West Africa are processing 10,000 new Ebola samples a month. We can’t afford to drop our guard on Ebola. That is what the Re-publicans are telling us to do. If we take these funds away from our Na-tion’s response to the Ebola virus and we use them instead to underfund our response to Zika, we are ensuring that our defenses against both are inad-equate. That is irresponsible and ter-ribly dangerous. I don’t understand the Republicans’ refusal to take Zika seriously. Why do they refuse to listen to the experts who tell us they need the full $1.9 billion to be able to fight this devastating virus? It is as if the Republicans are betting that Zika will not be a disaster—like the horse race we had in Baltimore on Saturday. This is not a bet. It is as if they are betting against all the experts at the CDC and NIH who say the Zika virus is a real threat to Americans. They are saying it is a real threat to Americans because it is. Instead of gambling with the health and safety of millions of Americans, Republicans should give our Nation the money it needs to fight Zika, and they should do it now—not next month, not in the fall but now. As the President said on Friday, we in Congress should not leave for the Memorial Day break without having taken care of this issue. He is so right. We have been on record for weeks say-ing the same thing. We don’t need more time off. We already hold the record for working less time. This Senate is working less time than any Congress in the last six or seven decades. We don’t need more time off. So next week, rath-er than taking some time off, let’s get the legislation to the White House ap-propriating that money. We have time to get out ahead of Zika, but we need to do it now. That window is rapidly closing by the day. Let’s work together and do it now— Democrats and Republicans—to give our Nation the tools it needs to keep the American people safe from the virus. Right now, we are not safe. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARVIN SIMMS Mr. REID. Madam President, I join my friend the Republican leader in con-gratulating Marvin Simms on his well- deserved retirement next week, after more than 30 years working in the Sen-ate Recording Studio. He has been in-volved in so many of the things I have done in the last 30 years. We started here about the same time. When Marvin began, it was then called the Senate television crew. It was a much smaller operation than it is now. As the Senate evolved in the age of 24-hour press and media—and so much going on with the Internet also— so did his job. Over his three decades in the Senate, Marvin gained more and more responsibility, culminating in his position today as the broadcast produc-tion director. Marvin has worked on many of my television interviews, and he did a superb job. I wish Marvin and his family the best in his retirement. He is an avid friend of NASA, our national agency that does so much in space and all things re-lated to space. He is an avid fan. I hope he will use the extra time he has in re-tirement ‘‘to boldly go where no man has gone before.’’ For all you who don’t know what I am saying, if you know anything about Star Trek, you will realize this is a phrase from the show’s opening se-quence. Marvin, go boldly where no man has gone before. Thank you very much for your good work. The floor appears to be empty, Madam President. I ask the Chair to announce what the Senate is going to do the rest of the day. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 4:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LABOR DEPARTMENT PENSION RULE Ms. WARREN. Madam President, 8 years ago reckless bankers on Wall Street sparked a financial meltdown. Their too-big-to-fail banks gambled with our economy, encouraging reck-less mortgage lending by funding the slimy subprime lenders who peddled their miserable products to millions of American families. Those same banks then gobbled up those dangerous mort-gages, repackaged them, and spread huge risks throughout the financial system. The consequences were disastrous. Wall Street greed destroyed $7 trillion in housing wealth and resulted in mil-lions of Americans losing their homes. It killed 8.7 million American jobs. It gutted hundreds of pension funds, leav-ing millions of retirees hung out to dry. Thanks to Washington bailouts, Wall Street is once again flying high. Cor-porate profits are up, and the stock market is soaring. But the real people who were hurt by the financial col-lapse—the millions of workers who lost their jobs, lost their homes, and lost their retirement savings because of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.003 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3042 May 23, 2016 
Wall Street’s reckless greed—many of them haven’t bounced back. The evi-dence of this is everywhere, but con-sider just one recent example. Earlier this month, 400,000 participants in the Central States Pension Fund narrowly escaped having their hard-earned pen-sion benefits slashed by as much as 70 percent. Their benefits were on the chopping block because that fund is in terrible trouble. There are a lot of rea-sons why, but one reason is beyond dis-pute: Wall Street greed. The story is ugly. In the runup to the financial collapse, Goldman Sachs and Northern Trust were in charge of man-aging the Central States Pension Fund and making its investment decisions. Instead of doing what was best for workers and retirees, these financial giants invested those retirement sav-ings in junk bonds and mortgage bonds issued by firms whose names today would fill a Wall Street Hall of Shame: Bear Stearns, Countrywide, IndyMac, and Lehman Brothers. The crash of 2008 hit the Central States Pension Fund like a shiv in the ribs. In 15 months in 2008 and early 2009, pension assets managed by Gold-man Sachs and Northern Trust dropped by 42 percent. That is more than twice the losses suffered by other multi-em-ployer pension funds. And to add salt to the wound—the part that really twists the knife here—from 2005 to 2009, Goldman Sachs and Northern Trust charged Central States $41 million for the privilege of managing and wreck-ing their retirement fund. Last month the Treasury Depart-ment rejected pension cuts to the Cen-tral States Pension Fund for the short term and bought these retirees some time. But this story isn’t over. Unless the Senate acts, this pension plan will collapse within 10 years. Unless the Senate acts, hundreds of thousands of retirees whose pensions are currently on life support will lose those pensions entirely. Tomorrow the Republicans, who con-trol the Senate, are ready to act. To-morrow they will bring a pension bill to the floor. Is it a bill to help save the 400,000 men and women of the Central States Pension Fund whose futures were decimated through no fault of their own? On that topic, the Repub-licans have nothing to say. Instead, the Republicans are bringing up a bill to make it easier—easier—for giant Wall Street financial institutions to cheat Americans out of their retirement sav-ings. The Senate will be voting to make it easier for shady financial institutions and unscrupulous financial advisers to mislead investors about the quality of the investments so those advisers can continue pushing lousy products, just like the junk bonds and mortgage funds that tanked the Central States pension plan. The Senate will be voting on whether to overturn the common-sense regulations the Department of Labor completed last month to protect Americans’ hard-earned retirement savings from slick-talking advisers who push complicated products that give great payoffs to the advisers and terrible results for their customers. Here is the problem: Because of loop-holes in the law, it has long been per-fectly legal for investment advisers to push products that drain away cus-tomer savings while they generate high fees, free vacations, cars, bonuses, and kickbacks for the advisers. These con-flicts cost American families an esti-mated $17 billion every year. The new commonsense rule would put a stop to these practices. It is a pretty simple rule. It would ensure that financial ad-visers have to recommend products that are in the customers’ best inter-ests. No more pushing products just to generate high fees and payments for the advisers. No more free vacations. No more kickbacks. Why would anyone on Earth vote to overturn a rule de-signed to protect Americans from fi-nancial fraud? Why? Because it is an election year, so Senators and Con-gressmen have their hands out, willing to take every dime of Wall Street money they can get. Killing this new rule will cost American families $17 billion a year in lost retirement sav-ings, but it will sure help to fill up the campaign accounts of the Republican Senators who vote for it. In the mean-time, the clock keeps ticking for hun-dreds of thousands of Central States re-tirees, and the Republicans refuse to do anything. The Republicans who control the Senate may think that tomorrow’s vote will help their fundraising efforts. Even so, I will be voting no because we weren’t sent here just to raise money for reelections. We weren’t sent here to make money for Wall Street and their armies of lobbyists and lawyers. We weren’t sent here to reward the too- big-to-fail banks that tanked our econ-omy and then got billions of dollars in bailouts. We weren’t sent here to make it easier for financial institutions to cheat people. The Republicans who run the Senate seem to have forgotten that. If they don’t remember it soon, you can bet the American people will remind them in November. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VIETNAM Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I know President Obama is visiting Viet-nam. I want to speak briefly about that, but I also want to comment about the contribution many Vietnamese Americans are making in the United States and particularly back home in Texas. They demonstrate the vividness and the life of the pursuit of the Amer-ican dream because these are some of the most accomplished people in our communities back in Texas. Many people don’t realize how big of a Vietnamese community Texas has. Many are surprised when I tell them that Vietnamese is the third most com-monly spoken language in Texas. Ad-mittedly, English, even Texas English, is No. 1 and then obviously Spanish, with 38 percent of our population of Hispanic origin—but it is still a siz-able, vibrant part of our State and our communities. I have been particularly impressed by the passion and drive of those from Vietnam who have now made America their home—how passionate they are about things we perhaps take for granted, such as the same freedoms we enjoy here that folks back in Vietnam do not enjoy. As a matter of fact, it is important to remember, even as President Obama is traveling to Vietnam, that Vietnam is a brutal Communist regime that continues to disregard basic human rights. Sure, our economic relation-ships could bear fruit—and in fact I am encouraged by that and would encour-age that—but we cannot forget that, at bottom, the regime is Communist, and it disregards basic human rights. I expect a lot of the conversations the President is having with the gov-ernment will focus on our common threats in the Pacific, particularly the rise and belligerence of China, particu-larly in the South China Sea. I am sure it will focus on the need for more ro-bust economic relationships and per-haps the benefits of trade agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership. I agree economics and trade are im-portant, but we can’t let the prospect of greater economic ties dampen our convictions as a democratic nation to encourage greater freedoms for the Vi-etnamese people. Recently, Reporters Without Borders ranked Vietnam 175th out of 180 countries worldwide when it comes to freedom of the media—175th out of 180. Unfortunately, the regime does not fare any better when it comes to reli-gious liberty either. The truth is, our two countries will never achieve the kind of close relationship that I know many in Vietnam and many in the United States aspire to until Vietnam releases all political prisoners, dem-onstrates basic respect for human rights, and embraces self-government ideals that we again take for granted in America. I believe that until that happens, the United States has no choice but to con-tinue to hold Vietnam at arm’s length. That means we must do all we can to put pressure on the regime to strength-en freedoms for the Vietnamese people. I am hopeful, in moving forward, the United States will do a better job of making clear that the Communist re-gime in Hanoi must improve its human rights record. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.004 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3043 May 23, 2016 
Fortunately, we in the Congress can play a role. Earlier this year, I reintro-duced a piece of legislation called the Vietnam Human Rights Sanctions Act, legislation that would impose travel restrictions and other sanctions on Vi-etnamese nationals who are complicit in human rights abuses against their follow people. I intend to offer this leg-islation, the Vietnam Human Rights Sanctions Act, as an amendment to the national defense authorization bill we will be debating this week. The United States simply must do more to support the rights of the Viet-namese people and freedom-loving peo-ple everywhere. We simply can’t give a pass to the Vietnamese regime and a pass to their oppressive government be-cause, frankly, it is a little inconven-ient to bring up during the time we are talking about trade and better eco-nomic relationships. This bill is a step forward in the fight for their civil, religious, and political liberties. 
f 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, shortly the Senate will pass another important piece of legislation, the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act. This is legislation that will better equip the States to track sex offenders and pre-vent abuse. Since the new majority took control of this Chamber, the Sen-ate has prioritized bills that protect victims, that make our communities safer. This latest bill fits that model. For example, I was proud to intro-duce the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, which was signed into law by President Obama this last spring. That happened to enjoy a 99-to-0 vote in the Senate, clearly bipartisan legis-lation directed at helping the victims of human trafficking. I am pleased to report that this law has already begun helping those victims recover and find a path for healing. In another example, the Senate Judi-ciary Committee recently approved the Justice for All Reauthorization Act, legislation I introduced with our col-league from Vermont, Senator L
EAHY , that will improve the criminal justice system by helping eliminate the back-log of untested rape kits in commu-nities throughout the country and by helping victims find justice faster. I might add that, thanks to the lead-ership of Chairman G
RASSLEY of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the Judi-ciary Committee has been as active and as productive as any other time I have been in the Senate. Finally, earlier this year we joined several of our colleagues to introduce Kari’s Law, another bipartisan bill that would ensure that people have the ability to directly call 911 without hav-ing to dial an extra number, which hap-pens to be particularly important in hotel rooms and other places. Particu-larly if a young child picks up a phone and dials 911, as they have been in-structed, it is important that they be able to get through. This is a simple change but one that will help law enforcement and emer-gency personnel reach those who need help as soon as possible. I hope we can move this legislation forward soon. I am proud of the work the Senate has done in these and other areas this year. I hope this afternoon we can add the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act to that list. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of S. 2613, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2613) to reauthorize certain pro-grams established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 2613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SEX OFFENDER MANAGEMENT ASSIST-ANCE (SOMA) PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION. 
Section 126(d) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16926(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2018, to be available only for— ‘‘(1) the SOMA program; and ‘‘(2) the Jessica Lunsford Address Verification Grant Program established under section 631.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL ASSIST-ANCE WITH RESPECT TO VIOLA-TIONS OF REGISTRATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 142(b) of the Adam Walsh Child Pro-tection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16941(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2007 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘to the United States Mar-shals Service $61,300,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2018’’. SEC. 4. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in para-graph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 5. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after chapter 237 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 238—SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ RIGHTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3772. Sexual assault survivors’ rights. ‘‘§ 3772. Sexual assault survivors’ rights ‘‘(a) R
IGHTS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT SUR-
VIVORS .—In addition to those rights provided in section 3771, a sexual assault survivor has the following rights: ‘‘(1) The right not to be prevented from, or charged for, receiving a medical forensic exam-ination. ‘‘(2) The right to— ‘‘(A) subject to paragraph (3), have a sexual assault evidence collection kit or its probative contents preserved, without charge, for the du-ration of the maximum applicable statute of lim-itations or 20 years, whichever is shorter; ‘‘(B) be informed of any result of a sexual as-sault evidence collection kit, including a DNA profile match, toxicology report, or other infor-mation collected as part of a medical forensic examination, if such disclosure would not im-pede or compromise an ongoing investigation; and ‘‘(C) be informed in writing of policies gov-erning the collection and preservation of a sex-ual assault evidence collection kit. ‘‘(3) The right, if the Government intends to destroy or dispose of a sexual assault evidence collection kit or its probative contents before the expiration of the applicable time period under paragraph (2)(A), to— ‘‘(A) upon written request, receive written no-tification from the appropriate official with cus-tody not later than 60 days before the date of the intended destruction or disposal; and ‘‘(B) upon written request, be granted further preservation of the kit or its probative contents. ‘‘(4) The right to be informed of the rights under this subsection. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (b) through (f) of section 3771 shall apply to sexual assault survivors. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT .—The Attorney General shall by regulation define the term ‘sexual assault’ for purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—This section, other than para-graphs (2)(A) and (3)(B) of subsection (a), shall be carried out using funds made available under section 1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)). No ad-ditional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘238. Sexual assault survivors’ rights 3772’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO VICTIMS OF CRIME ACT OF  1984.—Section 1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘section 3771’’ the following: ‘‘or section 3772, as it relates to direct services,’’. 
SEC. 6. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ NOTIFICA-TION GRANTS. 
The Victims of Crime Act of 1984 is amended by adding after section 1404E (42 U.S.C. 10603e) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1404F. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ NOTI-FICATION GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General may make grants as provided in section 1404(c)(1)(A) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.005 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3044 May 23, 2016 
to States to develop and disseminate to entities described in subsection (c)(1) of this section written notice of applicable rights and policies for sexual assault survivors. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION OF RIGHTS .—Each recipient of a grant awarded under subsection (a) shall make its best effort to ensure that each entity described in subsection (c)(1) provides individ-uals who identify as a survivor of a sexual as-sault, and who consent to receiving such infor-mation, with written notice of applicable rights and policies regarding— ‘‘(1) the right not to be charged fees for or otherwise prevented from pursuing a sexual as-sault evidence collection kit; ‘‘(2) the right to have a sexual assault medical forensic examination regardless of whether the survivor reports to or cooperates with law en-forcement; ‘‘(3) the availability of a sexual assault advo-cate; ‘‘(4) the availability of protective orders and policies related to their enforcement; ‘‘(5) policies regarding the storage, preserva-tion, and disposal of sexual assault evidence collection kits; ‘‘(6) the process, if any, to request preserva-tion of sexual assault evidence collection kits or the probative evidence from such kits; and ‘‘(7) the availability of victim compensation and restitution. ‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF WRITTEN NOTICE .— Each recipient of a grant awarded under sub-section (a) shall— ‘‘(1) provide the written notice described in subsection (b) to medical centers, hospitals, fo-rensic examiners, sexual assault service pro-viders, State and local law enforcement agen-cies, and any other State agency or department reasonably likely to serve sexual assault sur-vivors; and ‘‘(2) make the written notice described in sub-section (b) publicly available on the Internet website of the attorney general of the State. ‘‘(d) P
ROVISION TOPROMOTE COMPLIANCE .— The Attorney General may provide such tech-nical assistance and guidance as necessary to help recipients meet the requirements of this sec-tion. ‘‘(e) I
NTEGRATION OF SYSTEMS .—Any system developed and implemented under this section may be integrated with an existing case man-agement system operated by the recipient of the grant if the system meets the requirements listed in this section.’’. 
SEC. 7. WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), shall establish a joint working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Work-ing Group’’) to develop, coordinate, and dissemi-nate best practices regarding the care and treat-ment of sexual assault survivors and the preser-vation of forensic evidence. (b) C
ONSULTATION WITHSTAKEHOLDERS .—The Working Group shall consult with— (1) stakeholders in law enforcement, prosecu-tion, forensic laboratory, counseling, forensic examiner, medical facility, and medical provider communities; and (2) representatives of not less than 3 entities with demonstrated expertise in sexual assault prevention, sexual assault advocacy, or rep-resentation of sexual assault victims, of which not less than 1 representative shall be a sexual assault victim. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Working Group shall be composed of governmental or nongovern-mental agency heads at the discretion of the At-torney General, in consultation with the Sec-retary. (d) D
UTIES .—The Working Group shall— (1) develop recommendations for improving the coordination of the dissemination and imple-mentation of best practices and protocols re-garding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence to hospital administrators, physicians, forensic ex-aminers, and other medical associations and leaders in the medical community; (2) encourage, where appropriate, the adop-tion and implementation of best practices and protocols regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence among hospital administrators, physi-cians, forensic examiners, and other medical as-sociations and leaders in the medical commu-nity; (3) develop recommendations to promote the coordination of the dissemination and imple-mentation of best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence to State attorneys general, United States attorneys, heads of State law enforcement agencies, forensic laboratory directors and managers, and other leaders in the law enforcement community; (4) develop and implement, where practicable, incentives to encourage the adoption or imple-mentation of best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence among State attor-neys general, United States attorneys, heads of State law enforcement agencies, forensic labora-tory directors and managers, and other leaders in the law enforcement community; (5) collect feedback from stakeholders, practi-tioners, and leadership throughout the Federal and State law enforcement, victim services, fo-rensic science practitioner, and health care com-munities to inform development of future best practices or clinical guidelines regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors; and (6) perform other activities, such as activities relating to development, dissemination, out-reach, engagement, or training associated with advancing victim-centered care for sexual as-sault survivors. (e) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Working Group shall submit to the Attorney General, the Secretary, and Congress a report containing the findings and recommended actions of the Work-ing Group. 
SEC. 8. CIVIL REMEDY FOR SURVIVORS OF CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 2255(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘ends’’ before the period at the end. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I rise to discuss the Sexual Assault Sur-vivors’ Rights Act. I am very pleased this legislation has been incorporated into the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act that is before us this afternoon. I thank the chair and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Senators G
RASSLEY and L EAHY , for their help and support in moving this important legislation forward. The Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act builds on the legacy of the Crime Victims’ Rights Act by establishing our Nation’s first set of codified, court- enforceable rights to address unique issues faced by sexual assault sur-vivors. These rights, coupled with re-newed efforts to educate survivors about available options and resources, will help empower survivors already in the justice system. In addition, this bill will send a powerful message to survivors all across the country: You do have rights. We do care about you. If you choose to come forward, we are going to be there for you, and we are going to ensure a justice system that treats you with dignity and fairness. As many of our colleagues know, sex-ual assault remains one of the most pervasive and complex challenges in our justice system. It affects every seg-ment and demographic of our society, young and old, rich and poor, rural and urban. The immediate physical harm of an attack can result in a lifetime of emotional scars and lingering stigma. Sexual assault is also one of the most difficult crimes to prosecute. For start-ers, it is the most underreported crime in our country. The Department of Jus-tice estimates that nearly 70 percent of attacks go unreported and only a small percentage of perpetrators go to prison. When we ask survivors why other victims don’t come forward and press charges, they tell us our justice system seems to be working against them, not for them. They even say the trauma of an attack can be compounded by the disappointment they feel when our legal system puts so many needless ob-stacles in the path of justice. For sur-vivors, it is too often a grueling and be-wildering process. Many feel intimi-dated and ultimately choose not to go forward. Some who may initially file charges give up before their case is re-solved or they simply slip through the cracks. In many States, sexual assault survivors risk having their untested rape kits destroyed, sometimes with-out their knowledge. This issue came to the attention of my office when a 24-year-old young woman, Amanda Nguyen, came to my office and told me about her experience with this very issue. She had the tragic circumstance of having been raped in Massachusetts, and despite the State’s 20-year statute of limitations for sex-ual assault, Amanda has had to return to the same police station every 6 months just to make sure her rape kit evidence is not destroyed. That means that every 6 months she has to relive the crime that was committed against her. She has to meet with a different person, reexplain her situation, and hope her evidence is not destroyed. What is worse, if Amanda had not been proactive in figuring out all the rel-evant policies, her evidence could have been destroyed without her even being notified. Fortunately, Amanda didn’t give up. She decided this was wrong and she was going to do something about it. She visited a number of offices across Capitol Hill, and when she got to ours, we said: You are right. This is wrong. We need to do something about it, and we worked with her and with an orga-nization she started called Rise to put together legislation that could serve as a model for the rest of the country. Fortunately, the Senate has an op-portunity to respond to the issues Amanda raised and so many people have faced across this country. This bill will establish in the Adam Walsh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.001 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3045 May 23, 2016 
Reauthorization Act the first set of court-enforceable rights for survivors of sexual assault codified in the U.S. Criminal Code. These rights are specifi-cally designed to address many of the unique challenges faced by survivors of sexual assault. They include common-sense changes, such as ensuring that survivors are not charged for the rape kits, requiring that the relevant evi-dence be kept for the entire statute of limitations period, the right to be in-formed of the medical results of a rape forensic examination, and the right to have written notice before a rape kit containing critical evidence is de-stroyed. It is important to note that the rights contained in this bill would only apply at the Federal level. However, they are drawn from best practices de-veloped by many States, and we are hopeful they will serve as a model and a catalyst for each of the 50 States to enact or improve their own survivor bill of rights. Already we have heard from several State legislators who in-tend to introduce bills mirroring the Federal standards in this legislation. We know the status quo is not ac-ceptable. Currently, inadequate laws work against survivors, against law en-forcement, and against prosecutors— serving only the perpetrators who too often remain at large. It is past time for a reform process that ends the si-lence surrounding sexual assault, brings it out of the shadows, and gives survivors a fair shot at justice. This is exactly what the Sexual Assault Sur-vivors’ Rights Act will do. I am so pleased it has been included in the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act that is before us today. Again, I thank the Judiciary Committee. I thank Amanda Nguyen and Rise. They have been so critical to getting this legislation included in the Adam Walsh Act, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill when it comes to the floor. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today we will vote on the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016. Passage of this bipartisan bill will send a strong and clear message to the American people about Congress’s steadfast com-mitment to keeping our children safe from sexual predators and other vio-lent criminals. Many of us supported the original Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act, which is so named for a 6- year-old boy who was abducted and tragically murdered nearly 35 years ago. Adam Walsh was abducted on July 27, 1981, from a mall in Hollywood, FL. In what is every parent’s nightmare, Adam’s remains were found 2 weeks later, more than 100 miles from his home. This year marks the 35th anniversary of his disappearance. In the intervening years, his parents, John and Reve Walsh, have dedicated their lives to protecting children from harm and bringing child predators to justice. John Walsh collaborated on the devel-opment of the original Adam Walsh Act, and he has continued to provide invaluable insight regarding the reau-thorization bill that is before us today. This bill is yet another bipartisan measure that the Senate Judiciary Committee reported unanimously in the 114th Congress. Senators HATCH , S
CHUMER , and F EINSTEIN , who all co-sponsored an early Senate version of the 2006 Adam Walsh Act, have once again joined as original cosponsors of this legislation. I want to also thank our committee’s ranking member, Sen-ator L
EAHY , as well as Senator A YOTTE  and other Members of this Chamber who have joined as cosponsors or con-tributed in some way to the bill’s suc-cess. As a reminder, the Adam Walsh Act originally was enacted in response to notorious cases involving children who had been targeted by adult criminals, many of them repeat sex offenders. The names Johnny Gosch, Eugene Martin, and Jetseta Gage, for example, still bring heartbreak to all Iowans. Johnny Gosch was a 12-year-old paperboy deliv-ering newspapers in West Des Moines, IA, when he disappeared in 1982. Two years later, 13-year-old Eugene Martin disappeared in Des Moines, IA—also while delivering newspapers. And 10- year-old Jetseta Gage was kidnapped, raped, and murdered by a convicted sex offender in rural Johnson County, IA in 2005. The original Adam Walsh Act was en-acted in response to these and many other cases involving missing children. The 2006 law established numerous pro-grams, but their authorization expired some years ago. Several of these pro-grams, for which Congress continues to provide funding in the annual appro-priations process, are the centerpiece of the Adam Walsh Act and are key to its successful implementation. This bill would extend the authorization for these pivotal programs. First, this bill would reauthorize the sex offender management assistance program. It is estimated that there are more than 700,000 registered sex offend-ers in the United States. This program helps States to meet national notifica-tion and registration standards for these sex offenders. It also helps State and local law enforcement agencies im-prove their sex offender registry sys-tems and information sharing capabili-ties. Second, this bill would extend the Jessica Lunsford Address Verification Grant Program. Who can forget Jessica Lunsford, for whom this program is named? This 9-year-old Florida girl was abducted and murdered by a registered sex offender who lived nearby. Her story is not unlike that of 10-year-old Jetseta Gage. The Jessica Lunsford program au-thorizes grants to State and local gov-ernments to help fund programs that verify the residences of registered sex offenders. Having accurate information on where sex offenders live is crucial to ensuring that law enforcement can ade-quately protect the safety of children and keep the public informed. Third, this bill authorizes continued funding for the U.S. Marshals Service to support local efforts to track down sex offenders who fail to register as such or who later disappear from the system. These fugitive apprehension activities, authorized under the origi-nal Adam Walsh Act, continue to be funded by appropriators, but they need to be reauthorized. Extending the au-thorization signals Congress’s contin-ued commitment to ensuring that these activities continue. Fourth, during the committee mark-up of this bill, I offered a substitute amendment that incorporates a pack-age of new rights for sexual assault survivors. It was accepted with the unanimous support of our committee members. Several members worked with me on its development, and I ap-preciate their contributions. I want to especially thank Ms. Amanda Nguyen, a young woman who has bravely spo-ken out about her experience of sexual assault. Amanda, who founded a non-profit known as RISE, originated the idea for a survivors’ rights package and urged me to incorporate such language in this bill. The package we adopted in the Judi-ciary Committee includes new rights, under our Federal Criminal Code, for victims of sexual assault offenses. These rights are in addition to those already available to all victims of crime under the Federal Criminal Code. They include the right not to be prevented from or charged for receiv-ing a medical forensic exam. They in-clude the right to have a sexual assault evidence collection kit preserved with-out charge for the statutory limita-tions period or 20 years. They include the right to be informed of the results of that kit’s analysis, as well as poli-cies governing the kit’s collection and preservation. They include the right to notice when the government intends to dispose of a sexual assault evidence collection kit. RISE endorsed these provisions last July. The bill reported by our committee also clarifies that the Justice Depart-ment can make discretionary grants available, under the crime victims fund, to States that agree to notify sexual assault survivors of any applica-ble rights under state law. The bill calls for the establishment of a Federal working group to disseminate best practices for the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and for the preservation of forensic evidence. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.008 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3046 May 23, 2016 
bill also would extend the statutory deadline by which child victims of cer-tain human trafficking and child abuse offenses can file suit against their per-petrators. We also added language to the bill, at the suggestion of the Judicial Con-ference of the United States, to clarify that courts can supervise sexual of-fenders after their release from civil confinement. Courts already do this in practice, just as they do with criminal offenders after their release, but this legislation clarifies judges’ authority to do so. Before concluding, I should mention that the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act not only has the bipartisan support of members of this chamber, but also has the support of groups that advocate for child protection and safety, such as the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. It has been en-dorsed by two leading antihuman traf-ficking organizations, Polaris and Shared Hope International. And as al-ready mentioned, the current version has the support of John Walsh and RISE. Finally, I want to reiterate that the 35th anniversary of the abduction of and murder of young Adam Walsh will take place in July. It is my hope that we can send this legislation to the President’s desk before that date passes. As a father and as a grand-father, I cannot stress enough the im-portance of making this bill’s passage a priority for the 114th Congress. We cannot bring back Adam Walsh, Jetseta Gage, Jessica Lunsford, or the other innocent children we have lost under such terrible circumstances. But we can do our best to honor their mem-ory and to protect America’s present and future children by extending these key programs that were authorized under the original Adam Walsh Act. I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, soon the Senate will vote on legislation to reau-thorize key elements of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act. I supported this important law when it was first enacted nearly 10 years ago, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of this reauthorization bill. Both the original legislation and the reauthorization bill we are voting on today bear the name of Adam Walsh, a young boy who was abducted and mur-dered nearly 35 years ago. Since that tragic day, Adam’s father, John, has been a determined and tireless advo-cate on behalf of missing and exploited children. I have worked with John Walsh and others over the years to pro-tect the most vulnerable among us. As a Senator and former prosecutor—but most importantly, as a father and a grandfather—I take seriously my duty to protect the children of Vermont and every community throughout the coun-try. The Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act will reauthorize two important programs that assist State and local law enforcement agencies to monitor and apprehend sex offenders. Specifi-cally, this legislation authorizes the Attorney General to continue pro-viding grants to State and local law en-forcement agencies in their efforts to improve sex offender registry systems. The bill also reauthorizes funding for grants to improve information sharing and verification and supports the work of the U.S. Marshals Service in helping State and local law enforcement to lo-cate and apprehend sex offenders who fail to comply with registration re-quirements. For more than three decades, the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children, NCMEC, has served as a na-tional clearinghouse on issues related to missing and exploited children. I know that the center works closely with the marshals and other Federal, State, and local law enforcement agen-cies, and the Adam Walsh Reauthoriza-tion Act will help further our support for these collaborative efforts. NCMEC has played a vital role in these efforts, which is why last Congress, I helped lead the fight to reauthorize NCMEC, so that it could continue its important work. The bill also includes an important set of provisions authored by Senator S
HAHEEN to protect the rights of sexual assault survivors, particularly with re-gard to sexual assault and rape kits. I want to thank and applaud Senator S
HAHEEN for her hard work and leader-ship on the Sexual Assault Survivors Rights Act. As an original cosponsor of her bill, I supported the inclusion of her important measure as part of this bill. I encourage all Senators to support this bill. I hope that the House will take it up and promptly pass it so that it can be signed into law by the Presi-dent. There is no need to delay any longer our support for the Federal, State, and local enforcement agencies that work tirelessly to protect the children of our community. But once this bill become law, our job does not end there. It is not sufficient to just pay lip service to this issue and allow Congress to pat itself on the back for passing an authorization bill. Just as we have seen with our efforts to com-bat the opioid abuse epidemic, a bill that authorizes programs is important and worthy of support, but ultimately an empty promise if it is not backed up with the actual Federal resources that Congress authorizes. I will keep fight-ing to ensure that Congress puts its money where its mouth is and provides the funding that is necessary to sup-port these important efforts. I will con-tinue fighting to improve our laws so that we protect the most vulnerable in all of our communities. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I support the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016,’’ an important bill crafted to protect—and support—vic-tims of sex crimes. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation introduced by Senators G
RASSLEY and S CHUMER . The bill reauthorizes important pro-grams that assist States in managing sex offenders and reauthorizes the U.S. Marshals Service efforts to locate and apprehend these offenders. The bill also protects the rights of sexual assault survivors. For example, it includes pro-visions to ensure sexual assault sur-vivors are notified of their rights, such as the right to have a sexual assault medical forensic examination. For many years, Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona and I pushed to provide vic-tims of crime with basic protections in the criminal justice system. Those ef-forts culminated with the passage of the Crime Victims’ Rights Act of 2004. This bill similarly recognizes the rights of victims of sexual assault—an important step forward. Finally, the bill includes a provision that I authored, along with Senator CORNYN , to extend the time for minor victims of sex crimes to pursue justice against their perpetrators. Across this country, those who were sexually exploited as children are cou-rageously coming forward, many years after the abuse took place. My office has heard from a number of victims from California who—in the height of their innocence as children— were subjected to untold abuse and sex-ual exploitation. Many of these victims were not able to come forward until many years later—after they had reached adulthood. To address this, I authored language to extend the statute of limitations for minor victims of Federal sex crimes. Specifically, section 8 of the bill ex-tends the civil statute of limitations until the age of 28 to allow minor vic-tims of sex offenses, including sexual abuse and child pornography, to sue their perpetrators. This brings the statute of limitations in line with a similar law that provides a remedy for victims of sex trafficking. This provision is one step in the right direction, but we must do more to re-form the statute of limitations for minor victims of Federal sex offenses. Indeed, Senator C
ORNYN and I re-cently introduced legislation called the Extending Justice for Sex Crime Vic-tims Act of 2016. This bill would clarify the law so that the civil statute of lim-itations for Federal sex crime victims begins to run 10 years after the later of when the victim actually discovers the injury or the violation, or when the victim turns 28 years old. This is im-portant because victims of sex crimes are sometimes abused even before they can remember or understand the abuse—some as young as 3 years old. I am hopeful that the Senate will take up and pass the bill I have intro-duced separately with Senator C
ORNYN  to address this issue. I am pleased to support the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016 today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.002 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3047 May 23, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Hearing none, it is so ordered. 
HONORING WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS  
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I am pleased to report that last week, bipar-tisan legislation to restore the rights of the Women Airforce Service Pilots, or WASP, to have their ashes inurned at Arlington National Cemetery was signed into law. I was proud to have led the Senate’s effort, with Senator M
IKULSKI , to honor this group of revolutionary women who courageously served our country. I thank Congresswomen M
ARTHA  M
CSALLY and S USAN DAVIS for their leadership and for spearheading this bill in the House. On the heels of Pearl Harbor, these trailblazing women bucked the status quo and made tremendous sacrifices for this Nation. They joined a groundbreaking flight training pro-gram for women, flying noncombat service missions for the Army Air Force to free their male counterparts for combat duty overseas. The WASP willingly put their lives on the line for this country during a time of war. This work wasn’t easy and certainly con-tained peril. In fact, 38 WASP died in service to our great country during World War II. Their sacrifice and love for this Nation deserves to be cele-brated and always remembered. Iowa was at one time or another home to at least 25 courageous WASP. While they were eventually granted veteran status in 1977, it was not until 2002 that the Army allowed these women to have their ashes placed in Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors. In 2015 that honor was inexplicably and wrongly revoked by the Army. With less than 100 WASP still living, time was short to do what was right and honor these women for their self-less sacrifice and service to our Nation. They were role models for women in the military, like me, and proved their strength and fortitude in the missions they carried out. I want to take this time to honor these extraordinary women and thank them for their remarkable military service. As Memorial Day approaches, I am grateful that we can restore a basic honor to them and their families through this law. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 469, S. 2943. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. John McCain, Thad Cochran, Lindsey Graham, Joni Ernst, James M. Inhofe, Tom Cotton, Kelly Ayotte, Richard Burr, Cory Gardner, Jeff Sessions, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Dan Sul-livan, Orrin G. Hatch, Tim Scott, John Cornyn, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona is recog-nized. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am sure that all of our colleagues made note of the latest tragedy, which is most likely a terrorist attack, and that is the airliner that disappeared, and now they are finding pieces of that air-liner. We don’t know positively what happened, but it has all the earmarks of a terrorist attack. I know that many of my colleagues know that the Director of National In-telligence, General Clapper, testified before our committee and said that there are most likely going to be addi-tional attacks in Europe and in the United States, either the type that took place in San Bernardino or at-tacks that—Mr. Baghdadi has sent his people into the refugee flow to commit attacks on the United States of Amer-ica. We just finished up a couple weeks ago—a few days ago a defense author-ization bill. That bill is a very large bill, and it contains reforms and changes in the way we do business. It changes a whole lot of things. It also takes care of the men and women who are serving in the military. It provides them with greater capability to fight this virus of radical terrorist Islam, which is threatening the United States of America in a way that has been un-precedented in 70 years. We are subject to attacks like San Bernardino, like what we just saw with the airliner, which is most likely—I am not positive, but it has all the ear-marks. I have seen enough to know that this is most likely a terrorist at-tack. Meanwhile, ISIS is metastasizing Libya. It is committing attacks in Baghdad which are killing hundreds of people. We see the terrible atrocities committed by ISIS or Daesh—which-ever one you call it—all over the world, in Africa and other parts. So we need this legislation. We need this legislation for the men and women who are serving. The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dempsey, said that what we are doing now puts us on the ‘‘ragged edge’’ of being able to defend this Nation. The Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps said the same thing. The Chief of Staff of the United States Army said: ‘‘We are putting the men and women in the military at greater risk.’’ Those are his exact words. ‘‘We are putting the men and women in the military at greater risk.’’ So what are we doing here? We are not moving forward with the bill. For some reason, the majority leader is having to file cloture, and then we wait a number of days, and then we take up the bill, and then maybe we don’t fin-ish the bill while we go into recess. Don’t we owe the men and women in the military better than that? Shouldn’t we take up this bill and dis-pense with it, do a conference with the House and send it to the President’s desk so that the President of the United States will sign it and the men and women in the military will be bet-ter equipped, better trained, better able to defend themselves and this Na-tion, or are we going to go through some kind of foolishness of having the majority leader having to file cloture and then we wait 48 hours? It is being totally divorced from the reality of what is happening in the world. Just a few days ago, a brave young SEAL was killed in Syria, a young man named Keating. I happen to know his family very well. The President of the United States still will not say we are in combat, but the fact is, we are dramatically in-creasing our presence, both in Syria and Iraq and now Libya. These men and women need equipment to fight with. They need to have a military that is the best we can provide them with. So why shouldn’t we do it now? Why should we wait a couple of days? There is no justification for not mov-ing to this bill right now. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration—the immediate consider-ation—of Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.012 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3048 May 23, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, as I have stated on the record many times, I have great ad-miration for the Senator from Arizona. We came together to the House, came together to the Senate. But I have to say, it is obvious my friend has a short memory. These bills take a long time. That is traditionally how it has worked around here. For weeks, we work on these bills. I understand the bill as reported complies with the budget agreement. I appreciate that. But the Senator from Arizona, I have been told, wants to offer an amendment to expand military spending without doing anything to ad-dress the middle class. The fight against terrorism, the fight for secu-rity in our country is more than bombs and bullets; it is the FBI, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; it is what we are doing to fight the scourge of drugs. All of those things are impor-tant for the security of this Nation. There is nothing being done in this bill to fight ZIKA. Is that a security issue? Yes, it is. There is nothing being done to fight opioids. Is that a security issue? It sure is. During the time we have had this little exchange, there will be a number of people who will die across America as a result of the over-use of opioids. Flint, MI, has been going on for months. Those poor people have been ravaged with lead in the water. So I would have to say that my friend, as I have indicated, has a very short memory. I don’t know how many times he has voted not to proceed to a piece of legislation. We need to address those issues that I have talked about. I think the people of Arizona, the people of this country, want us to do our jobs. You would think that one thing we could do is look at this bill. This bill is not 64 pages long, not 164 pages long; it is 1,664 pages long. What makes it even more concerning to me and my colleagues is the fact that it was basically done in secret. It was a closed hearing. So for heaven’s sake, let’s be brought back to reality. We have been very clear. We think we should take care of the middle class as we take care of the military. We are obligated to do both. The President will veto any bill that violates that principle. So before we begin consideration of this bill, it wouldn’t be bad if we read it. It wouldn’t be bad if we had a chance to study this. It wouldn’t be a bad idea if we had our staff give us some information on this bill of 1,664 pages. So, without any question, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, let me just say, the bill was reported from the committee by a vote of 24 to 3. So what the Democratic leader is saying is that because we don’t fund the IRS, we then should not proceed with defending this Nation. That is a remarkable state-ment. If the Democratic leader is interested in money for the FBI, Homeland Secu-rity, and others, I would be more than happy to consider that, to authorize some additional funding for those agen-cies of government that protect the government. But what my colleagues have just heard is that we will not move forward to provide for the well-being of the men and women who are serving, their abil-ity to defend us, take them out of risk as much as possible by providing them what they need—which, by the way, 95 percent is input and requests from the executive branch, the Defense Depart-ment. So we are not going to move for-ward on this because we don’t include the other agencies of government. That is now putting our Nation’s security and other functions of government on exactly the same plane and totally dis-regards the fact that we are being at-tacked. We are being attacked by cyber. There are plans to attack the United States of America. The Director of National Intelligence said there will be attacks on the United States of America. Where is the Democratic leader? What is he thinking? What could he be thinking? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator from Arizona has ex-pired. Mr. MCCAIN. We need to move for-ward with this legislation. We need to move forward with it now for the sake of the men and women who are serving and defending this Nation and putting their lives on the line. This is disgrace-ful. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question? Mr. M
CCAIN. I will be glad to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. How many Demo-cratic Senators on the Armed Services Committee voted against this bill? Mr. M
CCAIN. None. I am unhappy to say that the three votes against hap-pened to be on this side of the aisle. 
f 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4078 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up the Grassley amendment No. 4078 and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. G RASSLEY , proposes an amend-ment numbered 4078. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) On page 5, strike lines 23 through 25 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT .—In this section, the term ‘sexual assault’ means any nonconsensual sexual act proscribed by Federal, tribal, or State law, including when the victim lacks capacity to consent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, amendment No. 4078 is agreed to. Under the previous order, the com-mittee-reported amendment in the na-ture of a substitute, as amended, is agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 89, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 83 Leg.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.022 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3049 May 23, 2016 
NOT VOTING—11 
Booker Boxer Carper Cruz Kirk Menendez Murkowski Peters Sanders Toomey Vitter 
This bill (S. 2613), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 2613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SEX OFFENDER MANAGEMENT ASSIST-ANCE (SOMA) PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION. 
Section 126(d) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16926(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2018, to be available only for— ‘‘(1) the SOMA program; and ‘‘(2) the Jessica Lunsford Address Verification Grant Program established under section 631.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL ASSIST-ANCE WITH RESPECT TO VIOLA-TIONS OF REGISTRATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 142(b) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16941(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2007 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘to the United States Marshals Service $61,300,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2018’’. 
SEC. 4. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and in-serting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 5. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after chapter 237 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 238—SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ RIGHTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3772. Sexual assault survivors’ rights. ‘‘§ 3772. Sexual assault survivors’ rights ‘‘(a) R
IGHTS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT SUR-
VIVORS .—In addition to those rights provided in section 3771, a sexual assault survivor has the following rights: ‘‘(1) The right not to be prevented from, or charged for, receiving a medical forensic ex-amination. ‘‘(2) The right to— ‘‘(A) subject to paragraph (3), have a sexual assault evidence collection kit or its pro-bative contents preserved, without charge, for the duration of the maximum applicable statute of limitations or 20 years, whichever is shorter; ‘‘(B) be informed of any result of a sexual assault evidence collection kit, including a DNA profile match, toxicology report, or other information collected as part of a med-ical forensic examination, if such disclosure would not impede or compromise an ongoing investigation; and ‘‘(C) be informed in writing of policies gov-erning the collection and preservation of a sexual assault evidence collection kit. ‘‘(3) The right, if the Government intends to destroy or dispose of a sexual assault evi-dence collection kit or its probative contents before the expiration of the applicable time period under paragraph (2)(A), to— ‘‘(A) upon written request, receive written notification from the appropriate official with custody not later than 60 days before the date of the intended destruction or dis-posal; and ‘‘(B) upon written request, be granted fur-ther preservation of the kit or its probative contents. ‘‘(4) The right to be informed of the rights under this subsection. ‘‘(b) APPLICABILITY .—Subsections (b) through (f) of section 3771 shall apply to sex-ual assault survivors. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT .—In this section, the term ‘sexual assault’ means any nonconsensual sexual act proscribed by Federal, tribal, or State law, including when the victim lacks capacity to consent. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—This section, other than paragraphs (2)(A) and (3)(B) of subsection (a), shall be carried out using funds made avail-able under section 1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)). No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘238. Sexual assault survivors’ rights 3772’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO VICTIMS OF CRIME ACT 
OF1984.—Section 1402(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘section 3771’’ the following: ‘‘or sec-tion 3772, as it relates to direct services,’’. 
SEC. 6. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ NOTIFICA-TION GRANTS. 
The Victims of Crime Act of 1984 is amend-ed by adding after section 1404E (42 U.S.C. 10603e) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1404F. SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ NOTI-FICATION GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General may make grants as provided in section 1404(c)(1)(A) to States to develop and dis-seminate to entities described in subsection (c)(1) of this section written notice of appli-cable rights and policies for sexual assault survivors. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION OF RIGHTS .—Each recipi-ent of a grant awarded under subsection (a) shall make its best effort to ensure that each entity described in subsection (c)(1) provides individuals who identify as a survivor of a sexual assault, and who consent to receiving such information, with written notice of ap-plicable rights and policies regarding— ‘‘(1) the right not to be charged fees for or otherwise prevented from pursuing a sexual assault evidence collection kit; ‘‘(2) the right to have a sexual assault med-ical forensic examination regardless of whether the survivor reports to or cooper-ates with law enforcement; ‘‘(3) the availability of a sexual assault ad-vocate; ‘‘(4) the availability of protective orders and policies related to their enforcement; ‘‘(5) policies regarding the storage, preser-vation, and disposal of sexual assault evi-dence collection kits; ‘‘(6) the process, if any, to request preser-vation of sexual assault evidence collection kits or the probative evidence from such kits; and ‘‘(7) the availability of victim compensa-tion and restitution. ‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF WRITTEN NOTICE .— Each recipient of a grant awarded under sub-section (a) shall— ‘‘(1) provide the written notice described in subsection (b) to medical centers, hospitals, forensic examiners, sexual assault service providers, State and local law enforcement agencies, and any other State agency or de-partment reasonably likely to serve sexual assault survivors; and ‘‘(2) make the written notice described in subsection (b) publicly available on the Internet website of the attorney general of the State. ‘‘(d) PROVISION TOPROMOTE COMPLIANCE .— The Attorney General may provide such technical assistance and guidance as nec-essary to help recipients meet the require-ments of this section. ‘‘(e) I
NTEGRATION OF SYSTEMS .—Any sys- tem developed and implemented under this section may be integrated with an existing case management system operated by the re-cipient of the grant if the system meets the requirements listed in this section.’’. 
SEC. 7. WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Secretary’’), shall establish a joint working group (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Working Group’’) to develop, co-ordinate, and disseminate best practices re-garding the care and treatment of sexual as-sault survivors and the preservation of foren-sic evidence. (b) C
ONSULTATION WITHSTAKEHOLDERS .— The Working Group shall consult with— (1) stakeholders in law enforcement, pros-ecution, forensic laboratory, counseling, fo-rensic examiner, medical facility, and med-ical provider communities; and (2) representatives of not less than 3 enti-ties with demonstrated expertise in sexual assault prevention, sexual assault advocacy, or representation of sexual assault victims, of which not less than 1 representative shall be a sexual assault victim. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Working Group shall be composed of governmental or nongovern-mental agency heads at the discretion of the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary. (d) D
UTIES .—The Working Group shall— (1) develop recommendations for improving the coordination of the dissemination and implementation of best practices and proto-cols regarding the care and treatment of sex-ual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence to hospital administrators, physi-cians, forensic examiners, and other medical associations and leaders in the medical com-munity; (2) encourage, where appropriate, the adop-tion and implementation of best practices and protocols regarding the care and treat-ment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence among hospital ad-ministrators, physicians, forensic examiners, and other medical associations and leaders in the medical community; (3) develop recommendations to promote the coordination of the dissemination and implementation of best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault sur-vivors and the preservation of evidence to State attorneys general, United States at-torneys, heads of State law enforcement agencies, forensic laboratory directors and managers, and other leaders in the law en-forcement community; (4) develop and implement, where prac-ticable, incentives to encourage the adoption or implementation of best practices regard-ing the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of evidence among State attorneys general, United States attorneys, heads of State law enforce-ment agencies, forensic laboratory directors and managers, and other leaders in the law enforcement community; (5) collect feedback from stakeholders, practitioners, and leadership throughout the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.016 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3050 May 23, 2016 
Federal and State law enforcement, victim services, forensic science practitioner, and health care communities to inform develop-ment of future best practices or clinical guidelines regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors; and (6) perform other activities, such as activi-ties relating to development, dissemination, outreach, engagement, or training associated with advancing victim-centered care for sex-ual assault survivors. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Work-ing Group shall submit to the Attorney Gen-eral, the Secretary, and Congress a report containing the findings and recommended actions of the Working Group. 
SEC. 8. CIVIL REMEDY FOR SURVIVORS OF CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 2255(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘ends’’ before the period at the end. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GEN-ERAL MOTORS LORDSTOWN PLANT Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, on Sat-urday I visited the General Motors Lordstown plant near Youngstown to celebrate its 50th anniversary. For half a century, this plant has been an an-chor of the Mahoning Valley. It has supported good, middle-class union jobs through good times and bad. Seven Ohioans—get this—seven workers at that plant have been there for all 50 of those years. Albert Gifford, Mossco Dubose, John Brincko, Robert Polansky, Thomas Koppel, John Rosa, and Stephen Gazdik have helped build 21 different General Motors models since 1966, starting with the Chevy Im-pala. The car they make now is the Chevy Cruze. My wife and I are proud Chevy Cruze owners. I drove to the plant in one. I was proud to be at GM Lordstown in 2010 to see the very first Chevy Cruze roll off the assembly line. The first three Cruzes were painted red, white, and blue. They represented the determination of a community and a country—think about the auto indus-try and the state of the economy back in 2010. They represented the deter-mination of the country to bounce back and succeed in the face of long odds and national naysayers who want-ed to write off this plant and that com-munity. It has been a rough few years for that industry. Think about where we were less than a decade ago. Auto sales were down 40 percent, 1 million jobs were at risk of being lost, on top of the 8 mil-lion jobs we had already lost as Presi-dent Obama took office. We heard rightwing politicians on the news call-ing the American auto industry dead, but what they meant was they didn’t believe it was worth saving. They wanted to bet against American com-panies and against American workers. The workers at Lordstown and at plants like it across Ohio—in Toledo, in Defiance and Cleveland and Walton Hills and Avon Lake—and across the country proved them wrong. Working together with President Obama, we in-vested in rescuing the American auto industry. Right now, because of the auto rescue, because of workers in Lordstown, in Parma and Cleveland and across the Midwest, the American auto industry is roaring back to life. GM posted 5 percent gains in sales last year. Let’s be clear. Ohio and much of the Midwest would be close to a depression if the doubters and the naysayers had their way. But we refused to let the auto industry collapse, and history has proven it was the right thing to do. The people of Northeast Ohio know how im-portant it was. So do people across the whole State. So do people across that region. The cars made in Lordstown epitomize how central the auto indus-try is to Ohio’s economy. The Chevy Cruze features components made at plants all across Ohio. The engine blocks are manufactured in Defiance, the transmissions are assembled in To-ledo, the wheels for the Chevy Cruze Eco are made by Alcoa in Cleveland, and parts are stamped in Parma and also in Lordstown. Ever since the first Chevy Impala rolled off the lot in 1966, the Mahoning Valley has depended on Lordstown. This is the industry and the company on which the great American middle class was built. On Saturday, anyone could see how central this plant is to its community. GM estimates that more than 10,000 people—young and old, families with their children, vintage car buffs, former workers—turned out to watch the parade, stroll through the car show, and tour the plant. The line to get into the plant stretched down the street and around the block. That is what this plant and this auto industry mean to the communities they serve. I know this community and this State will continue to depend on auto workers for another 50 years and be-yond. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
f 
USDA CATFISH INSPECTION PROGRAM Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, tomor-row, apparently the Senate is going to have an opportunity to weigh in on the issue of whether it is good policy to allow uninspected, adulterated Viet-namese catfish into the United States. That will be the issue before us in the form of a resolution to disapprove a USDA regulation. The Senate will vote on whether it is a good idea to expose American con-sumers to catfish containing illegal antibiotics, heavy metals, and other carcinogens. I think the Senate will once again say that we need to protect American consumers from these harm-ful contents of imported catfish, and we need to protect them by continuing a new U.S. Department of Agriculture catfish inspection program. What happened before we had the USDA catfish inspection program? Under previous law, the Food and Drug Administration inspected catfish com-ing into the United States, principally Vietnamese catfish. What we found out in this program is that only 2 percent of the catfish coming in got inspected. The other 98 percent came through without the Federal Government tak-ing a look at it. What we learned from the information given to us was that some of the catfish coming in did have these harmful chemicals in them. So the farm bill passed by the Congress changed the inspection regime from the FDA to where it is now—the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Under the Department of Agriculture program, almost all of the catfish will be in-spected to make sure it is free of these harmful substances. The people who are trying to go back to the old method of inspection make some claims. They say the new USDA rule is duplicative. They say it is a WTO violation. They say it is costly. I will tell my colleagues—and I want my colleagues listening in their offices to understand this—there will not be a duplicative program. FDA is out of the catfish inspection business as of March 1 of this year. The only inspections being carried out now are through USDA. So the argument that this new program is duplicative is factually in-correct. You can say it as many times as you want to; that doesn’t make it true. There is no duplication. Furthermore, there is no WTO viola-tion. The equivalent standards are being applied both to imported and do-mestic fish, so the standards are the same. We just want to make sure they are safe. We are pretty sure about do-mestic catfish. A lot of it is grown in my State of Mississippi. A lot of it is grown in Missouri, Arkansas, and Ala-bama. Those catfish farms are in-spected. The fish are not caught out in a river somewhere; they are inspected where they are grown and are har-vested under very controlled condi-tions. We just want all fish consumed in the United States to be as safe as do-mestically produced fish. Thirdly, they say the new rule is costly. Well, the entire program is going to cost $1.1 million a year through USDA. I would say $1 million a year to protect the American con-sumers is a reasonable price to pay. It is not costly in the scheme of things. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.018 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3051 May 23, 2016 
Let me tell you what we found so far in the brief history of this new USDA program. We found that catfish coming in from Vietnam was adulterated. I can hardly pronounce these words, but I have here a publication from Food Chemical News dated today, May 23. It reports that according to the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service, they have already found two shipments that have just come in in recent weeks that were adulterated. This is Viet-namese catfish that the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture caught that would have been consumed by American con-sumers in restaurants and would have been bought at supermarkets. They wouldn’t let it in. They sent it back. Thank heavens they did because one shipment contained gentian crystal violet, so they didn’t allow it to come in. That is the kind of inspection this vote tomorrow will try to stop. I want to keep those inspections. The other shipment that was not allowed in con-tained malachite green, and it con-tained enrofloxacin and fluoroquinolone—all chemicals and substances that are prohibited to be consumed in the United States because they are not safe. They contain heavy metals, they contain carcinogens, and they contain illegal antibiotics that we are trying to protect U.S. consumers from. I will give credit to the authors of this resolution of disapproval: This would somewhat cut the price of fish in restaurants. But I will tell you what. If my colleagues want to foist less expen-sive catfish that contains heavy met-als, antibiotics, and carcinogens off on American consumers, let them have at it. I don’t think the majority of the Senate wants to do that in the name of a duplicative program—and it is not duplicative—and in the name of reduc-ing costs when the whole program costs about $1 million a year. I want my colleagues to be aware that this vote is going to come up to-morrow. It is a very unusual vote. It is a Congressional Review Act vote. Thir-ty of my colleagues have signed a peti-tion, so it must come to a vote, and it must come tomorrow afternoon. The vote to proceed will take place tomor-row afternoon. If the motion to proceed is agreed to—and I certainly hope it is not—then we will have 10 hours of de-bate right here in the middle of the week when we should be talking about national defense and all of the issues that really trouble Americans. We have 10 hours of debate, according to the law, on whether the regulation should go forward. I hope we will simply vote against the motion to proceed tomorrow. That way, under the Congressional Review Act, that will be the end of the matter and the Department of Agriculture can keep inspecting and keep protecting American consumers. Americans should be aware this is coming up, and my colleagues and their staff should get schooled in this rather obscure issue. Should the resolution pass, we will have the very unusual and unworkable situation of the farm bill still being the law of the land, of the Department of Agriculture still being the agency in charge of inspections. That will still be the law; we simply won’t have a rule allowing that part of the bill to be im-plemented. So, in effect, since the FDA inspection regime has ended, according to law, we will have no inspection whatsoever. That is my understanding of the result should the resolution of disapproval be approved. I don’t think it will be approved. I think we will stand tomorrow for consumer protec-tion and for applying the laws of con-sumer safety and food safety evenly and across the board. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote tomorrow on the motion to proceed. I thank my colleagues for their at-tention. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT SURVIVORS’ BILL OF RIGHTS Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am here to thank my colleagues for their strong, overwhelming, bipartisan support for the Sexual Assault Sur-vivors’ Bill of Rights, an act that I have been proud to help lead and cham-pion, along with my colleagues, Sen-ators S
HAHEEN and L EAHY . It is a cause that I championed as a prosecutor and law enforcer in my State, as the Fed-eral prosecutor, U.S. attorney, and then as our attorney general in the State of Connecticut. It is a cause that deserves this kind of overwhelming, bi-partisan support because for too long survivors of sexual assault have been denied the basic care and rights they need and deserve, and for too long they have been victimized twice—first by an assailant who fundamentally violated their rights and then by the court sys-tem and a law enforcement system that failed to respect and recognize their need for those rights to be en-forced effectively. When a survivor of sexual assault en-gages the criminal justice system, she must be secure, absolutely confident and trusting in her rights and empow-ered to make informed decisions. Re-porting sexual assault requires incred-ible courage, bravery beyond the imagination of many who fail to under-stand how much courage is required, and too often the system fails to re-spect those rights. She deserves a sys-tem that is worthy of that bravery. Too often, survivors are simply unin-formed about what is happening, not told about basic evidence and pro-ceedings, and they find that vital evi-dence was destroyed without their con-sent or encounter Byzantine procedural barriers to justice. That is wrong. This bill represents important steps toward a system that mirrors unspar-ing prosecution of people who commit these heinous offenses with sensitive and fair treatment of survivors. Currently, depending on the jurisdic-tion, there are a wide array of different practices and procedures. Sexual as-sault victims often experience a com-plex and cryptic maze of policies that deter those survivors from pursuing justice. This legislation will address unique challenges faced by sexual assault sur-vivors, particularly regarding notice, access, and preservation of evidence. The preservation of evidence is par-ticularly important because the sexual assault evidence collection kits are ab-solutely vital to justice and successful prosecution. This bill would empower survivors to make more informed decisions throughout the criminal justice proc-ess by supporting State efforts to bet-ter notify survivors of available re-sources as well as applicable State rights and policies. Finally, the bill will establish a joint Department of Justice and Health and Human Services working group to more effectively implement best prac-tices regarding the care and treatment of survivors across the country—a bea-con of information and leadership from the Federal Government to assure that sexual assault survivors are treated with the respect they need and deserve. It is that simple. This legislation does not address every barrier faced by victims of sexual assault. There is no question that more action is needed. To achieve that, State and local governments must fol-low suit and must create a culture, a changed culture of compassion for peo-ple who have experienced this heinous crime. It is a crime, and it should be treated as one of the most serious and outrageous crimes that anyone can commit. Today the Senate has sent a message that we side with survivors. We are on their side. We will do every-thing in our power to lighten the bur-den and pain they bear and help them seek both justice and healing, which they truly deserve. I thank my great friends and col-leagues Senator S
HAHEEN and Senator L
EAHY for their leadership on this issue. I have been proud to join with them. I thank the Connecticut groups CONNSACS, the Permanent Commis-sion on the Status of Women, and the many leaders in Connecticut who have made our State such an important en-gineer of progress in this area. Again, it is a journey that must be continued. The Permanent Commission on the Status of Women has done great work and provided important leader-ship in this area. I thank Amanda Nguyen for her courage and hard work to make this day a reality. All of my colleagues who joined today in sup-porting this measure can be proud of the work we have done, the leadership we have shown, and the bipartisanship it took. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.026 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3052 May 23, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS MONTH Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as the Senate continues to debate funding pri-orities for the American people in the coming year, I want to take a moment to recognize the importance of sup-porting our Nation’s seniors. May is Older Americans Month. This is a time to recognize our responsibility to ex-pand resources for the elderly and a moment to acknowledge the important role older Americans play in contrib-uting to our country’s livelihood and development. Older Americans Month has been rec-ognized annually since 1963, when President Kennedy designated May as Senior Citizens Month to honor the dedication of seniors to our commu-nities. At that time, just 17 million Americans had reached their 65th birthday, with over one-third of all seniors living in poverty. With few pro-grams to support their needs, President Kennedy pledged to highlight elderly contributions to society in order to strengthen such services. This year’s Older American’s Month theme is ‘‘Blaze a Trail,’’ aimed at raising awareness about the many issues facing seniors today. From high health care costs, to the availability of healthy foods in vulnerable commu-nities, our Nation’s seniors deserve the resources they need to enjoy these richer years. Last month, the President signed the Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act into law, marking the end of a 5- year long debate on how to reauthorize crucial programs for seniors in under-served communities. For decades, the Older Americans Act has strengthened community assistance for seniors, in-cluding through transportation, care-giver support, nutrition, and home- based aid. I am pleased the reauthor-ization remains steadfast in supporting these initiatives, and includes stronger protections for elder rights, while ex-panding disability and long-term care programs. But we cannot stop there. We must take this as an opportunity to under-score the importance of promoting sen-ior services across all sectors. That means coming together as a Congress to produce solutions for long-term sus-tainability in Social Security and Medicare. It means expanding access to healthy foods across communities, in-cluding in hospitals and senior-care fa-cilities. This means supporting care-givers and families who take time out of their lives to provide for their loved ones. And it means ensuring that cost of living adjustments are fairly cal-culated to account for senior expenses year after year. We all have a stake in promoting the livelihood of our Nation’s elderly, whether it be for our own families or for the children of future generations. Let us be reminded this May that sup-porting older Americans is not just a matter of fairness, but a commonsense solution to promoting the wellbeing of our Nation at large. (At the request of Mr. REID, the fol-lowing was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
ADAM WALSH REAUTHORIZATION BILL ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today the Senate voted on S. 2613, the Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act. This legis-lation would extend two key programs that Congress established a decade ago to standardize and strengthen registra-tion and monitoring of sex offenders nationwide. I support this bill because it has critical provisions that law en-forcement officers need in order to pro-tect our children from harm, and I would have voted in favor of it if I were present for the vote. In 2006, Congress passed and the President signed into law the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act. The Adam Walsh Act, which was named for a 6-year old who was trag-ically murdered in 1981, established na-tionwide notification and registration standards for those convicted of sex of-fenses. The Adam Walsh Act created a Federal grant program to assist State and local law enforcement to imple-ment registration systems and locate those who fail abide by registration re-quirements. The Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act would reauthorize the Sex Offender Management Assistance Program, a Federal program that assists State and local law enforcement agencies in their efforts to improve sex offender registry systems and information-sharing capa-bilities. The bill would also reauthorize the Jessica Lunsford Address Verifica-tion Grant Program, a Federal pro-gram that assists States and local law enforcement agencies in their efforts to verify the residence of all or some registered sex offenders. The reauthor-ization of these critical programs would provide law enforcement with the tools they need to keep our com-munities safe. I would have voted in favor this legis-lation today because it helps combat child predators by giving law enforce-ment officials the tools they need to catch these dangerous individuals and convict them. It takes a comprehensive network of law enforcement agencies on the Federal, State, and local levels working together to ensure compliance and locate sex offenders, and that is what this bill would do. I also support this legislation because it would tight-en our sex offender registration system and better track registered sex offend-ers, which helps to protect our children from harm. I also recognize that this legislation has the support of the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the Nation’s foremost miss-ing children’s clearinghouse. Despite my support for this legisla-tion, I do have concerns with some sex offender registration systems. First, more research is needed to assess whether or not sex offender registries actually improve the safety of the pub-lic. Some research has concluded that sex registries have no demonstrable ef-fect in reducing sex re-offenses and often registered sex offenders have higher rates of recidivism. While our men and women in uniform believe they need this tool to combat sex of-fenses, Congress should not rubber- stamp Federal programs in the absence of hard data that demonstrates their effectiveness in keeping us safe. I am also concerned that sex offender programs undermine rehabilitation be-cause they present significant barriers to reintegration into the community. Requiring youth who are adjudicated in juvenile court of sex offenses to reg-ister as a sex offender is counter-productive to the goal of the juvenile justice system, which is designed to protect youth from lifelong penalties carried by the adult criminal justice system. The top priority of our govern-ment must be to protect the public; but one-size-fits-all solutions do not achieve that end. Despite my concerns, I would have voted in favor of the Adam Walsh Re-authorization Act today because I be-lieve it provides law enforcement with the tools they need to keep people safe. I am committed to working with law enforcement to make sure they receive the support they need from Congress to effectively do their jobs. However, Con-gress must do its job by ensuring that the programs we endorse have the re-search to support them. That effort is critical to both keeping the public safe and to ensuring that our justice system is fair for all Americans.∑ 
f 
NATIONAL MARITIME DAY Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, yester-day, May 22, 2016, our Nation cele-brated National Maritime Day. The United States has always been and will always be a great maritime nation. My home State of Louisiana ranks first in the Nation in economic impact from America’s domestic maritime industry. The American Maritime Partnership shows Louisiana’s 54,850 maritime jobs pump more than $11.3 billion annually into our economy. America’s robust do-mestic maritime industry includes ves-sel operators, marine terminals, ship-yards, and workers engaged in the movement of cargo exclusively within the United States. According to a study commissioned by the Transportation Institute and conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC, Louisiana also ranks first in the country in maritime jobs per capita, with 1 in every 83 jobs connected to the State’s domestic maritime industry, nearly twice that of any other State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.028 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3053 May 23, 2016 
Louisiana also ranks third in the Na-tion in shipbuilding. According to the U.S. Maritime Administration ship-building accounts for 29,250 jobs and more than $2.23 billion in annual eco-nomic impact for our State. However, Congress has the responsi-bility for ensuring that our Nation’s maritime infrastructure is adequately maintained in order for this industry to flourish. There is no greater mari-time asset in the United States then the Mississippi River and its tribu-taries. They connect over 350 million acres of farmland to world markets via international trade through the 12,500 miles of inland navigational channels. Much of the commodities and goods produced in the heartland brought to world markets via the Mississippi River to the Gulf of Mexico and beyond to foreign nations around the globe. The Mississippi River Basin includes 41 percent of the continental United States, and the value of the agricul-tural products and the large agri-business industry in the Mississippi River Basin produces 92 percent of the Nation’s agricultural exports and 78 percent of the world’s exports in feed grains and soybeans, while 60 percent of all grain exported from the United States is shipped via the Mississippi River from ports throughout the re-gion, including the Port of New Orle-ans, the Port of South Louisiana, and the Port of Greater Baton Rouge. Barge traffic and navigation on the Mississippi River also carries a vast array of coal, fertilizer, cement, chemi-cals, and petroleum products, so any significant disruption to this naviga-tional channel has huge consequences for the entire U.S. economy. Unfortunately, the recent winter and spring floods in the Mississippi River Valley have severely impeded naviga-tional traffic along significant stretches along the Mississippi River ship channel. For example, at South-west Pass along the lower Mississippi River ship channel, the authorized draft is 47 feet, but due to the excess sand and silt washing downstream from the flooding, the ship channel had draft restrictions of 41 feet for a month ear-lier this year. Economically, for each foot of draft loss a vessel either on the inbound or outbound voyage must leave behind approximately $1 million, per foot, in cargo behind. This is par-ticularly problematic because the last foot of draft is often where a vessel makes any profits. So during a month timeframe, each vessel traveling along the Mississippi River at Southwest Pass could potentially have had to leave behind $6 million in cargo, an av-erage of 30 vessels per day moving through the channel. An unreliable ship channel threatens the viability of barge traffic along the entire Mis-sissippi River system by raising the transportation costs to move cargo. Navigation along the Mississippi River system is just one example of many maritime infrastructure chal-lenges our Nation faces. Congress has the responsibility for providing the re-sources necessary to keep America’s infrastructure open for business. Inac-tion is not an option if we want to keep United States competitive in the glob-al marketplace. Across America, the domestic maritime industry includes approximately 40,000 vessels, supports 478,440 jobs, and has an annual eco-nomic impact of $92.5 billion. The in-dustry also generates approximately $92.5 billion in wages and $10 billion in tax revenues. In honor of this quintessentially American industry and National Maritime Day, I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to find solutions for America’s maritime infrastructure challenges. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COMMANDER ROBERT DONNELL Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize LCDR Robert Donnell of the U.S. Coast Guard on his upcoming pro-motion to commander and for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and other members of the Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee over the past several years. An aviator by training, Lieutenant Commander Donnell has ably contrib-uted to the committee’s work and has been an invaluable asset in the passage of two U.S. Coast Guard Reauthoriza-tion bills, the Port Performance Act, and a number of key freight rail issues. He has made himself available to my staff and other members to help with all matters pertaining to the com-mittee. On behalf of the committee, I would like to congratulate and thank him and his family for their selfless and dedicated service to our Nation. This well-deserved promotion recognizes his leadership and commitment to serving others. He is a valued member of my Commerce Committee staff who will be truly missed. At the same time, we wish him every success in his new posi-tion as operations officer, U.S. Coast Guard Air Station Traverse City, MI. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 28 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry be discharged from further consider-ation of S.J. Res. 28, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agri-culture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes, and further, that the res-olution be placed upon the Legislative Cal-endar under General Orders. Kelly Ayotte, John McCain, Patrick J. Toomey, Marco Rubio, Mike Lee, Mi-chael B. Enzi, Chuck Grassley, Jeanne Shaheen, Sheldon Whitehouse, Robert Menendez, Maria Cantwell, Bill Nelson, Jack Reed, Dianne Feinstein, Jeff Flake, Richard Burr, Ted Cruz, Daniel Coats, James E. Risch, Joni Ernst, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, Ron Johnson, Al Franken, Cory A. Booker, Elizabeth Warren, Angus King, Jr., Ed-ward J. Markey, Mark R. Warner, Rob-ert P. Casey, Jr., Tim Kaine, Ron Wyden, Mike Crapo. f ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING LEX ‘‘BUTCH’’ EDWARD DAVIS ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to remember the life of Lex ‘‘Butch’’ Edward Davis, who passed away on April 11, 2016. Butch Davis called Sherwood, AR, home. He was born in Des Arc, AR, on August 8, 1944. When he was 16, he en-listed in the U.S. Army. His service from 1961 to 1969 included two tours in Korea and one in Vietnam, before re-ceiving an honorable medical discharge from injuries he received. Butch was awarded the Bronze Star, Combat Infantryman’s Badge, and the Purple Heart. His service resulted in severe wounds that left him with very limited use of his legs and arms and a 100 percent VA disability rating. Despite these set-backs, Butch continued an active role in his community and among veteran organizations. He served as a VFW commander at Post 395 in Sherwood. He was a member of both the Camp Robinson/Camp Pike and Little Rock Air Force Base com-munity councils. He launched the com-munity’s Veterans Day parade and was the caretaker of the Sherwood Rotary Club Veterans Memorial. Butch could always be counted on to help at every air show and many other activities at Little Rock Air Force Base. His com-mitment earned him the recognition of ‘‘honorary commander’’ at Little Rock Air Force Base. In 2011, he was honored as one of 15 inductees into the Arkan-sas Military Veterans Hall of Fame. He also gave back to his community in other ways, including serving as an alderman in Sherwood from 1998 until 2010 and was even named Sherwood Volunteer of the Year. He served as co- organizer of the Wheel Chair Olympics and played an active role in his com-munity and the greater central Arkan-sas area for many years. A true family man and dear friend, Butch leaves behind many loved ones, including his wife, Judy, three chil-dren, and many other friends. I want to offer my prayers and sincere condo-lences to his loved ones on their loss. Butch’s service and sacrifice speak for themselves, but I would like to take this time to recognize him and join with his family and friends in express-ing my immense pride in his life and legacy.∑ 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED The following joint resolution was discharged by petition, pursuant to 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.017 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3054 May 23, 2016 
U.S.C. 802(c), and placed on the cal-endar: 
S.J. Res. 28. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relat-ing to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 1143. A bill to make the authority of States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage Dungeness crab fishery perma-nent and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 260). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1732. A bill to authorize elements of the Department of Transportation, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN: S. 2965. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. B OOK-
ER): S. 2966. A bill to update the financial dis-closure requirements for judges of the Dis-trict of Columbia courts, and to make other improvements to the District of Columbia courts; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 2967. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require the Office of Management and Budget to execute a na-tional biodefense strategy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 2968. A bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 2969. A bill to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to conduct a comprehensive study relating to disaster costs and losses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 2970. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of the Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. C ARPER ): S. 2971. A bill to authorize the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 2972. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide transparency and re-quire certain standards in the award of Fed-eral grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. MARKEY ): S. 2973. A bill to increase the micro-pur-chase threshold for universities, independent research institutes, and non-profit research organizations; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 2974. A bill to ensure funding for the Na-tional Human Trafficking Hotline, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. ERNST: S. 2975. A bill to provide agencies with dis-cretion in securing information technology and information systems; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 2976. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Depart-ment’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and performance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 137 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 137, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of the Treasury to regulate tax return preparers. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to create an expedited pro-cedure to enact recommendations of the Government Accountability Office for consolidation and elimination to reduce duplication. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. PORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 772 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 772, a bill to secure the Federal voting rights of persons when released from incarceration. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for so-dium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2216, a bill to provide immu-nity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of fi-nancial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.003 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3055 May 23, 2016 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2597, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist services under the Medicare program. 
S. 2611 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2611, a bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to re-place the Federal Election Commission with the Federal Election Administra-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2659, a bill to reaf-firm that the Environmental Protec-tion Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2707 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2707, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to nullify the proposed rule regarding defining and delimiting the exemptions for execu-tive, administrative, professional, out-side sales, and computer employees, to require the Secretary of Labor to con-duct a full and complete economic analysis with improved economic data on small businesses, nonprofit employ-ers, Medicare or Medicaid dependent health care providers, and small gov-ernmental jurisdictions, and all other employers, and minimize the impact on such employers, before promulgating any substantially similar rule, and to provide a rule of construction regard-ing the salary threshold exemption under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S. 2785 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2785, a bill to protect Native children and promote public safety in Indian country. 
S. 2864 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2864, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent cata-strophic out-of-pocket spending on pre-scription drugs for seniors and individ-uals with disabilities. S. 2870 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2870, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prevent re-taliation in the military, and for other purposes. 
S. 2892 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 2892, a bill to accelerate the use of wood in buildings, especially tall wood buildings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month wait-ing period for disability insurance ben-efits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients di-agnosed with a terminal illness in ac-cordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2934 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2934, a bill to ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the national instant criminal background check system and require a background check for every firearm sale. 
S. 2941 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2941, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 28 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 28, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolution expressing support of the goal of ensur-ing that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Fed-eral Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commitment to comprehen-sively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
S. RES. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 375, a resolution raising awareness of modern slavery. 
S. RES. 465 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 465, a resolution supporting the United States solar en-ergy industry in its effort to bring low- cost, clean, 21st-century solar tech-nology into homes and businesses across the United States. 
S. RES. 466 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 466, a resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of chil-dren in the foster-care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster-care system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4066 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4066 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4067 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4067 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.007 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3056 May 23, 2016 
construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4068. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. G ARD-
NER, and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4069. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4070. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4071. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. L EE, and Mr. L ANKFORD ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4072. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4073. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4074. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4075. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4076. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4077. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4078. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2613, to reauthorize certain programs estab-lished by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. SA 4079. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4080. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4081. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4068. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. R OBERTS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1023. 
SA 4069. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 402. REVISION IN PERMANENT ACTIVE DUTY END STRENGTH MINIMUM LEVELS. 
Section 691(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) For the Army, 480,000. ‘‘(2) For the Navy, 324,615. ‘‘(3) For the Marine Corps, 185,000. ‘‘(4) For the Air Force, 321,000.’’. 
SEC. 403. SUPERSEDING FISCAL YEAR 2017 END STRENGTHS FOR CERTAIN ELE-MENTS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE. 
(a) I NEFFECTIVENESS OF CERTAIN END S
TRENGTHS .—Paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 411(a) shall have no force or effect. (b) S
UPERSEDING ENDSTRENGTHS .—The Armed Forces specified are authorized strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the reserve components as of September 30, 2017, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 350,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 205,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 58,000. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 105,700. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,000. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN AUTHORI -
TIES.—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 411 shall apply in the calculation of end strengths under subsection (b) of this sec-tion. 
SA 4070. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 1027, insert the following: SEC. 1027A. STRENGTHENING OF CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF DETAIN-EES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STA-TION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT GEN-
ERALLY .—Subsection (a) of section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 969; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
RIOR’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), no amount authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense or any other de-partment, agency, or element of the United States Government may be used after the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of any foreign country or other foreign entity un-less the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the individual no longer poses a continuing threat to the security of the United States, its citizens, and its interests as described in subsection (b). The certification with respect to an individual shall be submitted not later than 30 days after the date on which the Sec-retary makes the determination that the in-dividual no longer poses a continuing threat to the security of the United States, its citi-zens, and its interests.’’. (b) C
ERTIFICATION ELEMENTS .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respec-tively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section, the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) the individual to be transferred or re-leased no longer poses a continuing threat to the security of the United States, its citi-zens, and its interests;’’; (3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘or release’’ after ‘‘transfer’’; (4) by inserting ‘‘or released’’ after ‘‘trans-ferred’’ each place it appears; and (5) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(C)’’. (c) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS IN CONNECTION  W
ITHCERTIFICATIONS .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS IN CONNECTION  W
ITHCERTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—In determining whether to make a certification described in subsection (b) on an individual, the Sec-retary shall take into account, and include with the certification, the recommendations and military value analyses of the following: ‘‘(A) The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. ‘‘(B) The Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces, with respect to the effects of the transfer or release on military personnel with a residence for their permanent duty station in the geographic area, or forward deployed forces, in the foreign country con-cerned. ‘‘(C) The commander of the geographic combatant command having the foreign country or entity to which the individual will be transferred or released within its area of operational responsibility. ‘‘(D) The Commander of the United States Southern Command. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.008 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3057 May 23, 2016 
‘‘(2) P ROVISION TO INDIVIDUALS .—Each indi-vidual covered by a certification described in subsection (b) shall be provided an unclassi-fied written summary of the certification, in a language the individual understands, not earlier than 30 days after the Secretary sub-mits the certification to the appropriate committees of Congress pursuant to sub-section (a). The summary shall also be pro-vided to the personal representative and pri-vate counsel of the individual.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraph (3) of subsection (f) of such section, as redes-ignated by subsection(c)(1) of this section, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)(C)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’. 
SA 4071. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. L EE, and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IX, insert the following: 
SEC. 949. REDESIGNATION OF ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE FOR AC-QUISITION AS ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE FOR AC-QUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LO-GISTICS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 8016(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, technology, and logis-tics’’ after ‘‘acquisition’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acqui-sition in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
SA 4072. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION, TREAT-MENT, MANAGEMENT, AND USE, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘§ 4781. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army (referred to in this section as the ‘Sec-retary’) may provide, by contract or other-wise, for the production, treatment, manage-ment, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to sec-tion 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced pursuant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may only be used to support activities and operations at Fort Knox; and ‘‘(2) may not be sold for use elsewhere. ‘‘(c) O
WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may take ownership of any gas pro-duction and treatment equipment and facili-ties and associated infrastructure from a contractor in accordance with the terms of a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(d) N
OAPPLICATION ELSEWHERE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority provided by this section applies only with respect to Fort Knox, Kentucky. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section authorizes the production, treat-ment, management, or use of natural gas re-sources underlying any Department of De-fense installation other than Fort Knox. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary under this section is effective be-ginning on August 2, 2007.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4781. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. 
SA 4073. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. IMPROVED ENUMERATION OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN ANY TABULATION OF TOTAL POPU-LATION BY SECRETARY OF COM-MERCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of title 13, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) Effective beginning with the 2020 de-cennial census of population, in taking any tabulation of total population by States, the Secretary shall take appropriate measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all members of the Armed Forces de-ployed abroad on the date of taking such tabulation are— ‘‘(1) fully and accurately counted; and ‘‘(2) properly attributed to the State in which their residence at their permanent duty station or homeport is located on such date.’’. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall not be construed to affect the residency status of any member of the Armed Forces under any provision of law other than title 13, United States Code. 
SA 4074. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 591 and insert the following: 
SEC. 591. REPEAL OF MILITARY SELECTIVE SERV-ICE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) is re-pealed. (b) T
RANSFERS IN CONNECTION WITHRE-
PEAL .—Notwithstanding the proviso in sec-tion 10(a)(4) of the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3809(a)(4)), the Office of Selec-tive Service Records shall not be reestab-lished after the repeal of the Military Selec-tive Service Act. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the assets, contracts, property, and records held by the Selective Service System, and the unexpended balances of any appropria-tions available to the Selective Service Sys-tem, shall be transferred to the Adminis-trator of General Services. The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall as-sist officers and employees of the Selective Service System to transfer to other positions in the executive branch. (c) E
FFECT ON EXISTING SANCTIONS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, a person may not be denied a right, privilege, benefit, or employment position under Fed-eral law on the grounds that the person failed to present himself for and submit to registration under section 3 of the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3802) before the repeal of that Act by subsection (a). 
SA 4075. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end division A, add the following: TITLE XVII—SERVICEMEMBER SELF- DEFENSE 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Servicemembers Self-Defense Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1702. FIREARMS PERMITTED ON DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE PROPERTY. 
Section 930(g)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term ‘Federal facility’ means’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The term ‘Federal facility’— ‘‘(A) means’’; (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) with respect to a qualified member of the Armed Forces, as defined in section 926D(a), does not include any land, a build-ing, or any part thereof owned or leased by the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 1703. LAWFUL POSSESSION OF FIREARMS ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF GENERAL ARTICLE .— Section 934 of title 10, United States Code (article 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Though not specifically mentioned’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
OSSESSION OF A FIREARM .—The pos- session of a concealed or open carry firearm by a member of the armed forces subject to this chapter on a military installation, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.011 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3058 May 23, 2016 
lawful under the laws of the State in which the installation is located, is not an offense under this section.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF REGULATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Department of Defense Direc-tive number 5210.56 to provide that members of the Armed Forces may possess firearms for defensive purposes on facilities and in-stallations of the Department of Defense in a manner consistent with the laws of the State in which the facility or installation con-cerned is located. 
SEC. 1704. CARRYING OF CONCEALED FIREARMS BY QUALIFIED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 926C the following ‘‘§ 926D. Carrying of concealed firearms by qualified members of the Armed Forces ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘firearm’— ‘‘(A) except as provided in this paragraph, has the same meaning as in section 921; ‘‘(B) includes ammunition not expressly prohibited by Federal law or subject to the provisions of the National Firearms Act; and ‘‘(C) does not include— ‘‘(i) any machinegun (as defined in section 5845 of the National Firearms Act); ‘‘(ii) any firearm silencer; or ‘‘(iii) any destructive device; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘qualified member of the Armed Forces’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is a member of the Armed Forces on active duty status, as defined in section 101(d)(1) of title 10; ‘‘(B) is not the subject of disciplinary ac-tion under the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice; ‘‘(C) is not under the influence of alcohol or another intoxicating or hallucinatory drug or substance; and ‘‘(D) is not prohibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding any provision of the law of any State or any po-litical subdivision thereof, an individual who is a qualified member of the Armed Forces and who is carry identification required by subsection (d) may carry a concealed firearm that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce, subject to subsection (c). ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .—This section shall not be construed to superseded or limit the laws of any State that— ‘‘(1) permit private persons or entities to prohibit or restrict the possession of con-cealed firearms on their property; or ‘‘(2) prohibit or restrict the possession of firearms on any State or local government property, installation, building, base, or park. ‘‘(d) I
DENTIFICATION .—The identification required by this subsection is the photo-graphic identification issued by the Depart-ment of Defense for the qualified member of the Armed Forces.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926C the following: ‘‘926D. Carrying of concealed firearms by qualified members of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 4076. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. DECLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RE-LEASE OF CERTAIN REDACTED POR-TIONS OF THE JOINT INQUIRY INTO INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY ACTIVI-TIES BEFORE AND AFTER THE TER-RORIST ATTACKS OF SEPTEMBER 2001. 
(a) D ECLASSIFICATION AND PUBLIC RELEASE  
OF THE JOINT INQUIRY INTO INTELLIGENCE  C
OMMUNITY ACTIVITIES BEFORE AND AFTER  
THE TERRORIST ATTACKS OF SEPTEMBER  2001.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and subject to sub-section (b), the President shall declassify and release to the public the previously redacted portions of the report on the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Be-fore and After the Terrorist Attacks of Sep-tember 2001, filed in the Senate and the House of Representatives on December 20, 2002, including all the material under the heading ‘‘Part Four—Findings, Discussion and Narrative Regarding Certain Sensitive National Security Matters’’. (b) E
XCEPTION FOR NAMES AND INFORMATION  
OFINDIVIDUALS AND CERTAIN METHODOLO -
GIES.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the President is not required to declassify and release to the public the names and identi-fying information of individuals or specific methodologies described in the report re-ferred to in subsection (a) if such declas-sification and release would result in immi-nent lawless action or compromise presently on-going national security operations. 
SA 4077. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Protecting Gun Rights and Due Process 
SEC. 1099A. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pro-tecting Gun Rights and Due Process Act’’. 
SEC. 1099B. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MENTAL HEALTH. 
(a) T ITLE 18 D EFINITIONS .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 921(a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘has been adjudicated mentally incom-petent or has been committed to a psy-chiatric hospital’, with respect to a person— ‘‘(i) means the person is the subject of an order or finding by a judicial officer or court— ‘‘(I) that was issued after a hearing— ‘‘(aa) of which the person received actual notice; and ‘‘(bb) at which the person had an oppor-tunity to participate with counsel; and ‘‘(II) that found that the person, as a result of marked subnormal intelligence, mental impairment, mental illness, incompetency, condition, or disease— ‘‘(aa) was guilty but mentally ill in a criminal case, in a jurisdiction that provides for such a verdict; ‘‘(bb) was not guilty in a criminal case by reason of insanity or mental disease or de-fect; ‘‘(cc) was incompetent to stand trial in a criminal case; or ‘‘(dd) was not guilty by reason of lack of mental responsibility under section 850a of title 10 (article 50a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice); and ‘‘(ii) does not include— ‘‘(I) an admission to a psychiatric hospital for observation; or ‘‘(II) a voluntary admission to a psy-chiatric hospital. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘order or finding’ does not include— ‘‘(i) an order or finding that has expired or has been set aside or expunged; ‘‘(ii) an order or finding that is no longer applicable because a judicial officer or court has found that the person who is the subject of the order or finding— ‘‘(I) does not present a danger to himself or herself or to others; ‘‘(II) has been restored to sanity or cured of mental disease or defect; ‘‘(III) has been restored to competency; or ‘‘(IV) no longer requires involuntary inpa-tient or outpatient treatment by a psy-chiatric hospital; or ‘‘(iii) an order or finding with respect to which the person who is subject to the order or finding has been granted relief from dis-abilities under section 925(c), under a pro-gram described in section 101(c)(2)(A) or 105 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), or under any other State-authorized relief from disabil-ities program of the State in which the origi-nal commitment or adjudication occurred. ‘‘(37) The term ‘psychiatric hospital’ in-cludes a mental health facility, a mental hospital, a sanitarium, or a psychiatric facil-ity, including a psychiatric ward in a general hospital.’’; and (2) in section 922— (A) in subsection (d)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ and inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘any mental institution’’ and inserting ‘‘a psychiatric hospital’’; and (B) in subsection (g)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective or who has’’ and inserting ‘‘mentally incom-petent or has’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ and inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospital’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; (2) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘psy-chiatric hospital’’; (3) in section 101(c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incompetent’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and (4) in section 102(c)(3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AS A MENTAL DEFECTIVE OR COMMITTED TO A  
MENTAL INSTITUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AS MEN -
TALLY INCOMPETENT OR COMMITTED TO A MEN -
TAL INSTITUTION ’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.012 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3059 May 23, 2016 
(B) by striking ‘‘mental institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospitals’’. 
SEC. 1099C. PROTECTING THE SECOND AMEND-MENT RIGHTS OF VETERANS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a person who, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, is considered to have been adjudicated as a mental defective or committed to a mental institution under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, as a result of having been found by the Department of Veterans Affairs to be men-tally incompetent. (b) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, conduct a review re-lating to each covered veteran to determine whether the proceedings for the adjudication or commitment of the covered veteran were conducted in accordance with, and resulted in an order or finding described in, section 921(a)(36) of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act; and (2) unless the Secretary certifies that the proceedings were conducted in accordance with, and resulted in an order or finding de-scribed in, section 921(a)(36) of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act, en-sure that the records of the covered veteran used for purposes of any determination of whether the covered veteran is disqualified from possessing or receiving a firearm under subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, are modified to indicate that the covered veteran has not been adju-dicated mentally incompetent or committed to a psychiatric hospital. (c) E
NFORCEMENT .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION OF INACCURATE  
RECORDS .—Not later than January 1 of each year, the Attorney General shall— (A) review the record of each person who is considered to have been adjudicated men-tally incompetent or committed to a psy-chiatric hospital under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, as a result of having been found by the Department of Veterans Affairs to be men-tally incompetent; (B) identify each such record that does not include documentation indicating that the proceedings for the adjudication or commit-ment were conducted in accordance with, and resulted in an order or finding described in, section 921(a)(36) of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act; and (C) submit to the Secretary of the Treas-ury and Congress a report providing the number of records identified under subpara-graph (B). (2) R
ESCISSION .—Effective on the date on which the Attorney General submits a report under paragraph (1)(C), there is rescinded from the unobligated balances in the appro-priations account appropriated under the heading ‘‘
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION ’’ under the heading ‘‘D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRA -
TION’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS’’ the amount equal to the product of— (A) the number of records that the report states were identified by the Attorney Gen-eral under paragraph (1)(B); and (B) $10,000. (d) A
PPOINTMENT OF FIDUCIARIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5511. Use of determinations to appoint fi-duciaries ‘‘No determination by the Secretary that benefits under this title to which an indi-vidual is entitled shall be paid to a fiduciary shall be considered to be a determination that the individual has been adjudicated mentally incompetent for purposes of sub-sections (d)(4) and (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 55 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5511. Use of determinations to appoint fidu-ciaries.’’. 
SEC. 1099D. USE OF DETERMINATIONS MADE BY THE COMMISSIONER OF SOCIAL SE-CURITY. 
(a) T ITLE II.—Section 205(j) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) No determination by the Commis-sioner of Social Security with respect to an individual, including a determination that benefits under this title to which such indi-vidual is entitled shall be paid to a rep-resentative payee, shall be considered to be a determination that the individual has been adjudicated mentally incompetent for pur-poses of subsections (d)(4) and (g)(4) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, United States Code.’’. (b) T
ITLE XVI.—Section 1631(a)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(a)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(J) No determination by the Commis-sioner of Social Security with respect to an individual, including a determination that benefits under this title to which such indi-vidual is entitled shall be paid to a rep-resentative payee, shall be considered to be a determination that the individual has been adjudicated mentally incompetent for pur-poses of subsections (d)(4) and (g)(4) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, United States Code.’’. (c) E
NFORCEMENT .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION OF INACCURATE  
RECORDS .—Not later than January 1 of each year, the Attorney General shall— (A) review the record of each person who is considered to have been adjudicated men-tally incompetent or committed to a psy-chiatric hospital under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, as a result of a determination by the Commissioner of Social Security; (B) identify each such record that does not include documentation indicating that the proceedings for the adjudication or commit-ment were conducted in accordance with, and resulted in an order or finding described in, section 921(a)(36) of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act; and (C) submit to the Secretary of the Treas-ury and Congress a report providing the number of records identified under subpara-graph (B). (2) R
ESCISSION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Effective on the date on which the Attorney General submits a report under paragraph (1)(C), there is rescinded from the unobligated balances in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, and the Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Fund, on a pro rata basis, the amount equal to the product of— (i) the number of records that the report states were identified by the Attorney Gen-eral under paragraph (1)(B); and (ii) $10,000. (B) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts re-scinded under subparagraph (A) shall be deemed to have been expended for costs de-scribed in section 201(g)(1) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 401(g)(1)). 
SEC. 1099E. STATE HEALTH REPORTS. 
Section 102(c)(3) of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘A report made available by a State indicating that a person has been adju-dicated as mentally incompetent or com-mitted to a mental institution shall not be used for purposes of any determination of whether a person is disqualified from pos-sessing or receiving a firearm under sub-section (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code, unless the Attorney General determines that the proceedings for the adjudication or commitment were con-ducted in accordance with, and resulted in an order or finding described in, section 921(a)(36) of title 18, United States Code and that the State has provided clear and con-vincing evidence that the person poses a sig-nificant danger.’’. SEC. 1099F. APPLICABILITY OF AMENDMENTS. 
With respect to any record of a person pro-hibited from possessing or receiving a fire-arm under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, United States Code, be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall remove such a record from the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System— (1) upon being made aware that the person is no longer considered as adjudicated men-tally incompetent or committed to a psy-chiatric hospital according to the criteria under paragraph (36)(A)(i)(II) of section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code (as added by this Act), and is therefore no longer prohibited from possessing or receiving a firearm; (2) upon being made aware that any order or finding that the record is based on is an order or finding described in paragraph (36)(B) of section 921(a) of title 18, United State Code (as added by this Act); or (3) upon being made aware that the person has been found competent to possess a fire-arm after an administrative or judicial re-view under subsection (c) or (d) of section 5511 of title 38, United States Code (as added by this Act). 
SA 4078. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2613, to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006; as follows: 
On page 5, strike lines 23 through 25 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(c) D
EFINITION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT .—In this section, the term ‘sexual assault’ means any nonconsensual sexual act proscribed by Federal, tribal, or State law, including when the victim lacks capacity to consent. 
SA 4079. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 556, line 2, insert ‘‘, including the modernization investments required to en-sure that B–1, B–2, or B–52 aircraft can carry out the full range of long-range bomber air-craft missions anticipated in operational plans of the Armed Forces’’ after ‘‘program’’. 
SA 4080. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.012 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3060 May 23, 2016 
year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 764. STUDY ON ELIMINATING STIGMA AND IMPROVING TREATMENT OF POST- TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly conduct a study on eliminating the stigma and improving the treatment of post- traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall consult with individuals with relevant experience relating to post- traumatic stress disorder, the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder, and the im-pact of post-traumatic stress disorder on members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families, including the following indi-viduals: (A) Representatives of military service or-ganizations. (B) Representatives of veterans service or-ganizations. (C) Health professionals with experience in treating members of the Armed Forces and veterans with mental illness, including those health professionals who work for the Fed-eral Government and those who do not. (3) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-quired by paragraph (1), the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall assess the following: (A) The feasibility and advisability of strategies to improve the treatment of the full spectrum of post-traumatic stress dis-order among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. (B) The feasibility and advisability of strategies to eliminate the stigma attached to post-traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and the public in general. (C) The impact of the term ‘‘disorder’’ on the stigma attached to post-traumatic stress disorder among members of the Armed Forces and veterans, including the impact of dropping the term ‘‘disorder’’ or replacing it with the term ‘‘injury’’, when medically ap-propriate, when referring to post-traumatic stress disorder. (D) Whether using the term ‘‘disorder’’ is the most accurate way to describe post-trau-matic stress disorder in instances in which members of the Armed Forces and veterans have experienced traumatic events but have not been formally diagnosed with post-trau-matic stress disorder. (E) Whether there is a need to update the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Man-agement of Post-Traumatic Stress published by the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. (F) Whether there is a need to encourage commanders in the Armed Forces to support appropriate treatment for members of the Armed Forces who are diagnosed with post- traumatic stress disorder. (G) Whether there is a need to update in-formation provided to members of the Armed Forces and veterans, including information on Internet websites of the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, on post-traumatic stress disorder to eliminate the stigma and more accurately describe the medical conditions for which members of the Armed Forces and veterans are receiving treatment. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study required by sub-section (a), including recommendations for any actions that the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs can take to eliminate the stigma and improve the treatment of post-traumatic stress dis-order among members of the Armed Forces and veterans. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives. (2) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘veterans service organization’’ means an organization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under sec-tion 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 4081. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a Northern Border threat anal-ysis that includes— (1) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (A) to enter the United States through the Northern Border; or (B) to exploit border vulnerabilities on the Northern Border; (2) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Northern Border— (A) to prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; and (B) to reduce criminal activity, as meas-ured by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across to the Northern Border; (3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between State, tribal, and local law enforcement, international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and (4) whether additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance and preinspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help pre-vent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. (c) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the threat analysis required under subsection (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— (1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; (4) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (5) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Northern Border; and (6) the needs and challenges of Department of Homeland Security facilities, including the physical approaches to such facilities. (d) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (b) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines that such form is ap-propriate for that portion. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 23, 2016, at 5:30 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘The Open Skies Treaty: Managing Russia’s Request to Upgrade Sensors.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RAISING AWARENESS OF MODERN SLAVERY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 398, S. Res. 375. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 375) raising awareness of modern slavery. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY6.013 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3061 May 23, 2016 
The resolution (S. Res. 375) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of February 25, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 24, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 24; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate vote on adoption of the motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 88. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:38 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 24, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23MY6.029 S23MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE759 May 23, 2016 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that the following exchange of letters be submitted on H.R. 4909: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, April 29, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017. This legislation contains subject matter within the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary. However, in order to expedite floor consider-ation of this important legislation, the Com-mittee waives consideration of the bill. The Committee on the Judiciary takes this action only with the understanding that the Commission’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way di-minished or altered. The Committee also re-serves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate conference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your placing this letter in the committee report on H.R. 4909 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 4909 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agreed that the Committee on the Judici-ary has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agreed that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary is not waiving its ju-risdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washingtion, DC, April 29, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in matters being considered by H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017. I recognize the importance of H.R. 4909 and the need for the legislation to move expedi-tiously. Therefore, while we have a valid claim to jurisdiction over the bill, I do not intend to request a sequential referral. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual un-derstanding that nothing in this legislation or my decision to forego a sequential referral waives, reduces, or otherwise affects the ju-risdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdic-tional interest will be included in the Com-mittee Report and as part of the Congres-sional Record during consideration of this bill by the House. The Committee on Homeland Security also asks that you support our requests to be con-ferees on the provisions over which we have jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference on this or any related bill. Thank you for your consideration in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Homeland Se-curity has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Homeland Security is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 29, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 4909 on those matters within the Committee’s jurisduction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 4909, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my Committee’s jurisictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 4909 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, JOHNKLINE, Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. J
OHNKLINE, Chairman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Education and the Workforce has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this impor-tant legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequen-tial referral, the Committee on Education and the Workforce is not waiving its juris-diction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. f 
HONORING ROCCO CHIAVUZZO OF BAYVILLE, NEW JERSEY FOL-LOWING HIS PASSING ON FEB-RUARY 25, 2016 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my sincerest condolences and sym-pathy to the family of Rocco Chiavuzzo of Bayville, New Jersey. Rocco was a dear mem-ber of my extended family in New Jersey and a true patriot, who loved the United States and all the opportunities it provided to both him and his family over the years. Originally from Italy, Rocco moved to Amer-ica following his required military service with the Italian government to join the love of his life, his wife of more than fifty years, Michelina. After immigrating to the U.S., Rocco found a suitable home and earned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.001 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE760 May 23, 2016 
enough money to bring his parents and four siblings to America. Before retiring to the beach in Bayville, Rocco worked as a butcher in Elizabeth, New Jersey and raised his two children with Michelina, Vito and Maria. He is survived by his wife, two children and two grandchildren, Michelle and Julian, who I know will think back on their time with Rocco and cherish the won-derful memories they created together. Rocco will always be remembered as a lov-ing and caring man, whose greatest accom-plishment was his family and the joys they shared together. To his immediate and ex-tended family, especially to Michelina, Vito, Maria, Michelle and Julian, as well as Rocco’s siblings Sal, Carmine, Renato, Ugo and Geraldina, I offer my sincerest condolences for your loss. On behalf of Rocco’s entire family, I am proud to share his story with my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives and to pay tribute to the life of such a great man. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BOYERTOWN BOROUGH 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boyertown, Berks County as the community commemo-rates the Borough’s 150th Anniversary. Incorporated in 1866, Boyertown takes its name from founding brothers Henry and Dan-iel Boyer—two of the many visionaries during the past century and a half who have called Boyertown their home. The Boyer brothers were business owners and a robust spirit of ingenuity and entrepre-neurship has always been part of the Bor-ough’s rich history. Whether it was mining iron ore, rolling cigars, building caskets, assem-bling carriages, founding a national bank or operating small shops and inns, residents al-ways have demonstrated an incredible work ethic and exuded extraordinary pride in ‘‘build-ing a better Boyertown.’’ As the community pays tribute to the defin-ing moments and key figures of the past 150 years, the future of Boyertown is equally worth celebrating. The rebirth of the Colebrookdale Railroad, a revitalized downtown with unique boutiques and restaurants and a renewed ap-preciation for vibrant historical and cultural at-tractions, such as the Boyertown Museum of Historic Vehicles, are all reasons to believe Boyertown’s future will be bright. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the residents, business owners and community leaders as Boyertown celebrates this memorable milestone. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, this amendment includes my resolution to express appreciation of our disabled veterans and rec-ognize October 5th as an appropriate date to honor them each year. This coincides with the anniversary of the American Veterans Dis-abled for Life Memorial. I thank Chairman J
EFF M
ILLER for his support. Thankfully, my son, a U.S. Marine, returned safely from two wars. Regrettably, there are many veterans for whom the fight doesn’t end when they come home. My constituent Jeff Colaiacovo is one of those people. A few months into his first tour in Vietnam, Jeff’s tank hit a mine, exploding shards of metal into his eyes, blinding him. Mi-raculously, the doctors recovered his vision. Months later, a grenade hit Jeff’s tank and flames engulfed his body. After spending months in burn units, he was honorably dis-charged. He raised a family and started a small business. Jeff is disabled for life. He bears the scars of duty that remind us of what he and many others gave to serve us. In honor of Jeff and our four million disabled veterans, I urge adop-tion of this package. 
f 
OFFERING A WARM WELCOME AND CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA, TSAI ING-WEN 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Tsai Ing-wen, who will soon be sworn in as the new President of the Republic of China (ROC or sometimes Taiwan). I can-not overstate the importance of the U.S.-Tai-wan strategic relationship. This relationship is not built on just mutual security and peace; it also involves extensive trade, tourism and cul-tural awareness. Taiwan has undergone many changes over the decades since World War II, and its peaceful democratic transition of power is a testament to the progress and development of this hard-working country. Ms. Tsai Ing-wen will take the reins of a government that has provided peace and economic security for its people and has made Taiwan a household name throughout the world. Arizona is blessed to have a strong connec-tion with Taiwan, including Phoenix as a sister city with Taipei. I extend my sincere congratulations to President Tsai Ing-wen and I am confident that she will excel and exceed the expecta-tions of the voters that put her in office. I look forward to great things from Taiwan in the years to come. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 SPEECH OF  
HON. PATRICK MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4974) making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes: 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I strong-ly support grant funding for construction of state extended care facilities included in the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, which will go towards facilities like the Ardie R. Copas State Veterans’ Nursing Home in St. Lucie County, Florida. Our veterans should be receiving extraordinary care, and these facili-ties will provide those who fought for our na-tion with the long-term care they have earned. The Florida Department of Veterans’ Affairs recently resubmitted its grant application to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for con-struction funding for the State Veterans’ Nurs-ing Home in St. Lucie County. I am hopeful and urge that this bill will fully fund the new fa-cility on Florida’s Treasure Coast, including the costs to adhere to Community Living Cen-ter standards. This facility will be the first of its kind in Florida and fill an existing nursing home service gap in our state. I have been a strong advocate for the Copas facility, which will be a huge asset to our community and our veterans. The nursing home will provide health care, follow-up assist-ance, and long-term care services that we can be proud of, all while providing these services closer to home for many veterans. In addition to assisting veterans residing in St. Lucie County, it will also serve those in neighboring Martin, Indian River, Okeechobee, and High-lands counties as well as portions of six other nearby counties. This facility’s location gives it the ability to reach approximately over 200,000 veterans with more than half of these veterans over the age of 65. These important grants will advance long- term veterans care on the Treasure Coast and across the country. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this critical funding. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATION AND SERVICE OF DR. DAVID SPENCER UPON HIS RETIRE-MENT AS PASTOR OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF MILTON 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on be-half of the United States Congress, it is an honor for me to rise and recognize Dr. David Spencer upon his retirement from First Baptist Church of Milton, Florida. Throughout his more than forty-five years as a pastor, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY8.001 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE761 May 23, 2016 
twenty years as the Senior Pastor at the First Baptist Church of Milton, Dr. Spencer tirelessly served the Lord and communities all along the Gulf Coast, and his leadership will be deeply missed. Dr. Spencer was born in Senatobia, Mis-sissippi and graduated from Senatobia High School in 1965. He earned his Bachelor of Arts from William Carey University in 1969, his Master of Divinity from Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary in 1973, and his Doctor of Ministry from New Orleans Baptist Theo-logical Seminary in 1979. Over the last 45 years, Dr. Spencer has served throughout the Southeastern United States, including North Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida, with his wife of 46 years, Connie, at his side. Dr. Spencer answered the call in 1996 for what would be his final assignment. After 16 years of service at the First Baptist Church of Long Beach, Mississippi, the First Baptist Church of Milton welcomed Dr. Spencer as pastor. In addition to being known for his love for preaching and his ability to capture his congregation through storytelling, Dr. Spencer played a major part in inspiring his congrega-tion to give back to the local community. Under his leadership, the church grew both spiritually and physically. Countless individuals in Northwest Florida and overseas have been touched by the passion and service of First Baptist Church of Milton. The dedication of its people is evidenced by the eight churches they helped establish in Santa Rosa County, Florida, and the churches and foster homes they built and renovated as part of their mis-sion trips. In addition to his seminary work, Dr. Spen-cer has served on the Mississippi Baptist Con-vention Board, as a trustee for William Carey College, and as an adjunct professor at the William Carey campus in Gulfport, Mississippi. In 2007, Dr. Spencer was also elected to the State Board of Missions as a representative of Santa Rosa County, where he served until 2013. While Dr. Spencer’s time as pastor has offi-cially come to a close, he understands that God’s work is never done, and in addition to spending time with his family, pursuing his love of writing, music, wood-working, and golf, Dr. Spencer hopes to continue playing a role in the success of the Church. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Dr. Spencer for his dedication and service to Northwest Florida. My wife Vicki and I wish him and Connie, their two sons, and two grandchildren all the best as they embark on this next journey in their lives. May the Spirit of the Lord continue to bless the Spencer fam-ily and the congregation of the First Baptist Church of Milton. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4974) making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes: Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in reluctant opposition to H.R. 4974, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (MilCon). MilCon funds military construction projects for the Department of Defense and health care and other important services for the country’s veterans at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). This is a vital piece of legislation that we must get right so that our veterans get the benefits they earned and de-serve and that our military has the facilities they need. Unfortunately, the bill has a major shortcoming—it cuts $1.5 billion below the President’s request for the VA, including more than $1.2 billion from the Veterans Health Ad-ministration. The VA serves over forty-three million Americans a year and over a billion dollar in cuts will make it harder for the VA to provide for our veterans. It is for this reason I cannot support the bill. Over the years, the VA has faced a number of challenges. The VA faced funding shortfalls and was unprepared to meet the demands of a new generation of returning veterans. Ac-cess to quality health care and veterans’ ben-efits has been an ongoing challenge for the VA, highlighted by the claims backlog and by veterans waiting long periods for health care appointments. However, these challenges are made more difficult to overcome when Con-gress provides insufficient funds to the VA or shuts down the government, as it did in 2013—which led to furloughs at the VA. Many of my constituents are active duty or veterans who receive services through the VA and they deserve a fully funded VA that can quickly and accurately manage their claims. We simply must do better. As the Ranking Member on the House Budget Committee I proposed budgets that reversed sequestration for not just defense programs, but also for nondefense programs because they include important priorities like veterans’ health care. I also proposed extending advance appropria-tions for all of VA’s discretionary programs so that veterans’ programs are insulated from the possibility of future government shutdowns. I am going to continue to fight to ensure that the VA gets the resources it needs to provide for the nation’s veterans and I am hopeful that more funding will be provided to the VA when this bill returns from conference. 
f 
COMMEMORATING TERENCE J. O’SULLIVAN 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember an extraordinary advocate for workers of all kinds, Mr. Terence J. O’Sullivan. Terence dedicated his life to advocating on behalf of workers and, more important, negoti-ating collective bargaining agreements that helped workers earn pay to support their fami-lies, good benefits, and the opportunity for ad-vancement and better lives. He was the Gen-eral Secretary-Treasurer of the Laborers Inter-national Union of North America (LIUNA), one of the most diverse and effective unions rep-resenting public service employees. Terence dedicated his life to fighting for workers’ rights and for social and economic justice. He chose this path because of the strong working tradition that grew out of his Irish heritage and a dedication to assisting those in need, which he found as a man of deep faith. Following in his stead, his son Terry continues as the General President of LIUNA, continuing his father’s strong leader-ship tradition and example for the American labor movement. Terence was a positive force in the lives of thousands, if not millions, of workers across the nation through his advocacy and the posi-tive changes he supported. Terence recently passed away in the 11th District of Virginia in what would have been his 86th year. Although he will be greatly missed, his legacy will en-dure through those he touched, those he helped, and the societal changes he cham-pioned. f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN FOLKLIFE CENTER AT THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the important work of the American Folklife Center at the Library of Congress in its 40th anniversary year. The American Folklife Cen-ter was created by Congress in 1976 to ‘‘pre-serve and present American folklife’’ through research, documentation, archival preserva-tion, reference service, live performance, exhi-bitions, publications, and training. The Center collects and preserves living traditional culture and makes its valuable resources available to researchers and the general public in a cele-bration of American culture. Many of my colleagues are familiar with the work of the American Folklife Center because of the Veterans History Project, created with unanimous, bipartisan support in 2000. In this model oral history project—now the largest oral history project in America—volunteers across the country are recording interviews and collecting diaries, photographs, letters, and scrapbooks about veterans’ wartime expe-riences, from WWI to the present day. The growing collection tells the personal stories of more than 100,000 veterans and enables cur-rent and future generations of Americans to understand their sacrifices. A similar Congressional initiative through the American Folklife Center is the Civil Rights History Project, concluding this year. The Folklife Center partnered with the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture on a project to record the experiences and memories of he-roes across the country who participated in the historic struggles to secure freedom, equality and full citizenship for African Ameri-cans. The American Folklife Center’s archive is the largest of its kind in the world, preserving the cultural practices of American families, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY8.004 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE762 May 23, 2016 
ethnicities, religions, occupations and other groups and historical material from every state in the union. The collection contains more than 6,000 recordings of American Indian songs, chants, and prayers first recorded on wax cylinders dating as far back as 1890, and uses digital technology to preserve and ensure tribal access to this material. During its forty-year history, the American Folklife Center has worked closely with state and local folklife programs, local scholars, and cultural institutions, and has engaged the gen-eral public to provide expertise on preserva-tion, archiving and public programming, ena-bling diverse ways to understand our history and cultural heritage. These projects and collections are just a sampling of the important work done in the Folklife Center by its wonderful staff to pre-serve and present American folklife and cul-tural history. I commend the good work of the American Folklife Center, and offer congratula-tions on forty years of service to this nation. 
f 
HONORING ANETTE L. HARRIS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Anette Harris, an exceptional philanthropist and civic leader who is being recognized by the Junior League of San Francisco for her lifelong commitment to volunteerism and com-munity leadership. I have had the great privi-lege to work with Anette over the last decade and to call her a close friend. Anette has dedicated her life and career to improving the lives of others. While she had been the principal and owner of Loupe ´& As- sociates, a public relations firm in San Fran-cisco, for 20 years, Anette has always made it a priority to serve organizations advocating for education, equality, health and the arts. Her broad range of interests is a reflection of her giant heart and mind. Anette is a member of the Board of Trust-ees of the National Public Radio Foundation based in Washington, DC. She serves on NARAL’s Power of Choice Leadership Council in San Francisco. In 2000, she was the first African-American elected to the Junior League of San Francisco in its 90 year history. Today she serves as its president and just last year received its Sustainer of the Year Award. Anette also is the co-chair of San Francisco Achievers Advisory Council, a program dedi-cated to the educational successes of the Uni-versity of Dallas, and now is an advisor to the new College of Podiatric Medicine of Western University. She is the president of the San Francisco Symphony Marine League, the Women’s Political Fund, a nonpartisan group supporting female candidates, the vice presi-dent of the San Francisco Black Chamber of Commerce and Alumnae Resources, a career search group, and a board member of the Friends of the San Francisco Public Library. You may wonder how one person has the energy to do all these jobs, but Anette does and then some. Until recently, she also served for over ten years on the Board of Governors of the San Francisco Symphony. She has been instrumental in many fundraising efforts to address breast cancer, HIV, arthritis and lit-eracy for some of the most respected organi-zations and foundations. The roots of Anette’s passion and support of women’s health, education and business and the arts go back to her parents who were mar-ried for 53 years. Her father, Edwin Lee, played many instruments and is in the Hous-ton Museum of Jazz and Blues Musicians. He also taught her invaluable lessons about busi-ness and entrepreneurship. Anette’s mom, Florence Harris, was the inspiration for her deep involvement in education. A full time homemaker with a creole heritage, Anette’s mom believed that education didn’t just occur in the classroom, but at home. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Anette earned her BA from the University of Dallas and her Master’s at Boston College. She im-mediately landed a job at Holy Cross where she was instrumental in admitting the first class of women to the formerly all-male col-lege. She later attended the Executive Pro-gram in Strategy & Organization at the Grad-uate School of Business at Stanford Univer-sity. Anette moved to San Francisco in 1976 and worked as the Director of Admissions and Public Relations at the California College of Podiatric Medicine. Three years later she mar-ried Marc Loupe´her partner in life and busi-ness. In the rare moments when they are not working, Anette and Marc share an interest in wine, a hobby they began while dating. Anette also enjoys gardening and landscaping. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring Anette Harris for her countless contributions to our community. She is an extraordinary leader, mentor and role model who never tires in her efforts to make the world a better place. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE UKRAINIAN NATIONAL MUSEUM 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the founding of the Ukrainian National Museum in 1952 by three displaced scholars, Olexa Hankewych, Julian Kamenetsky, and Orest Horodysky. The Ukrainian National Museum is dedi-cated to the collection of documents, presen-tation and exhibition of artifacts sharing Ukrainian culture and heritage. Its collection consists of more than 100,000 museum ar-chives related to the history and legacy of Ukraine and Chicago’s Ukrainian community, and 10,000 artifacts related to traditional folk and fine arts. Today, the Ukrainian National Museum is highlighted as one of the finest achievements of the Ukrainian American community in the U.S. It features an important part of Chicago’s history and is a respected institution for Ukrainian Americans throughout the United States. The Ukrainian National Museum occupies a vital place in the cultural world of the Ukrain-ian Diaspora in America. It is visited and ap-preciated by people of many ethnic back-grounds coming from all over the world. A main reason the Ukrainian National Mu-seum is such an impressive institution is due to the hard work of many devoted individuals, one of whom is Jaroslaw J. Hankewych, son of one of UNM’s founders, Olexa Hankewych. Mr. Jaroslaw J. Hankewych served on the Mu-seum Executive Board for over 40 years, and from 2000 to 2014, served as President of the Ukrainian National Museum. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and celebrating Jaroslaw Hankewych’s work and accomplishments, and also the many contributions of the Ukrainian American community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 222 I was inadvertently detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 199TH INFANTRY BRIGADE 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the 199th Infantry Bri-gade unit of Fort Benning for their accomplish-ments in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam war. The 50th anniversary of the activation of this courageous and noble unit is on June 1, 2016. The 199th Infantry Brigade, also known as the Redcatchers, was reactivated on June 1, 1966 at Fort Benning, Georgia as the only ‘‘separate’’ and ‘‘light’’ infantry brigade to serve in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam war. It also became the first integrated combat command in the history of the United States Army when Frederic E. Davison was named Brigade Commander on September 1, 1968. He went on to become the first African Amer-ican to be promoted to Major General in the Army and commanded the 8th Infantry Divi-sion and the Military District of Washington. General Davison was the first African Amer-ican to command a combat brigade, a division, and the Military District of Washington, in addi-tion to being the first African American to at-tend and graduate from the Army War Col-lege. The members of 199th Infantry Brigade were truly groundbreaking in the way they helped to integrate the U.S. Army. The Redcatchers were a distinguished and honorable brigade that received many merits. The brigade earned several unit awards in-cluding the Presidential Unit Citation, Valorous Unit Award, the Meritorious Unit Commenda-tion, the Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm, and the Republic of Vietnam Civil Actions Honor Medal. Four members of the brigade were awarded the Medal of Honor, in-cluding Captain Angelo J. Liteky, a battalion chaplain, for his actions in saving the lives of wounded soldiers. Brigade General William R. Bond was the only commanding general killed in ground combat in the Vietnam War. The 199th Infantry Brigade was disbanded in 1970 but on June 27, 2007, the 11th Infan-try Regiment was redesignated as the 199th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.007 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE763 May 23, 2016 
Infantry Brigade at Fort Benning, Georgia. Today, the Brigade is responsible for the In-fantry and Armor Branch Basic Officer Leader-ship Courses. The Brigade trains all the ma-neuver company commanders for all of the U.S. Army combat formations. In addition, the Brigade is responsible for the International Military Student Office, the Directorate of Training, and the Maneuver Center of Excel-lence Band. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the members of the 199th Infantry Brigade for their steadfast courage and commitment to serving our country during the Vietnam war. The Redcatchers made sig-nificant contributions in safeguarding our lib-erties fifty years ago and we honor their out-standing valor and patriotic service that has helped make America the great nation it is today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FORT WORTH ALUMNI CHAPTER OF KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY, INC. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the gentlemen of the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Fort Worth Alumni Chapter, for their outstanding work in commu-nity service. Since its founding in 1947, the Kappa Fort Worth Alumni Chapter has dedicated them-selves to the Tarrant County community by empowering our local youth and providing im-portant resources for the most vulnerable resi-dents in our community. To lead the change in our youth, the Kappas began the ‘‘Kappa Kut’’ program, pro-viding free haircuts to young men in Tarrant County and amplifying the influential role bar-bers play in our community. By connecting young men to local barbers, barbers share their life experiences and encourage positive change in our community. The Kappa Kut pro-gram has expanded through partnership made possible by the Dunbar Pyramid, now pro-viding 200 free haircuts and giving away over 2,000 free backpacks full of school supplies, immunizations, and educational sessions for community parents and their children. To fight against food insecurity within our community, the gentlemen of Kappa Alpha Psi developed two key programs that continue to assist families across Tarrant County. For three years, the ‘‘Kan Food Drive,’’ with co-operation of 13 area schools and 15 busi-nesses, has collected 35,000 canned goods and raised $9,700 for the Community Food Bank. At the same time, the Kappas created the ‘‘Kappagiving’’ program, where over 300 local families receive a turkey and a box con-taining canned foods and dry goods, so that families have the opportunity to celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday. In addition, the Kappas have continued their unwavering support for the improvement of their community by partnering with the Union Gospel Mission to raise money, build fellow-ship with male residents, and donate blankets, sheets, clothes, coats, toys and toiletries for the homeless. To date, the Kappas have do-nated over $30,000 to deserving young men so that they can attend college and have con-tinued their mentorship of young males under the chapter’s Kappa League program. In honor of the Fort Worth Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, and their commitment to providing humani-tarian services, volunteer hours and financial contributions to the Fort Worth community, this statement is submitted today, Monday, May 23, 2016. f 
RECOGNIZING TECHNICAL SER-GEANT BRENT C. YOUNG, AS THE 2015 OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA, LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Technical Sergeant Brent C. Young, as the 2015 Okaloosa County, Florida, Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. Since 1998, Sergeant Young has served our great Nation with honor and distinction, and North-west Florida is blessed to have him as part of her community keeping a faithful watch over her citizens. Born in Midland, Michigan on January 9, 1980, Sergeant Young attended Bullock Creek High School, where he lettered in wrestling his first two years. In 1998, Sergeant Young grad-uated and enlisted in the United States Air Force. Following completion of Basic Military Training and Security Forces Technical Train-ing, Sergeant Young was assigned to Wright Patterson Air Force Base, during which he de-ployed five times to Southeast Asia in support of the Global War on Terror. Sergeant Young then joined the Northwest Florida community upon his selection as a Ground Combat In-structor at Eglin Air Force Base, a position he held for six years. Attached to the 96th Secu-rity Forces Squadron, Sergeant Young now has taken on the responsibilities of a Flight Sergeant. Through his unwavering courage and acts of heroism, Sergeant Young has earned the Higher Headquarters’ 2015 Noncommissioned Officer Association’s Vanguard Award and the 2015 Okaloosa Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. Whether providing critical first aid to stabilize a spinal injury and preventing another victim from going into shock from a partial fin-ger amputation, leading rescue efforts and ex-pediting medical treatment to distressed swim-mers, or assisting in the apprehension of an intoxicated driver, Sergeant Young’s keen awareness of his surroundings and skills he has honed throughout his military career has without question helped prevent the tragic loss of life. While his accomplishments and heroic acts are not limited to those aforementioned, Ser-geant Young has proven himself to be among the best. As with most accomplished and dedi-cated leaders, Sergeant Young’s passion for service does not end when he leaves work. He is very much involved in the local commu-nity. As a local Den Leader, he leads Cub Scouts through their Boy Scouts of America certifications, including more than 100 merit badges. He has also volunteered more than fifty hours at a local nursing home, partici-pating in grounds and facility maintenance. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Northwest Florida community and a grateful Nation, I am privileged to honor Technical Sergeant Brent C. Young for his outstanding achievements. We are fortunate to have individuals with a strong character and sense of selflessness willing and able to stand up strong in defense of America and her citizens. My wife Vicki and I thank Sergeant Young for his commitment to service and wish him all the best for continued success. May God continue to bless him, all of our Nation’s Law Enforcement Officers who keep us safe, and may God continue to bless the United States of America. f 
RECOGNIZING MARSHALL KAPLAN 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marshall Kaplan, who has been an Advisor at El Sol Academy for eleven years. El Sol Academy currently serves over 900 high-achieving stu-dents and has increased family participation in its new Wellness Center, on-site social serv-ices, and adult evening classes. Mr. Kaplan has an outstanding record of working in the non-profit, government and education sectors. He is the President of the new nonprofit group, Pathways to Opportuni-ties. For the past seven years, Mr. Kaplan was also the Executive Director of the Merage Foundation. Marshall Kaplan is the former Dean of the University of Colorado, Graduate School of Public Affairs, where he also headed the Wirth Chair and Institute for Public Policy. Mr. Kaplan also served in the Carter and Kennedy administrations, as an Advisor to Assistant Secretary Floyd Hyde when George Romney was Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Mr. Kaplan also was a senior official at HUD, and a principal in the national policy advisory firm Marshall Kaplan, Gans & Khan. He has written several books and numerous articles on re-gional and urban policy, environment and so-cial welfare policy, and poverty. I am honored to recognize Mr. Marshall Kaplan for his commitment to El Sol Academy in my district. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM R. SNEAD 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks to commemorate the life of Wil-liam R. Snead of Danville, Virginia, who passed away May 7, 2016 at age 92. Mr. Snead was drafted into the United States Army in 1943 during World War II and trained in Fort Bragg, N.C., where he was part of the 5th Brigade of Amphibious Engineers which was attached to the 29th Infantry Divi-sion that landed on Omaha Beach on D-Day June 6, 1944. Snead was a company engineer with the 5th Division that landed after the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.011 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE764 May 23, 2016 
wave of infantry hit the beaches of Normandy to carry out the logistical and supply tasks that were essential to the Allied conquest of Eu-rope. Upon Mr. Snead’s return from the war, he dedicated his life to farming in Pittsylvania County, later moving to South Boston, where he began to learn the trade of house painting, in which he would eventually start his own company, W.R. Snead Painting Company in Halifax until his retirement in 1984. Mr. Snead also served our community as a council mem-ber of the South Boston Church of God for many years, as well as a trustee, and taught their Adult Sunday school class for over 50 years. In 2013, I was honored to see Mr. Snead receive the French Legion of Honor for his service during the Second World War and par-ticipate in a ceremony honoring Mr. Snead in Halifax. We remain forever grateful for Mr. Snead’s bravery and sacrifices—may he rest in peace. On the occasion of the passing of William R. Snead, I ask that the members of this House of Representatives join with me, Mr. Snead’s wife Frances Jones Snead, his four children, ten grandchildren, seven great grand-children, three great, great grandchildren, and the communities of Halifax and Pittsylvania in honoring the memory of a great American hero. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LINDA JOYCE JORDAN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I extend my sincere congratulations to Ms. Linda Joyce Jordan for being this year’s recipient of the National As-sociation of Securities Professionals (NASP) Joyce Johnson Award. The Joyce Johnson Award was created by NASP as a tribute to co-founder Joyce Johnson whose mission was to make a difference for minority and women professionals in the securities industry. Ms. Jordan will be honored with this award at a luncheon during the NASP 27th Annual Pen-sion and Financial Services Conference on Tuesday, June 14, 2016 at 12:30 p.m. at the Loews Atlanta Hotel in Atlanta, Georgia. Linda Jordan has been a financial services executive for more than twenty-five years. When she started her career, there were few women and few minorities in the financial services industry. She joined NASP shortly thereafter and has since helped the organiza-tion promote opportunities for women and mi-norities in this field. Ms. Jordan has served on NASP’s Board of Directors since 2003 and currently serves as secretary to the Board. She serves also as co-chair of NASP’s Plan Sponsor Outreach Committee and she helped form NASP’s Legislative Committee and the NASP Institute. Ms. Jordan most recently served as Man-aging Director with Mesirow Financial, an independent financial services firm headquartered in Chicago. For ten years, Ms. Jordan managed the Atlanta office and was successful in developing the firm’s institutional relationships and improving its marketing and investment capabilities. She was instrumental in helping to grow Mesirow’s $92.4 billion in assets under management to date. Ms. Jordan holds a Bachelor’s degree in mathematics from Clark Atlanta University and a Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Georgia Tech. She also earned a Master of Business Administration degree in finance from Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. In addition to Ms. Jordan’s career, she is also actively involved in the community out-side of work. She served the City of Atlanta and Fulton County Recreation Authority for more than twelve years. She also was the Chair of the Government Relations Committee of the Atlanta Chapter of the National Black MBA Association and the Chair of the Cor-porate Advisory committee for the National Forum of Black Public Administrators (NFBPA). In addition, she served as President of the Board of Directors for the YWCA of Greater Atlanta. She is an active member of the Atlanta Alumni Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. A major milestone for Ms. Jordan was her induction into the Academy of Distinguished Engineering Alumni at Georgia Tech, making her the first African-American female to re-ceive this distinction. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Linda Jordan for her con-tributions to the financial services industry, the NASP, and the community. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,212,451,626,242.62. We’ve added $8,585,574,577,329.54 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. PAUL MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH AND DR. EPHRAIM WILLIAMS AND MRS. CARRIE SUE WIL-LIAMS 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church, Dr. Ephraim Williams, and the late Mrs. Carrie Sue Williams. Dr. Williams has served for 45 years as the Pastor of St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church. As the St. Paul’s congregation gathers together to celebrate the leadership of Dr. Williams and his late wife, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their important roles in the Oak Park neighbor-hood and in the larger Sacramento commu-nity. Under the leadership of Dr. Williams, St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church has grown from 100 members to over 3,500 members today. Dr. Williams and the members of his congregation continue to be a valuable com-munity resource, offering social services, vo-cational programs, educational support for Sacramento’s local youth, and help for the homeless. St. Paul’s community center, the Family Life Center, offers programs for all ages focusing on health and wellness through physical fitness and proper nutrition. The lead-ership and service to our community displayed by Dr. and Mrs. Williams are and have been nothing short of exemplary. The Williams’ dedication has made the St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church a staple in the City of Sac-ramento. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church, to Dr. Ephraim Williams, and to the late Mrs. Carrie Sue Williams, as they celebrate Dr. Williams’s 45th anniversary as Pastor. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring their out-standing work in providing the Sacramento community with invaluable services. f 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL WALTER HELM (RETIRED UNITED STATES AIR FORCE) 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of an uncommon Amer-ican, Lieutenant Colonel Walter Helm. On June 1st, Walter Helm will be buried at Arling-ton National Cemetery amidst his countrymen who, like Lt. Colonel Helm, loved this nation in all its glory. Walter Helm grew up in Bellmore, New York, born July 31, 1933, as the second of four children. Thanks to his parents, he learned the rewards of hard work, faith and charity. He also learned to love flying and in 1954 joined the Air Force, serving our nation with distinction and heroism for the next 20 years during some of its most difficult over-seas actions. However, for Walter Helm, military service was not entirely about overseas action—it was also about domestic relations of a very spe-cific kind. While serving, Walter met another officer and decided to marry her. He and Janet eventually had four daughters. With Janet’s service to our country as a major ex-ample, the couple encouraged each daughter to pursue their educations and dreams, always mindful of their duties to the broader commu-nity. Ultimately, he and Janet were rewarded for their patience in raising four daughters when they became the loving grandparents of two grandsons, Hunter and Harrison Fazlollahi. The Vietnam War was one of nation’s most difficult conflicts. Like many of his comrades in arms at the time, Walter, a patriot and heli-copter pilot, performed his duties under some of the most difficult circumstances ever en-countered by our nation’s troops. On one of these days, June 19, 1968, he piloted a CH– 3E deep within enemy territory. On that day, then-Major Walter Helm encountered heavy ground fire while attempting to extricate seven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.014 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE765 May 23, 2016 
friendly personnel. Although his helicopter was damaged, he continued his approach and then hovered for twelve minutes, despite threat of immediate and renewed attack, until the per-sonnel were hoisted aboard. For his heroic service, Major Helm earned the Distinguished Flying Cross and the government of the Re-public of Vietnam awarded him the Gallantry Cross with Palm. Upon retirement, Walter and Janet visited many countries to experience their cultures, and he encouraged his daughters to learn about the needs of people in distant lands. They gave generously to their community through various charitable organizations. America, he believed, was a great country and one individual, whether in the armed services or as a private citizen, could make a dif-ference through many forms of service. On June 1st, at the moment when the bu-gler’s solemn farewell is heard by mourners, America will realize that yet another patriot has passed. In war and peace, he set the standard for character, faith and dedication to family and our nation. Mr. Speaker, this nation is not mighty or just because of its laws or force of arms, but rath-er because men and women of character quietly dedicate their lives to our common good. Walter Helm was such a man, and our nation is forever grateful that he led his life with courage and honor so that we might live in peace and justice for generations yet to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CARONDELET HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 50th anniversary of the founding of Carondelet High School located in my con-gressional district in Concord, California. Carondelet High School has served thousands of Contra Costa County’s brightest young women during its long and successful run. Since its founding in 1965 by three Sisters of St. Joseph and three lay women, it has been the only all-women’s high school in Contra Costa County and one of just a handful in the San Francisco Bay Area. As such, it is an important part of the East Bay community. Carondelet High School’s mission state-ment—To inspire excellence by preparing young women to live with heart, faith and courage in the Catholic tradition and spirit of the Sisters of St. Joseph—reflects their long-standing tradition of providing young women with a 21st Century education grounded in val-ues that are critical to our community. Congratulations to the Carondelet High School family on a successful first 50 years of service to your students and the community. 
f 
AMIN DAVID 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, May 21, 2016, Orange County lost an outstanding citizen who was a shining example of citizenry and advocacy. After months of battling lymphoma Mr. Amin David died in his Anaheim home at the age of 83. Mr. David was born in the state of Chi-huahua, Mexico, and came to California where he became a U.S. citizen. In 1978 he helped found Los Amigos of Orange County, a group that tackled issues such as policing, civil rights, education, and public safety. Their motto was ‘‘Nos gusta ayudar,’’ which trans-lates to ‘‘We love to help.’’ And that is what Mr. David did, helping everyone from all walks of life and with any problem, big or small. To this day Los Amigos of Orange County con-tinues to have its weekly Wednesday meet-ings. Mr. David was known in Orange County as an incredible activist for Latinos and other marginalized communities. He stood tall for the voiceless and stood against prejudices like Islamophobia and anti-Semitism. Mr. David was a human rights defender through and through. In 1971 Mr. David became the chair of the Orange County Human Relations Commission and in 1977 was the first Latino appointed to the Anaheim Planning Commission. He was also a founding member of the Orange County Communities Organized for Responsible De-velopment and Orange County Community Housing Corporation. Mr. David was an active member of the Anaheim police chief’s advisory board and throughout his life made it his mission to advo-cate for Latinos and change the way police interacted with communities of color. Mr. David is survived by his wife and four children. His passing is a great loss for Or-ange County, but his legacy and accomplish-ments will live on in our community. f 
RECOGNIZING OLDER AMERICANS MONTH AND DIABETES AWARE-NESS 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, as our nation marks Older Americans Month this May, it is critically important that we raise awareness about the challenges that face our nation’s older adults and how we can work together to-wards solutions. Today, older Americans are living longer than ever. Unfortunately, more seniors are also devel-oping chronic illnesses. Among the most prevalent of these illnesses is diabetes. The Centers for Disease Control estimates that 11.2 million Americans over the age of 65 are living with diabetes. Diabetes is a costly medical condition/dis-ease that can lead to heart disease, blindness, kidney disease, amputations, and even death. This is especially true in Ohio, where, ac-cording to 2013 data from the Ohio Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, it is esti-mated that 10.4 percent of the State has dia-betes, exceeding the national average of 9.3 percent. Nationally, one out of five older Americans with diabetes have vision problems, and peo-ple with diabetes over age 75 are twice as likely to visit the emergency room for low blood sugar. Diabetes is especially acute for African American adults who are 80 percent more likely than non-Hispanic white adults to be di-agnosed with this disease. Medicare spends one out of every three dol-lars on people with diabetes. We owe it to our nation’s seniors to improve diabetes prevention, detection, and treatment. As a member of the Congressional Caucus on Diabetes, I am proud to work to advance legislation such as the Medicare Diabetes Pre-vention Act of 2015, H.R. 2102; the Minority Diabetes Initiative Act, H.R. 4209; and the Na-tional Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act, H.R. 1192, to help curb the effects of diabe-tes. Congress must make diabetes prevention and care a priority and enact legislation that would improve the health and well-being of all of our nation’s seniors. f 
RECOGNIZING BILL SPURGIN FOR 50 YEARS OF TEACHING 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize one of my constituents who has dedicated his career to education. Bill Spurgin will retire at the end of the 2015–2016 school year after having taught for 50 years. Mr. Spurgin has spent his entire career teach-ing in the Blanco Independent School District. I have long considered teaching to be one of the most honorable professions in America. And there is nothing more valuable to a stu-dent than a great teacher. Mr. Spurgin’s ca-reer is a testament to his dedication to edu-cation and his commitment to Blanco ISD. Mr. Spurgin came to Blanco ISD in 1966 as a business teacher. He has taught at three separate locations in Blanco and has worked with eight different principals and six super-intendents. In appreciation for all Mr. Spurgin has done, the lives he has shaped, and his commitment to education, I join all of his fam-ily, colleagues, and students, past and present, in congratulating him on his out-standing career. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF ANTHONY ‘‘TJ’’ FREEMAN 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, today, I join my constituents in Middle Georgia in remembering Anthony ‘‘TJ’’ Free-man, who tragically passed away in the line of duty, protecting the people of Macon-Bibb County. TJ was an investigator who served with the Bibb County Sheriff’s Office for seven years after joining the Macon Police Department in 2009. TJ has been described as a hard-working family man, a friend, and someone who was always striving to be better for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.018 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE766 May 23, 2016 
community. Police work and defending the in-nocent was in his blood. TJ even had a tattoo that read, ‘‘Blessed are the peacekeepers’’, a constant reminder of his daily work. TJ was a hero in the truest sense, bravely giving his life to serve and protect his community. TJ leaves behind his wife, Jessica, and their two children, Braden and Blaiklyn. Additionally, I want to take this time to thank all of our law enforcement officers in Georgia’s Eighth Con-gressional District for your service. You are true public servants, and our communities can rest a little bit easier each night knowing you are protecting us. Thank you, TJ, and God Bless. 
f 
HONORING DAGMAR DOLBY 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dagmar Dolby, an exceptional philanthropist and tireless advocate for social justice, health and the arts. She is being recognized for her contributions and commitment to our commu-nity by the Junior League of San Francisco. I am very proud to call Dagmar a close friend. Dagmar did not grow up in a culture where volunteering was commonplace. She grew up in Frankfurt, Germany, lived in India for a year and then spent ten years in London before she and her late husband moved to San Fran-cisco where she deeply immersed herself in volunteer work for a long list of auxiliaries and boards, starting with her son’s school. She served on the Town School Board of Trustees & Parents’ Association for nine years and the San Francisco School Volunteers Advisory Council for twelve years. In 1986 she joined the Board of Directors for the Northern California Chapter of Achieve-ment Rewards for College Scientists (ARCS), a group of women who have raised more than $90 million for graduate students in science, technology and medicine across the country. From 1990 through 1992, Dagmar was the President of the Board. At the same time, she served on the board of San Francisco Univer-sity High School and later as the Parent Trust-ee at Cate School in Carpinteria. Dagmar also has a passion for the arts. She volunteered her time and boundless energy on the boards of the Fine Arts Museum of San Francisco and the American Conservatory Theatre. In the mid-90s, Dagmar founded the San Francisco Power of Choice Luncheon for NARAL Pro-Choice America on whose board she has served for 16 years. Dagmar redou-bled her efforts towards finding a cure for Alz-heimer’s disease when her late husband, Ray Dolby, started showing symptoms of the dis-ease in 2011. Tragically, he passed away in 2013. Ray Dolby, the inventor and founder of Dolby Laboratories, was joined by his wife in many philanthropic efforts. After graduating from the University of Heidelberg in 1966, Dagmar worked as a public relations specialist at Dolby Laboratories and a translator in Ger-man, English and French. They have two sons, Tom and David. Dagmar is now the President of the Ray and Dagmar Dolby Fam-ily Fund. The Dolby’s generous philanthropic con-tributions have benefited science and medi-cine for decades. They supported the Stem Cell Initiative and the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine leading to a seed grant at UCSF for the Ray and Dagmar Dolby Re-generation Medicine Building. They founded the Ray Dolby Brain Health Center at Cali-fornia Pacific Medical Center under the direc-torship of Dr. Catherine Madison. They in-creased funding of Alzheimer’s research at UCSF, Stanford, the Buck Institute, the Glad-stone Institute and the Salk Institute. They funded the Zenith Society of the Alzheimer’s Association which works on raising aware-ness. More recently, Dagmar provided funding of new faculty positions at the UCSF Department of Psychology. In collaboration with her son, David, and daughter-in-law, Natasha, she is engaged in increasing funding for the em-powerment of women and girls. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to rise with me to recognize the tremen-dous achievements and contributions that Dagmar Dolby has made to society and the well-being of others. Her altruism and fearless-ness when taking on difficult and controversial issues demonstrate her leadership and deter-mination to make the world a better place. In San Francisco where philanthropy is wide-spread no one comes close to Dagmar’s gen-erosity. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LOREN C. AND ELOUISE COLLINS SUTTON’S 60TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 60th wedding anniversary of Loren C. and Elouise Collins Sutton. The Suttons met at Southeastern Bible Col-lege in September of 1953 and were married in Birmingham, Alabama on June 8, 1956. Loren and Elouise have been blessed with four children: Lorna Sutton Roberts and her husband Dr. Don Roberts, Elizabeth Anne Sutton, Timothy J. Sutton and his wife Glenda Houston Sutton and Dr. John Robert Sutton and two grandchildren: Dr. Michael Roberts and his wife Nicole Dunn Roberts, and Allyson Roberts Schnarr and her husband Brian Schnarr. Additional blessings include their four great-grandchildren: Austin and Luke Roberts and Livi Elise and Charli Delilah Schnarr. The Suttons have served in the ministry for 58 years. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 60th wedding anniversary of Loren and Elouise. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 2016 GRAD-UATING CLASS OF LINCOLN COL-LEGE 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor a remarkable institution, Lincoln College, located in Lincoln, Illinois. For more than 150 years, this school has uniquely equipped students with the tools necessary to realize their full potential and achieve their dreams. In 1853, commissioners began searching for a new location for the university. It became evident that the best place would be Lincoln, Illinois, the first city in the United States to be named after Abraham Lincoln before his presi-dency. On February 12, 1865, President Lin-coln’s last living birthday, construction of the first college building began. Today, students from all over the country at-tend Lincoln College to benefit from the institu-tion’s leadership-style teaching and various degree programs. This year, 273 students graduated from the college and have become proud Lynx alumni. These students had the honor of welcoming Mr. Hal Holbrook as the commencement speaker and honorary degree recipient at their commencement this year. Holbrook is known for his Emmy Award win-ning portrayal of Abraham Lincoln in the TV miniseries, Carl Sandburg’s Lincoln. I am humbled to represent such an out-standing institution with a faculty that prepares each student to become a leader in our soci-ety. Lincoln College has upheld President Lin-coln’s virtue of learning and self-improvement with each graduating class. I applaud the insti-tution’s service to our community as they edu-cate those who will assume roles of leader-ship, responsibility, and service in our society. Congratulations to all 2016 graduates from Lincoln College. f 
HONORING DR. STEVEN VANAUSDLE ON HIS RETIRE-MENT AS PRESIDENT OF WALLA WALLA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. Steven VanAusdle on his retirement as President of Walla Walla Com-munity College. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Steven VanAusdle, who is retiring at the end of this academic year, has served Walla Walla Community College for 45 years, 31 of those as President. During his highly successful tenure, Dr. VanAusdle has positioned Walla Walla as one of the top com-munity colleges in the nation. As President, he has established a culture that fosters innovation and entrepreneurialism on the campuses and in the communities served by the college. Dr. VanAusdle has de-veloped programs that meet the unique needs of Walla Walla’s students, developing young men and women who have achieved and suc-ceeded to the benefit of communities through-out Eastern Washington. His vision and ac-tions have helped a rural region experiencing economic decline transform itself into a di-verse regional economy highlighted by a thriv-ing wine industry. President VanAusdle has focused on stu-dent success and championed practices that increase participation, retention, and comple-tion rates, especially for at-risk students. Walla 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.023 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE767 May 23, 2016 
Walla Community College’s successful initia-tives include workforce training as well as pro-grams in healthcare, energy technology, water management and viticulture. Under his leader-ship, Walla Walla Community College was named the 2013 co-winner of the Top Com-munity College in the Nation by the Aspen In-stitute for Community College Excellence. The White House named Dr. VanAusdle a Champion of Change in 2011, recognizing his contribution to advance stronger communities and a stronger nation. Dr. VanAusdle was pre-sented with the Washington State University Alumni Association Alumni Achievement Award in 2010, honoring his legacy of out-standing leadership and dedication to higher education. Dr. VanAusdle has served as a member of the Council on Competitiveness, was appointed vice chair of the Washington State Economic Development Commission by Governor Christine Gregoire, represented Washington State on the Pacific Power Re-gional Advisory Board, and served on the Port of Walla Walla Economic Development Advi-sory Committee. Mr. Speaker, Dr. VanAusdle has trans-formed the lives of the students with whom he has come into contact over his more than four decades as Walla Walla Community College. He has had an immeasurably positive impact on the College, its students, and communities around Eastern Washington. I commend him on his more than forty years of academic ex-cellence at Walla Walla Community College and wish him and his family health and happi-ness in their future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE HUMANITARIAN EFFORTS OF KIMSE YOK MU (‘‘KYM’’) 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ac-knowledge Kimse Yok Mu (‘‘KYM’’). The KYM is a Turkish-based international, non-profit hu-manitarian aid and development organization that provides humanitarian relief in more than 113 countries. It has enlisted the help of over 180,000 volunteers assisting its operations around the globe. The KYM has achieved United Nations ECOSOC Special Consultative Status as an international charity. It has been recognized for providing aid in the form of social services, medical services, housing, disaster relief, and emergency response. It monitors disasters through a sophisticated operations center and is able to quickly respond to natural disasters. Much like the American Red Cross, it provides timely response and recovery efforts as well as disaster relief throughout much of the world. It has been reported that several million people have been helped by KYM. Their ef-forts include aid in the form of 1,622 fresh water drinking wells in 17 African countries which provide clean water to more than a mil-lion people. The KYM has helped orphans worldwide and renovated numerous orphan-ages to provide better living conditions. The world is a better place because of such humanitarian efforts, and on behalf of the peo-ple of Arizona and the United States we thank them. ABBY REMMERS NAMED TO NATIONAL TEAM HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize First Colony SynchroStar’s Abby Remmers, who was named to the 13–15 U.S. National Swim Team 2. Abby Remmers competed against the top 30 athletes ages 13 through 15. Remmers outperformed them all, and earned-a spot on the National Team. The final phase of the competition took place in Mesa, Arizona. Remmers will spend her summer training in both Riverside and Moraga, California and will represent the United States in early Sep-tember at the Pan-American Championships in San Juan, Puerto Rico. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, I would like to con-gratulate Abby Remmers for earning a spot on the 13 through 15 U.S. National Team. She is making Sugar Land proud and we look for-ward to seeing her represent both our district and country this upcoming September. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATION AND SERVICE OF PASTOR GOR-DON GODFREY, JR. ON THE OC-CASION OF HIS TWENTY–FIFTH ANNIVERSARY AS PASTOR OF MARCUS POINTE BAPTIST CHURCH IN PENSACOLA, FLOR-IDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on be-half of the United States Congress, it is an honor for me to rise today to recognize Pastor Gordon Godfrey, Jr. for his twenty-five years of service as pastor of Marcus Pointe Baptist Church in Pensacola, Florida. Pastor Godfrey was called by the grace of God from his full-time ministry in Panama City, Florida to Fundamental Baptist Church in Pen-sacola, Florida in 1991. By the time Pastor Godfrey arrived, Fundamental Baptist Church had undergone multiple leadership changes and experienced great discouragement. The congregation needed a new direction and a renewed sense of hope. Pastor Godfrey was thriving at his church in Panama City when he was contacted by Fun-damental’s deacon board. He felt the will of God to move and lead Fundamental Baptist Church to a brighter future. The year he ar-rived, the Church was transformed. The church moved to their current location and changed its name to Marcus Pointe Baptist Church. Ever since, Pastor Godfrey has dem-onstrated his extraordinary faith by delivering his inspirational preaching, and has brought people a fresh understanding of God’s Word while challenging them to dedicate themselves to follow the tenets of the Lord. In addition to Sunday services and the var-ious spiritual activities held at the church, Pas-tor Godfrey has expanded Marcus Pointe’s mission to include a Christian elementary school, a thrift store benefitting military fami-lies, and an online Christian Academy for grades 3 through 12. His weekly messages of faith have reached countless individuals, and it is believed that the church has averaged more than 500 salvations while climbing from 63 to more than 1600 members. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am proud to celebrate Pastor Gor-don Godfrey, Jr. for his twenty-five years of dedicated service. I know that this important milestone is only the first of many to come. My wife Vicki and I wish him, his wife June; their children, Becky Meredith and her husband Keith, Greg and his wife Brittany, and Bobby and his wife Aly; and their six grandchildren, all the best for continued success. May the Spirit of the Lord continue to bless Pastor Godfrey, his family and the congregation of Marcus Pointe Baptist Church. f 
LUTHERAN SOUTH ACADEMY BAND WINS STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate The Lutheran South Academy band in Houston for winning the state cham-pionship. The Lutheran South Academy band made school history by winning the state champion-ship for the first time. The band competed in the Texas Association of Private and Parochial Schools Large Ensemble contest, and was awarded superior ratings along with the state Sweepstakes Award. In addition, the school’s jazz ensemble was also awarded an excellent score at the competition. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to The Lutheran South Academy band for win-ning their first ever state championship. We look forward to hearing more beautiful music from these young musicians and wish them success in their future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MS. TONI MOMBERGER 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Toni Momberger, a dedicated former editor and journalist who recently re-tired from our local paper, the Redlands Daily Facts in Redlands, California, after a sterling career. Ms. Momberger has been a staple in the Inland Empire community as an advocate for civic engagement, accountability and trans-parency in San Bernardino County. In 2011, Ms. Momberger was named editor of the Redlands Daily Facts and was soon after recognized for her efforts when she was awarded Journalist of the Year by Digital First Media. Her ability to engage the Redlands community and to give a voice to our region has been an invaluable service for which we will always be grateful. As a loyal reader of the Redlands Daily Facts and as a Redlands resident raising my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.027 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE768 May 23, 2016 
family in this community, I thank Ms. Momberger for her hard work and accomplish-ments that have pushed our region forward. I also commend her on her achievements as a journalist and community leader, and thank her for bringing important resources and sto-ries from our region into Redlands households each and every day. She leaves behind a leg-acy of journalistic excellence that will be re-membered by all who read and appreciated her work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH (LISA) JOYCE FREEMAN ON THE OCCA-SION OF HER RETIREMENT AS DIRECTOR OF THE VETERANS AFFAIRS PALO ALTO HEALTH CARE SYSTEM 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Elizabeth (Lisa) Joyce Freeman, the Di-rector of the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System. Appointed to the position on February 11, 2001, we will celebrate her re-tirement on June 7, 2016. Lisa is a 1983 graduate of the University of Notre Dame where she earned a bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering. She received a master’s degree in Business Administration from Louisiana Tech University in 1987, and is a licensed civil engineer in the state of Vir-ginia. She and her husband live in the Willows neighborhood of Menlo Park, California. Lisa Freeman began her VA career in 1983 as a Resident Engineer at the VA Medical Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Later po-sitions include Senior Resident Engineer, Shreveport, Louisiana; Project Manager, Southern Region, VA Central Office; Health Systems Specialist, Southern Region Field Support Office, VA Central Office; Health Sys-tem Administrator Trainee, VA Palo Alto Health Care System; Chief Operating Officer, VA Sierra Pacific Network Office, San Fran-cisco, California; Associate Director, VA Palo Alto Health Care System; and Acting Director, VA Palo Alto Health Care System. In addition to her VA responsibilities, Lisa Freeman is a Fellow in the American College of Health Care Executives and serves as a formal mentor to numerous VA emerging lead-ers. She is a member of the California Hos-pital Association’s Santa Clara County Section and served on the 2006 Board of Directors for the Hospital Council. In 2005, she received the VA Alumni Association’s Honorary Leader-ship Award. She also received a Presidential Rank Award at the Meritorious Level in 2005 and at the Distinguished Level in 2009 and was named one of the top 100 influential women in Silicon Valley in 2011. She also completed the Brookings Institution Certificate in Public Leadership Program in 2012. When the shocking failures at various VA facilities in the country became public in 2014, there was a beacon of light and excellence at the Palo Alto VA, the institution led by Lisa Freeman. Veterans surveyed about their satis-faction with the Palo Alto VA consistently scored it above the national average and in the top 25 percent in the region for access to outpatient care. This level of excellence is why Lisa Freeman was called on by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs to lead the effort to reform the Southwest VA system in Arizona to correct widespread failures in service to veterans, including hidden wait lists. During Lisa Freeman’s tenure as Director of the Palo Alto VA she has managed 3 inpatient clinics, 7 outpatient clinics, 800 beds including 3 nursing homes and a 100 bed homeless shelter. A Fisher House, a Defenders Lodge and a new Mental Health building were built and dedicated under her leadership, and funds were secured for a second Fisher House to be built on the premises. Lisa Freeman’s duties included overseeing one of the most complex health care systems in the country with an an-nual budget of over $1 billion, a capital port-folio of $2.6 billion and more than 7,000 staff and volunteers. She was also responsible for initiating and maintaining a cooperative rela-tionship with the Stanford University School of Medicine, other local health care systems and the neighboring VA Health Care Systems. Lisa was instrumental in the creation of a new re-habilitation facility set to open in late 2016, and the joint VA/DoD facility opening in Mon-terey in late 2016. She also implemented a system improvement model that utilizes LEAN principles to improve the manner in which the Palo Alto VA cares for its veterans. Lisa Freeman has served our nation’s vet-erans with extraordinary professionalism and with the care and compassion they’ve earned and deserve. She is a gifted leader who has led the VA Palo Alto Health Care System with great distinction. I’m very proud to have worked with her and like all those who have had the good fortune to know her, I will miss her wise counsel, her effectiveness and her love for country and those she served. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring Lisa Free-man’s great work and in thanking her for her extraordinary service to our nation’s veterans. 
f 
SABLATURA MIDDLE SCHOOL AD-VANCES TO NATIONAL SEAPERCH CHALLENGE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate two Sablatura Middle School teams, Aqua Tronz and Hydro Tech, for ad-vancing to the National SeaPerch Challenge at Louisiana State University. The U.S. Navy National SeaPerch Chal-lenge is an underwater robotics competition. Both Sablatura teams qualified for nationals by finishing as two of the top seven overall teams at the regional competition. The teams build and operate their own remotely-operated vehi-cles that function underwater and are de-signed to complete an obstacle course. The SeaPerch Challenge competition judges the students’ underwater vehicles in poster and interview first, and then two underwater chal-lenges follow. The first being an obstacle course and the second being an orbs chal-lenge where the students move different sized balls into submerged containers. The students develop problem-solving, teamwork and tech-nical skills through their work. Both teams are coached by Marc Smith, and we are very proud of what he and his teams of bright young students have accomplished. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the two SeaPerch teams, Aqua Tronz and Hydro Tech. Keep up the great work. f 
TRIBUTE TO WINSTON THOMAS 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Winston Thomas, a distin-guished public servant in the states of South and North Carolina. Born August 20, 1942, Winston was a na-tive of Detroit and a graduate of its prestigious Cass Tech High school with a concentration in Electrical Engineering. He came to South Carolina to attend Benedict College in Colum-bia, graduating with a degree in Chemistry. He was a gifted athlete, attending Benedict on a football scholarship and also competing in basketball, baseball, and track, where he was part of a record-setting 4x200 relay team. While Winston passed up a professional athletic career when he declined a free agent offer from the Philadelphia Eagles, sports re-mained his lifelong passion. He participated in three all-state softball teams, was a member of the first all-black team to play in the Colum-bia Softball League, and competed in the United States Softball Association State Championship. At Benedict, Winston was an athletic institution, working as an assistant basketball coach, helping to start a swim team, and creating an Athletic Hall of Fame (into which he was deservedly inducted). Even more impressive than Winston’s ath-letic accomplishments was his tenure in public service. His career began as a science teach-er and a coach at Booker T. Washington High School. He subsequently served as Director of the Aging Program at the Columbia Urban League and as a Representative for the South Caroline Deferred Compensation Commission. From 1983 to 1988, he served as a Program Information Coordinator on the staffs of two South Carolina governors of different parties. Democrat Richard W. Riley and Republican Carroll A. Campbell. The fact that he was trusted by leaders on both sides of the aisle is a testament to his diligence and public-spir-itedness. I had the great pleasure of seeing these qualities firsthand in 1988 when he became my Executive Assistant at the South Carolina Human Affairs Commission. Winston played an instrumental role in the Commission’s work, and countless South Carolinians benefited from his service there. Though he left the Commission and moved to Charlotte shortly before I left the Commission to serve in Con-gress, our region continued to benefit from his commitment to public service, with stints at the Urban League of Central Carolina and 100 Black Men of Greater Charlotte, which was se-lected as chapter of the year three times under his leadership. After leaving 100 Black Men in 2004, Winston started another career as an antique store owner, his store MAMALU, named after his mother, Lula Ballard, was recognized as a North Carolina Treasure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23MY8.007 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE769 May 23, 2016 
Winston’s love of sports and community leadership was synthesized in the Rudolph Canzater Memorial Classic, an annual golf tournament which we started over 30 years ago and renamed for our mutual friend Ru-dolph Canzater. That tournament is sponsored by the James E. Clyburn Research and Schol-arship Foundation to raise money for college scholarships for students in South Carolina. Thousands of young people are grateful for Winston’s generosity, as am I. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-leagues join me in offering condolences to Winston’s daughter, Alanna Thomas of Balti-more, his cousins, Wesley Ballard and Angela Dixon of Detroit, and all of the rest of his fam-ily and many friends. He will be sorely missed, but he lives on in the countless people whose lives were improved by his selfless service and loyal friendship. 
f 
PEARLAND HIGH SCHOOL INDOOR DRUMLINE WIN STATE TITLE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Pearland High School’s indoor drumline for winning the state championship. The Pearland High School Indoor Drumline won the Scholastic Marching A Championship in the Texas Color Guard Circuit Percussion State Championship. Notably, this is the first year since 2005 that Pearland High School has had an indoor drumline. The drumline is directed by Nicholas Guiliano. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Pearland High School’s Indoor Drumline for winning the state championship in their first year. We look forward to hearing great things from these students and are proud of them for representing Pearland so well. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4974) making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes: 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, first, I want to thank Chairman D
ENTand Ranking Member B ISHOP  for their unwavering leadership of our sub-committee. As the daughter of a veteran, it is truly an honor to be serving in my second year as a member of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittee. The bill before us provides a total of $81.6 billion in spending—which, thankfully, is $1.8 billion more than current-year spending levels. Yet, this allocation falls $1.2 billion short of the President’s requested funding level. This gap undermines the promise that we’ve made to veterans that we would provide them with the best and most innovative care. This, Mr. Chair, is unnecessary, shameful— and frankly—unacceptable. While there are many provisions which create spending gaps for vital services that our veterans need, I am also pleased to support other provisions. I support the investments in military infra-structure, housing, and other services to en-sure that we give our brave men and women in uniform and their families the proper respect and care they deserve. Additionally, I am pleased that these investments will also help make our military facilities greener and more energy efficient, which is vital to our planet, our national security and the department’s bot-tom line. I also want to thank the Chair and Ranking Member for the inclusion of report language requiring the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) to provide an updated report on claims processing at the Oakland VA Regional Office (VARO). While the Oakland VA has made sig-nificant improvements in Oakland, more work remains to ensure that veterans in my District and throughout the Bay Area are provided with quality care and timely care. Mr. Chair, I understand the enormous sac-rifices made by our service members and their families. And that’s why I support language encouraging more coordination between fed-eral agencies to help our veterans’ transitioning back to civilian life find jobs. I’m also pleased this bill provides veterans greater access to education, housing and more com-prehensive health and mental health services. While these are small steps, they are impor-tant ones when approximately one million vet-erans will be settling into American commu-nities in the next three to five years. Finally, Mr. Chair, I want to mention that I will join my colleagues in offering an amend-ment to allow VA doctors to prescribe medical cannabis to their patients in states with state- legal medical cannabis laws. Mr. Chair, the federal government shouldn’t be erecting bar-riers between patients and their medicine. So I hope my colleagues will join me in sup-porting that effort. I look forward to continue working with the subcommittee to improve quality of life for our brave service members, veterans and their families. And to work towards addressing funding deficiencies as the process moves for-ward—our veterans deserve nothing less. f 
THE PASSING OF HARRY WU 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I rise today to honor the passing of a deeply committed human rights activist and friend, Mr. Harry Wu. Harry is survived by his son, Harrison, and his former wife, Ching Lee. I offer my sincerest condolences to his family. Harry is also mourned today by the many friends and col-leagues who will remember him as a tireless and determined advocate for freedom and jus-tice. Harry was born into a comfortable life in Shanghai, but this life was turned upside down when the Communist Party came to power in 1949. His father lost his job and his family’s possessions were taken away. In college, Harry made the mistake of criticizing the So-viet Union, and for this mistake he suffered for 19 years in the Laogai—the system of forced labor prison camps used by the Communist Party to control the Chinese people. Harry worked to expose the horrors of the Laogai. Unfortunately, a system of arbitrary detention remains in place in China today, under dif-ferent names. During his 19 year detention, Harry endured unimaginable hardship and horror. Surviving such an ordeal is itself a testament to Harry’s toughness and tenacity. Harry was driven by this hardship to spend the remainder of his life fighting for the victims of Chinese Com-munism, exposing its abuses to the world. After emigrating to the United States, Harry risked his freedom on multiple trips back to China to document forced labor in China’s prison camps. In 1995, Harry was caught. I re-member that time well, as Ching Lee worked with me and other Members of Congress to call publicly for Harry’s release. The Chinese government gave Harry a show trial and then sentenced him to exile. He was never able to go home to China again. Harry remained undaunted by his exile. He poured his time and energy into his organiza-tion, the Laogai Research Foundation, con-tinuing to raise awareness of forced prison labor in China. He published several books about his own ordeal. He published the Black Series, the riveting memoirs of other survivors of the Laogai labor camps. In 2008 he opened the Laogai Museum, documenting human rights abuses in China, both past and present. Harry was also a passionate voice against China’s heinous population control policy—the ‘‘One-Child Policy’’ and helped this Congress expose the abuses of forced abortions and sterilizations. Harry saw clearly that the vio-lence used to control the vital instinct of par-enthood was a great crime, and a lasting black mark on Chinese history. Until his death, Harry continued to be the conscience of this Congress. He constantly re-minded Members of Congress about the abuses heaped on the Chinese people by Chi-na’s leaders and predicted that U.S. trade with China would not bring political reform—sadly history has proven him correct. As a Catholic, he was a staunch advocate for freedom of religion, and spoke out against the persecution of Tibetan Buddhists and Uyghur Muslims in China. Harry’s work lives on today even if he is no longer here with us. Because of his work, the brutal truth about the Laogai saw the light of day. Because of Harry’s commitment to the truth, the stories of survivors were not si-lenced, but were published for the world to see. When China eventually becomes a free na-tion, Harry Wu will be lauded as a hero, be-cause he worked so hard, and so long, for freedom and for justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.032 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE770 May 23, 2016 
TIRR MEMORIAL HERMANN ADULT HOTWHEELS WIN NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 23, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the TIRR Memorial Hermann Adult Hotwheels basketball team for winning the National Championship in the National Wheelchair Basketball Association’s Division III. The TIRR Memorial Hermann Adult Hotwheels basketball team defeated the Fort Lauderdale Sharks 60–33 to claim the title. The championship took place in Louisville, Kentucky. The Hotwheels have defeated teams from Tennessee, Indiana, North Caro-lina, and Florida to earn this coveted title. This is the first national championship for the team. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the TIRR Memorial Hermann Adult Hotwheels basketball team for winning this prestigious national title. We thank the team for representing TIRR Memorial Hermann so well and for bringing this title home. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, this amendment includes my provision expressing Congress’s strong support of the United States’ continued leadership in one of the world’s most important partnerships—The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). President Obama has called NATO ‘‘the most successful alliance in human history.’’ That’s because NATO is rooted in the bedrock prin-ciple of collective defense—that we are stronger together than we are apart. This prin-ciple is built on the common values of the 28 members—democracy, freedom, and self-gov-ernment. Today, more than 18,000 troops are pro-moting these values in six NATO operations. From assisting Afghan security forces to de-fending against Russian expansionism, NATO is instrumental in advancing global security and democracy. I’ve been privileged to help represent the United States at the NATO Par-liamentary Assembly for the past three years, where I engage with lawmakers from our NATO partners on today’s pressing security challenges. Some have called NATO obsolete. They are wrong. NATO could not be more relevant today given the dynamic threats we and our allies face. The United States’ continued lead-ership is key to NATO’s ability to address the evolving threats of the 21st century. I urge adoption of the amendment. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 24, 2016 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 25 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy To hold hearings to examine inter-national cybersecurity strategy, focus-ing on deterring foreign threats and building global cyber norms. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2834, to improve the Governmentwide manage-ment of unnecessarily duplicative Gov-ernment programs and for other pur-poses, S. 1378, to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government, S. 2849, to ensure the Government Ac-countability Office has adequate access to information, S. 2480, to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect un-paid interns in the Federal Govern-ment from workplace harassment and discrimination, S. 461, to provide for al-ternative financing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, S. 2852, to expand the Govern-ment’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Op-erations, S. 2465, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street in Ber-gen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office, S. 2891, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’, H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’, H.R. 1132, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’, H.R. 3082, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Or-tega Post Office’’, H.R. 3601, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 3866, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Dept-ford Township, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4046, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wis-consin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office, H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’, an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘DHS Accountability Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Biodefense Strategy Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Disaster Man-agement Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Re-authorization Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘GAO Mandates Revision Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Judicial Finan-cial Transparency and Courts Improve-ment Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016’’, an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Grant Reform and New Transparency Act of 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Infor-mation Systems Safeguards Act of 2016’’. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine improve-ments in hurricane forecasting and the path forward. SR–253 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine combating corruption in Bosnia and Herzegovina. SVC–212 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23MY8.034 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE771 May 23, 2016 
Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the trans-formative impact of robots and auto-mation. SD–106 2:30 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, focusing on Administra-tion perspectives. SD–538 4:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing on traf-ficking in persons, focusing on pre-paring the 2016 annual report. S–116 MAY 26 9 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues To hold hearings to examine cartels and the United States heroin epidemic, fo-cusing on combating drug violence and the public health crisis. SD–419 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine a review of the United States livestock and poul-try sectors, focusing on marketplace opportunities and challenges. SH–216 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine protecting America from the threat of ISIS. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, and S. 2944, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefit program. SD–226 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Small Business Administration’s 7(a) loan guaranty program. SR–428A 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’, and an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017’’. SD–106 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 JUNE 8 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine improving interagency forest manage-ment to strengthen tribal capabilities for responding to and preventing wildfires. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M23MY8.000 E23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D558 Monday, May 23, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3039–S3061 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills were intro-duced, as follows: S. 2965–2976.
                      Page S3054 
Measures Reported: S. 1143, to make the authority of States of Wash-ington, Oregon, and California to manage Dungeness crab fishery permanent and for other purposes. (S. Rept. No. 114–260) S. 1732, to authorize elements of the Department of Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Page S3054 
Measures Passed: Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act: By a unani-mous vote of 89 yeas (Vote No. 83), Senate passed S. 2613, to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and taking action on the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S3043–47, S3048–50 
Adopted: McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4078, relating to the definition of sexual assault. 
                                                                                            Page S3048 
Modern Slavery Awareness: Senate agreed to S. Res. 375, raising awareness of modern slavery. 
                                                                                    Pages S3060–61 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                   Pages S3047–48 A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Wednesday, May 25, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S3047 
Department of Labor Rule on Fiduciary—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Tues-day, May 24, 2016, Senate will vote on adoption of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’.
                                                                  Page S3061 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3054–56 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3053 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3056–60 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3060 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—83)
                                                           Pages S3048–49 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:38 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 24, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3061.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
OPEN SKIES TREATY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on the Open Skies Treaty, focusing on managing Russia’s request to upgrade sensors from Rose Gottemoeller, Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security; and Ken-neth B. Handelman, Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Defense, International Security Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D559 May 23, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 5303–5310, were introduced.
     Page H2961 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2962–63 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4465, to decrease the deficit by consoli-dating and selling Federal buildings and other civil-ian real property, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–578, Part 2); H.R. 4167, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any addi-tional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–579); H.R. 4889, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to pro-vide call location information concerning the tele-communications device of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or seri-ous physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–580); H.R. 2589, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Com-mission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–581); H.R. 4111, to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–582); H.R. 3998, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–583, Part 1); H.R. 2121, to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-censing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–584); H.R. 1838, to establish the Clear Creek National Recreation Area in San Benito and Fresno Counties, California, to designate the Joaquin Rocks Wilder-ness in such counties, to designate additional compo-nents of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Sys-tem, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–585); H.R. 5233, to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012, to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the respective roles of the District government and Congress in the local budget process of the District government, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–586); H.R. 4904, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–587); H.R. 4139, to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary exemption for low-rev-enue issuers from certain auditor attestation require-ments (H. Rept. 114–588); H.R. 4487, to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–589, Part 1); H. Res. 742, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2576) to mod-ernize the Toxic Substances Control Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pes-ticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–590); and H. Res. 743, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5055) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–591).
                            Page H2961 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2883 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H2884 
Suspension—Failed: The House failed to agree to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Kelsey Smith Act: H.R. 4889, amended, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require providers of a covered service to provide call location information concerning the telecommunications de-vice of a user of such service to an investigative or law enforcement officer in an emergency situation involving risk of death or serious physical injury or in order to respond to the user’s call for emergency services, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 229 yeas to 158 nays, Roll No. 229.
                  Pages H2885–88, H2929 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD560 May 23, 2016 
Kari’s Law Act: H.R. 4167, amended, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi- line telephone systems to have a default configura-tion that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix;
                                             Pages H2888–89 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes.’’.
            Pages H2930–31 
Securing Access to Networks in Disasters Act: H.R. 3998, amended, to direct the Federal Commu-nications Commission to commence proceedings re-lated to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 389 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 230; 
                                                                      Pages H2890–91, H2930 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Federal Communications Commission to conduct a study on network resiliency during times of emergency, and for other purposes.’’.
        Page H2930 
Amending the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption: H.R. 2589, amended, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commis-sion not later than 24 hours after adoption; 
                                                                                    Pages H2891–92 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website the text of any item that is adopted by vote of the Commission not later than 24 hours after receipt of dissenting statements from all Commissioners wishing to submit such a state-ment with respect to such item.’’.
                    Page H2931 
Alabama Hills National Scenic Area Establish-ment Act: H.R. 496, amended, to establish the Ala-bama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California;
                                                              Pages H2892–94 
Native American Children’s Safety Act: S. 184, to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings;
                                Pages H2894–96 
SAFE Transitional Licensing Act: H.R. 2121, amended, to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers;                                                                                     Pages H2905–07 
Fostering Innovation Act: H.R. 4139, to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a tem-porary exemption for low-revenue issuers from cer-tain auditor attestation requirements;
     Pages H2907–10 
Naming the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Vet-erans’ Clinic’’: H.R. 1762, amended, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Veterans’ Clinic’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2910–11 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To name the Department of Veterans Affairs community- based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’.’’.
                     Page H2911 
Designating the Department of Veterans Affairs community based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic: H.R. 960, amended, to designate the De-partment of Veterans Affairs community based out-patient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic;
                               Pages H2911–12 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the Department of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Newark, Ohio, as the Daniel L. Kinnard Va Clinic.’’.
                          Page H2912 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans: H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; 
                                                                                    Pages H2912–13 
Final Farewell Act: H.R. 3715, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to permit interments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of de-ceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during certain weekends if requested for religious reasons;
                                        Pages H2913–14 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to permit internments, funerals, memorial services, and ceremonies of de-ceased veterans at national cemeteries and State cemeteries receiving grants from the Department of Veterans Affairs during certain weekends.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H2914 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D561 May 23, 2016 
Support Our Military Caregivers Act: H.R. 3989, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H2914–16 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the process for determining the eligibility of caregivers of veterans to certain benefits administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses.’’.
                                                                            Page H2916 
Improving Transition Programs for All Veterans Act: H.R. 5229, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, especially in regards to women veterans and minority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life;
                        Pages H2916–18 
VA Health Center Management Stability and Improvement Act: H.R. 3956, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and im-plement a plan to hire directors of the medical cen-ters of the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
                                                                                    Pages H2918–20 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop and implement a plan to hire directors of the medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                 Page H2920 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Lau-rel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Wil-liam ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’: H.R. 4987, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’;
                                                         Pages H2920–21 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’: H.R. 433, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’;
                                   Pages H2921–22 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’: H.R. 3931, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs Na-tional Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’;
    Page H2922 Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’: H.R. 3953, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’;
                                           Page H2923 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Bar-ney Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4747, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Build-ing’’;
                                                                         Pages H2923–25 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boule-vard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4877, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boule-vard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2925–26 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4975, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2926–27 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’: H.R. 4761, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2927–28 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special War-fare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’: H.R. 3218, amended, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special War-fare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2928–29 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD562 May 23, 2016 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘‘Lou’’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’ .’’.
                                         Page H2929 
Designating the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs Commu-nity-Based Outpatient Clinic’’: H.R. 3969, amend-ed, to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Ne-vada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean Department of Veterans Affairs Community-Based Outpatient Clinic’’;
                                          Pages H2931–32 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the Department of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clin-ic’.’’.
                                                                                  Page H2932 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’: H.R. 4425, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Min-nesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2932–33 
Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016: H.R. 4465, amended, to decrease the deficit by con-solidating and selling Federal buildings and other ci-vilian real property; and
                                 Pages H2933–40 
Public Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2016: H.R. 4487, amended, to reduce costs of Fed-eral real estate, improve building security. 
                                                                                    Pages H2941–45 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017: H.R. 5077, amended, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intel-ligence-related activities of the United States Gov-ernment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System.
                                              Pages H2896–H2905 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H2884. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2929 and H2930. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:56 p.m. Committee Meetings 
REDUCING REGULATORY BURDENS ACT OF 2015; SENATE AMENDMENT TO TSCA MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015; ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 897, the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015’’; Senate amendment to H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 5055, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2576 with an amend-ment inserting the text of Rules Committee Print 114–54, modified by the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, in lieu of the matter pro-posed to be inserted by the Senate. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the mo-tion and provides that the motion is not subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule pro-vides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Additionally, the Committee granted a closed rule for H.R. 897. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–53 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one mo-tion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a modified-open rule for H.R. 5055. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D563 May 23, 2016 
waives points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule provides that after general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule except that: (1) amendments shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent; and (2) no pro forma amendments shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule authorizes the Chair to accord priority in recognition to Mem-bers who have pre-printed their amendments in the Congressional Record. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that section 508 of H.R. 5055 shall be considered to be a spending reduction ac-count for purposes of section 3(d) of House Resolu-tion 5. In section 3, the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 5055, section 3304 of Senate Concurrent Resolution 11 shall not apply. Testimony was heard from Chairman Upton and Representatives Pallone, Shimkus, Gene Green of Texas, Rouzer, Simpson, and Kaptur. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 24, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, business meeting to mark up an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Department of De-fense Appropriations’’, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, business meeting to mark up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’, 11 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine understanding the role of sanc-tions under the Iran Deal, 10:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the multistakeholder plan for transitioning the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine the implementation of the definition of Waters of the United States, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine debt versus equity, focusing on corporate integration consider-ations, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine United States-India relations, focusing on balancing progress and managing expectations, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine S. 2919, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide greater flexibility to States in carrying out the Disabled Veterans’ Outreach Program and employing local veterans’ employment representatives, S. 2896, to eliminate the sunset date for the Veterans Choice Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand eligibility for such program, and to extend certain oper-ating hours for pharmacies and medical facilities of the Department, S. 2888, to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry’s review and publication of illness and conditions relating to veterans stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and their family members, S. 2883, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the re-quirement of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit a report on the capacity of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide for the specialized treatment and reha-bilitative needs of disabled veterans, S. 2679, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits, S. 2520, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the care provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to newborn children, S. 2487, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, S. 2049, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a continuing medical edu-cation program for non-Department medical professionals who treat veterans and family members of veterans to in-crease knowledge and recognition of medical conditions common to veterans and family members of veterans, an original bill to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, an original bill to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and an original bill to expand eligibility for hospital care and medical services under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to include veterans in receipt of health services under the pilot program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for rural veterans, 2:15 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Economy: A View from the Barnyard’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD564 May 23, 2016 Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill for FY 2017; Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised In-terim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training, hearing entitled ‘‘Demanding Accountability at the Corporation for National and Community Service’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on 17 FTC Bills’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Program Integrity: Combatting Improper Payments and Ineligible Pro-viders’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping Terror Finance: A Coordinated Government Effort’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S.-Saudi Arabia Counterterrorism Relationship’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications; and Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, joint hearing entitled ‘‘En-hancing Preparedness and Response Capabilities to Ad-dress Cyber Threats’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Border Security Gadgets, Gizmos, and In-formation: Using Technology to Increase Situational Awareness and Operational Control’’, 2 p.m., 311 Can-non. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Allegations of Misconduct Against IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, Part I’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Task Force on Executive Overreach, hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Government on Autopilot: Delegation of Regulatory Authority to an Unaccountable Bureaucracy’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 3480, the ‘‘Fort Frederica Na-tional Monument Boundary Expansion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4202, the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’; H.R. 4789, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5244, to provide for the es-tablishment of a national memorial and national monu-ment to commemorate those killed by the collapse of the Saint Francis Dam on March 12, 1928, and for other pur-poses, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 4366, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolution Act’’; H.R. 5217, the ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolu-tion Act’’; and a discussion draft of the ‘‘Blackfeet Water Rights Settlement Act of 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Long-worth. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating the Culture of Corruption at the Department of the Interior’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’, 5 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Guan-tanamo Bay: The Remaining Detainees’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Future of Recreation.gov’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Ray-burn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S. 2012, the ‘‘Energy Policy Modernization Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5233, the ‘‘Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on the ‘‘Networking and Information Technology Research and Development Modernization Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Economy: A Taxing Experience for New Entrepreneurs, Part I’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-committee on Highways and Transit, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Safety and Reliability of the Washington Metro’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5273, the ‘‘Helping Hospitals Improve Patient Care Act of 2016’’; H.R. 2952, the ‘‘Improving Employ-ment Outcomes of TANF Recipients Act’’; H.R. 5169, the ‘‘What Works to Move Welfare Recipients into Jobs Act’’; and a vote to release the transcript of the deposi-tion taken by the Committee on Ways and Means on May 11, 2016, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Moving America’s Families Forward: Setting Priorities for Reducing Poverty and Expanding Opportunity’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 24 through May 27, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will vote on adoption of the motion to proceed to consid-eration of H. J.Res. 88, disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2943, National De-fense Authorization Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D565 May 23, 2016 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: May 26, to hold hearings to examine a review of the United States livestock and poultry sectors, focusing on marketplace op-portunities and challenges, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Appropriations: May 24, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Department of Defense Appropriations’’, 10 a.m., SD–192. May 24, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, business meeting to markup an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’, 11 a.m., SD–138. May 26, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2017’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 24, to hold hearings to examine understanding the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, 10:30 a.m., SD–538. May 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine understanding the role of sanctions under the Iran Deal, focusing on Administration perspectives, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 24, to hold hearings to examine the multistakeholder plan for transitioning the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, 10 a.m., SR–253. May 25, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fish-eries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine im-provements in hurricane forecasting and the path forward, 2 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 24, Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold hearings to examine the implementation of the definition of Waters of the United States, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: May 24, to hold hearings to ex-amine debt versus equity, focusing on corporate integra-tion considerations, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 24, to hold hearings to examine United States-India relations, focusing on bal-ancing progress and managing expectations, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 25, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to ex-amine international cybersecurity strategy, focusing on deterring foreign threats and building global cyber norms, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 25, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on trafficking in persons, focusing on preparing the 2016 annual report, 4:30 p.m., S–116, Capitol. May 26, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine cartels and the United States heroin epidemic, focusing on combating drug violence and the public health crisis, 9 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 25, business meeting to consider S. 2834, to im-prove the Governmentwide management of unnecessarily duplicative Government programs and for other purposes, S. 1378, to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government, S. 2849, to en-sure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information, S. 2480, to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal Government from workplace harassment and discrimina-tion, S. 461, to provide for alternative financing arrange-ments for the provision of certain services and the con-struction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, S. 2852, to expand the Government’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, ef-fective governance, and innovation, H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations, S. 2465, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 15 Rochester Street in Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office, S. 2891, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 North Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’, H.R. 136, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 1132, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2458, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’, H.R. 3082, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’, H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Ben-son Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3735, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Memorial Post Office’’, H.R. 3866, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Town-ship, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4046, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wisconsin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office, H.R. 4605, to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD566 May 23, 2016 Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘DHS Accountability Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Biodefense Strat-egy Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Disaster Management Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Of-fice of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘GAO Mandates Revision Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency and Courts Improvement Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Grant Reform and New Transparency Act of 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Informa-tion Systems Safeguards Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–342. May 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine protecting America from the threat of ISIS, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: May 26, business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States na-tionality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, and S. 2944, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: May 26, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Small Busi-ness Administration’s 7(a) loan guaranty program, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: May 24, to hold hearings to examine S. 2919, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide greater flexibility to States in carrying out the Disabled Veterans’ Outreach Program and em-ploying local veterans’ employment representatives, S. 2896, to eliminate the sunset date for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand eligibility for such program, and to extend certain operating hours for pharmacies and medical facilities of the Department, S. 2888, to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Agency for Toxic Sub-stances and Disease Registry’s review and publication of illness and conditions relating to veterans stationed at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and their family mem-bers, S. 2883, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend the requirement of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to submit a report on the capacity of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to provide for the specialized treatment and rehabilitative needs of disabled veterans, S. 2679, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and re-habilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits, S. 2520, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the care provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to newborn children, S. 2487, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evalua-tion of such programs by the Secretary, S. 2049, to estab-lish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a continuing medical education program for non-Department medical professionals who treat veterans and family members of veterans to increase knowledge and recognition of medical conditions common to veterans and family members of veterans, an original bill to reform the rights and proc-esses relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, an original bill to make certain im-provements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and an original bill to expand eligibility for hospital care and medical services under section 101 of the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to include veterans in receipt of health services under the pilot pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs for rural vet-erans, 2:15 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 24, closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 26, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, May 25, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Food Waste from Field to Table’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, May 25, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, markup on Financial Services and General Government Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2017, 9:30 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, markup on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 11 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, May 26, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Force Structure and Readiness: Perspectives from the Fleet’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, May 25, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Reclaiming Congressional Authority Through the Power of the Purse’’, 9:30 a.m., 210 Can-non. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 25, Sub-committee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting Safe Workplaces Through Effective and Re-sponsible Recordkeeping Standards’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 25, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Cy-bersecurity Responsibilities at HHS’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Deal Oversight: Imple-mentation and Its Consequences, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Tunisia’s Struggle for Stability, Security, and Democracy’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D567 May 23, 2016 May 26, Full Committee, markup on S. 1635, the ‘‘Department of State Operations Authorization and Em-bassy Security Act, Fiscal Year 2016’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 26, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?’’, 12 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, May 25, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Long Lines, Short Patience: The TSA Airport Screening Experience’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. May 26, Subcommittee on Transportation Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Long Lines, Short Patience: Local Per-spectives’’, 9 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, May 25, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5203, the ‘‘Visa Integrity and Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 3636, the ‘‘O–VISA Act’’; and H.R. 5283, the ‘‘Due Process Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, May 25, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Over-sight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’ (contin-ued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. May 25, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring 21st Century Mining Safety, Environmental Control, and Technological Innova-tion’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Agencies’ Reli-ance on Outdated and Unsupported Information Tech-nology: A Ticking Time Bomb’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Social Se-curity Administration: Information Systems Review’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Science of Zika: The DNA of an Epidemic’’, 10:15 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. May 26, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Impact of EPA’s Clean Power Plan on States’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, May 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Economy: A Taxing Expe-rience for New Entrepreneurs, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 25, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5303, the ‘‘Water Re-sources Development Act of 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 131, authorizing the use of Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run; General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions; and possible other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, May 25, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing on protecting small businesses from IRS abuse, 9:30 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. May 25, Subcommittee on Tax Policy, hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on the Need for Tax Reform’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: May 25, to hold hearings to examine the transformative impact of robots and automa-tion, 2 p.m., SD–106. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: May 25, to hold hearings to examine combating corruption in Bosnia and Herzegovina, 2 p.m., SVC–212. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD568 May 23, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will vote on adoption of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.J. Res. 88, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the House Amendment to Senate Amendment to H.R. 2576— TSCA Modernization Act (Subject to a Rule). Consider-ation of H.R. 897—‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’ (Subject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 5055—Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E767 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E765 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E762, E764 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E761 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E768 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E764 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E761 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E760 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E765 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E768 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E760, E770 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E760, E767 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E759 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E762 Hurt, Robert, Va., E763 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E766 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E769 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E764 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E766 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E760, E763, E767 Murphy, Patrick, Fla., E760 Olson, Pete, Tex., E767, E767, E768, E769, E770 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E762 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E766 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E763, E765 Scott, Austin, Ga., E765 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E769 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E765 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E762, E764, E766 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E759 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E761 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E763 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 May 24, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23MY6.REC D23MYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST