Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3667 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 2016 No. 92 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
OEof Texas). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 10, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable T
EDPOEto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You once again that we, Your creatures, can come before You and ask guidance for the men and women of this assembly. Bless the people of this great Nation with wisdom, knowledge, and under-standing, that they might responsibly participate in our American democracy as both political parties anticipate their conventions. Help us all to be good citizens, re-spectful in our disagreements, and gen-erous in our behavior toward one an-other. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. D
ELBENE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
STATE EFFORTS TO CRACK DOWN ON OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, recently I was proud to vote for a package of bills here on the floor of the United States House in-tended to help crack down on the ter-rible epidemic of prescription opioid abuse and heroin abuse across our Na-tion. Today, I want to recognize the efforts in the Pennsylvania General Assembly to assist in the goal of fighting back against all drug use. Specifically, a new law authored by State Representa-tive Matt Baker, who represents a por-tion of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District, would go after designer drugs in which different chemicals are combined to create new drugs. This new law will speed up the proc-ess in adding these drugs to the State’s list of banned drugs, enabling law en-forcement to arrest and prosecute the individuals responsible. Giving mem-bers of our law enforcement commu-nity the tools that they need to thwart illegal drug manufacturers will save lives. Mr. Speaker, if you want to success-fully fight back against a problem, you surround it. I am proud to see great lifesaving solutions coming from both the Federal and the State levels, with additional community action in the form of local roundtables and townhall meetings. f 
LGBT EQUALITY DAY (Ms. D
ELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, this is Pride Month, and we have much to cel-ebrate. In the last two decades, our Nation has seen the Defense of Marriage Act overturned, an end to the criminaliza-tion of same-sex conduct, and nation-wide marriage equality, all through Supreme Court decisions that were handed down on June 26. But even with these incredible strides, we cannot for-get that LGBT Americans continue to face inequality and discrimination sim-ply for who they are and who they love. That is why I have introduced legis-lation to designate June 26 as LGBT Equality Day, not only to celebrate how far we have come, but also to ac-knowledge how much work remains to be done. I urge my colleagues and all Ameri-cans to join me in celebrating the first LGBT Equality Day on June 26. As opponents of equality double down in their attempts to legalize discrimi-nation, we must keep fighting until all Americans have equal rights and pro-tections under the law. 
f 
HONORING THE BICENTENNIAL OF THE AUBURN CITIZEN (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.000 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3668 June 10, 2016 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important mile-stone in my congressional district: the bicentennial of the Auburn Citizen. Two hundred years ago today, this daily publication began serving the people of Cayuga County by providing news and community announcements. Born in 1816 as the Auburn Gazette, this community newspaper has been known by many names over the years. In an editorial placed this past week-end, publisher Rob Forcey noted that the Auburn Citizen began publishing just 40 years after the birth of our country. The history of accomplished journal-ists at this publication includes Wil-liam Dapping, a community hero who was awarded the very first special Pul-itzer in 1930 for his esteemed work in covering the bloody 1929 Auburn State Prison riots. Today, the Citizen has evolved to cover a wide area of central New York, with web-based access to local and na-tional news, weather, and community events. What is more, the publication has expanded into western Onondaga County, with the Skaneateles Journal and West Onondaga County Journal. Congratulations again to this com-munity-based publication on two cen-turies of being the voice of the Auburn community. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID GILKEY (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last Sunday, David Gilkey, an NPR photojournalist from Portland, Oregon, was killed with his Afghani translator in a Taliban ambush in Afghanistan. I cannot fully express my gratitude for David’s tireless commitment to his profession. His evocative, beautiful work, and many contributions to NPR will be remembered for generations. He covered conflict areas around the globe. Since 2001, he extensively cov-ered the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was one of the most decorated of photo journalists, including an Emmy, and the first multimedia journalist to be awarded the Corporation for Public Broadcasting’s prestigious Edward R. Murrow Award for Journalism. David played an essential role in helping us understand the global events. He was one of those who put themselves in harm’s way to open the world’s window for the rest of us. They are true heroes. Our hearts go out to the Gilkey fam-ily and to his NPR family for their loss. 
f 
APPRECIATING PRIME MINISTER NARENDRA MODI (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, I was grateful to serve on the escort committee for Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India, due to my former co-chairman-ship of the Caucus on India and Indian Americans, with my father having served in India during World War II. The Prime Minister was warmly re-ceived with his positive presentation: As a representative of the world’s largest democracy, it is indeed a privilege to speak with the leaders of its oldest. Connecting our two nations is also a unique and dynamic bridge of 3 million In-dian Americans. Threats of terror are ex-panding, and new challenges are emerging in cyber and outer space. India is undergoing a profound social and economic change. A commitment to rebuild a peaceful and stable and prosperous Afghanistan is our shared objective. In every sector of India’s forward march, I see the U.S. as an indispen-sable partner. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. South Carolina especially recognizes the success of Indian Americans, with their Governor, Nikki Haley, the sec-ond Indian American Governor elected in history. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TWIN SCHOLARS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell you a really cool story about two smart sisters, Estrella and Perla Ortiz, identical twins who earned the valedictorian and salutatorian sta-tus at their high school in Fort Worth. Estrella and Perla are the two young-est of seven siblings in the Ortiz fam-ily. The sisters worked hard and ex-celled academically at North Side High School, the home of the Steers. In their spare time, the Ortiz sisters participated in the National Honor So-ciety, Health Occupations Students of America, tutored their peers, and even helped adults obtain their GED. Their hard work paid off in academia when they were awarded scholarships at Texas Christian University, where the sisters will receive a full ride to TCU to continue their studies in biol-ogy and premed. The Ortiz sisters demonstrate that anything is possible with dedication and perseverance. And, oh, I want to also mention that their sister, Maria, was also valedictorian in 2014 at the same school. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Estrella and Perla on their extraordinary academic achieve-ment. 
f 
CHEROKEE TRAIL BOYS BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the boys baseball team of Cherokee Trail High School on winning the 2016 Colorado 5A State championship game on May 29, 2016. The students and staff who were a part of the title-winning Cougars team deserve to be honored for winning the State championship for the first time since they won the 4A State champion-ship in 2007. The Cougars beat Rocky Mountain High School 5–1 in the series, and ended the season with a winning 22–5 record. Throughout the season, the boys of the Cherokee Trail baseball team were dedicated, worked hard, and per-severed. These traits were a key factor in their endeavor to win the champion-ship, but winning could not have been possible without the tireless leadership of their head coach, Allan Dyer, and his commendable staff. It is with great pride that I join all of the residents of Aurora, Colorado, in congratulating the Cherokee Trail Cou-gars on their State championship. f 
EXPAND ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the families who are still struggling to make ends meet. Our economy has made great strides since the end of the recession. Like my colleagues, I have watched the unem-ployment rate tick down each month from 10 percent in 2009 to 5 percent today. According to the story that these numbers tell, our economy has recov-ered. But for nearly 8 million Ameri-cans still looking for work, our econ-omy is still in a state of crisis. In my home district, more than 16 percent live in poverty, and the unem-ployment rate is three times the na-tional rate, at 15 percent. I have met hundreds of these unemployed con-stituents at my annual job fair. They aren’t looking for a handout; they are looking for a hand up, an opportunity to work, a chance to live a better life, a shot at the American Dream. As we enter the second half of 2016, I urge my colleagues to stand with me and take action to expand economic opportunities and to ensure that all Americans who want to work have the chance to do so. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COACH LORI BLADE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize someone who has a lot of heart, who carries herself with class and humility, and who pushes her players to be better on and off the court. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.003 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3669 June 10, 2016 
Coach Lori Blade’s incredible success has produced 624 wins, dozens of con-ference titles, and two State champion-ships. On April 30, Coach Blade was en-shrined into the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame. Her 22 seasons of accomplishments have vaulted both Edwardsville and Carrollton High Schools’ programs to statewide dominance. Beyond the victories, Coach Blade has made a profound impact on count-less lives, teaching players to take pride not just in the game, but in ev-erything they do. Pushing her players never to be satisfied or content, Coach Blade has had a phenomenal career on the court and on the softball diamond, being the only coach in IHSA history to have over 600 wins in two sports. Congratulations, Coach Blade, on all of your accomplishments. Thank you for your commitment to our students, and I wish you all the best in your fu-ture seasons, unless you play my home-town Taylorville Tornadoes. 
f 
b0915 LYNN WOOLSEY’S VISIT (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, 444. That is the number of times Lynn Woolsey came to this floor, stood at that podium right over there, and ad-dressed this House during Special Or-ders, speaking against war and in sup-port of peace. Lynn Woolsey, for 20 years, rep-resented much of my congressional dis-trict. My colleagues here in Congress will remember her as a passionate and outspoken advocate—a leader—in the effort to strengthen our national secu-rity without war. One of the ways that she did that was through her hundreds of Special Order hour speeches. In the final one of these, No. 444, she said the following: ‘‘Sometimes I’ve been accused of wanting a ‘perfect world.’ But I con-sider that a compliment. Our Founders strove to form a ‘more perfect Union.’ Why shouldn’t we aim for a perfect world? You see, I’m absolutely certain that if we don’t work toward a perfect world, we won’t ever come close to pro-viding a safe, healthy, and secure world for our grandchildren and their grand-children.’’ She is with her grandchildren Carlo and Luca here today. Let us thank Lynn Woolsey for her service, and let’s urge all Members of Congress to approach our work with the same tenacity and resolve to work together toward peace, health, and se-curity for all. EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 767, I call up the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 89) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 767, the con-current resolution is considered read. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 89 Whereas a carbon tax is a Federal tax on carbon released from fossil fuels; Whereas a carbon tax will increase energy prices, including the price of gasoline, elec-tricity, natural gas, and home heating oil; Whereas a carbon tax will mean that fami-lies and consumers will pay more for essen-tials like food, gasoline, and electricity; Whereas a carbon tax will fall hardest on the poor, the elderly, and those on fixed in-comes; Whereas a carbon tax will lead to more jobs and businesses moving overseas; Whereas a carbon tax will lead to less eco-nomic growth; Whereas American families will be harmed the most from a carbon tax; Whereas, according to the Energy Informa-tion Administration, in 2011, fossil fuels share of energy consumption was 82 percent; Whereas a carbon tax will increase the cost of every good manufactured in the United States; Whereas a carbon tax will impose dis-proportionate burdens on certain industries, jobs, States, and geographic regions and would further restrict the global competi-tiveness of the United States; Whereas American ingenuity has led to in-novations in energy exploration and develop-ment and has increased production of domes-tic energy resources on private and State- owned land which has created significant job growth and private capital investment; Whereas United States energy policy should encourage continued private sector innovation and development and not in-crease the existing tax burden on manufac-turers; Whereas the production of American en-ergy resources increases the United States ability to maintain a competitive advantage in today’s global economy; Whereas a carbon tax would reduce Amer-ica’s global competitiveness and would en-courage development abroad in countries that do not impose this exorbitant tax bur-den; and Whereas the Congress and the President should focus on pro-growth solutions that encourage increased development of domes-tic resources: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detri-mental to American families and businesses, and is not in the best interest of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The con-current resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H. Con. Res. 89, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 89, which takes a strong stand against the carbon tax that would hurt American families, workers, and job creators. As the President closes out his time in office, he would like nothing more than to ram through more of his harm-ful energy agenda. Just look at the President’s budget this year. Among the $3.4 trillion in tax hikes he pro-posed, the President included a $10 per barrel tax on oil. This tax alone would cause gas prices to increase by an esti-mated 25 cents per gallon. With a car-bon tax, there would be a tax hike on production, distribution, and the use of not only oil but also of natural gas and any other form of energy that emits carbon. Such a tax would have many serious impacts on our economy by making day-to-day life more expensive for families throughout this country. First, a carbon tax could drive up the cost of energy for both the producers and the consumers. This translates to larger energy bills that eat up even more of Americans’ take-home pay, es-pecially during the hottest and coldest months of the year. Second, a carbon tax would destroy well-paying jobs throughout the Amer-ican energy sector—a sector that has fueled significant job growth through-out the country. Third, a carbon tax would deliver a direct hit to working families and have compound effects that would reach all corners of the economy. In fact, a car-bon tax would increase the cost of, vir-tually, every good manufactured or service performed in the United States, including everyday necessities. If a good requires energy to make or trans-port, which most do, taxes on that en-ergy are, essentially, a tax on that good. As a result, Americans would have to pay more for everything—from milk to clothing to school supplies. Finally, to make this bad idea even worse, we know that a carbon tax would hurt those who are living in pov-erty and those who are on fixed in-comes more than anyone else. Put simply, a carbon tax would make it harder for us to grow our economy and help working families and small businesses succeed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.005 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3670 June 10, 2016 
We all want an all-of-the-above en-ergy approach that supports new inno-vations, not a targeted tax hike on spe-cific industries. Thanks to the leader-ship of Whip S
CALISE , Congress will pass this bill today and send it to the Senate, and we will send a clear mes-sage to the people in our districts, as well as to the Obama White House, that we do not support this extreme tax. Instead, we will continue to pass leg-islation that grows our economy and that helps more Americans get back to work. After all, last week, we received the worst jobs report in almost 6 years. It is more important than ever that we move forward with a bold, pro-growth agenda, not another expensive Wash-ington tax. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. What is happening today is further evidence that the Republicans are sim-ply not doing their job. There is real work to be done. It is simply inexcus-able that action has not yet happened to prepare for the Zika virus. That would be real action. Helping the peo-ple of Flint get clean drinking water, in my home State, would be something real. There is no budget resolution that has been considered here on the House floor. Raising the minimum wage would also be real, and it would help lift many families out of poverty. Clos-ing tax loopholes and making the Tax Code fairer would be real. Instead, today, we are voting on two senses of Congress resolutions. Doing so provides further evidence that the Republicans not only are not acting on those real problems mentioned earlier but are in denial on another real issue that needs action—climate change. The scientific evidence of climate change is overwhelming, and the consensus is clear, and we have seen the impacts of climate change, virtually, every day in our country and around the world. This week, the CBO, led by a Director appointed by the majority here, re-leased a report that identified the ef-fects of climate change as a potential risk to the Federal budget. According to that report, the cost of hurricane damage is projected to be $35 billion more than it is today because of cli-mate change. The report stated: ‘‘Human activities around the world, primarily the burning of fossil fuels and widespread changes in land use, are producing growing emissions of green-house gases.’’ Climate change requires all of us, in-cluding the Republicans here who are in total denial, to come to our senses and to act on the challenge of climate change. This sense of Congress resolution, like the second one, completely fails to meet that challenge. I urge its rejec-tion. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that the distinguished gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee and the chairman of the Tax Policy Sub-committee. Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank my col-league and friend on the Ways and Means Committee, Mrs. B
LACK , for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 89, a resolution express-ing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. At a time when 80 percent of domes-tic energy consumption comes from natural gas, from oil, from coal, it is, clearly, counterproductive to make these necessary resources more expen-sive by imposing an indirect tax on these fuels. A carbon tax means higher utility bills for families, more expen-sive goods and services for consumers, decreased economic activity, and it would really hurt job creation. We al-ready heard about the dismal numbers last week that were released—38,000 non-farm-related jobs. Let me just be clear. When we were in the recession, one of the prime driv-ers economically that took us out of the recession was the shale revolu-tion—a real energy renaissance in this country. Mr. Speaker, this type of tax is not just a tax on carbon—it is a tax on working families; it is a tax on the American economy; it is a tax on American competitiveness; it is a tax on our energy security. It strikes right at the foundation of our national secu-rity. It is the wrong thing to do. It is a regressive tax. It hurts the people who are most dependent on fixed in-comes—seniors. It hurts them most. Why would we even consider doing this? There are better ways to set up tax-ation for this country that meet our needs. I just don’t understand why one would propose this type of tax, other than the fact that there is a radical en-vironmental agenda, which would hurt manufacturing and American competi-tiveness. We can’t do this. We need to grow this economy. We need growth around 3 to 4 percent minimum to cre-ate jobs, to let American business cre-ate value, to assert American leader-ship globally. We are not going to do this with a carbon tax. We won’t do it. We need pro-growth policies. Mr. Speaker, the American people understand this. A recent study by the Institute for Energy Policy found that over 60 percent of Americans oppose this type of idea. I applaud Whip S
CALISE for offering this sensible resolution because it then puts forth a very strong, affirmative statement that we are not going to dis-arm the American economy, that we are not going to strike a blow at Amer-ican competitiveness when we are struggling already as it is. I am sick and tired of the fact that American leadership is eroding around the world. I am sick and tired of the fact that we are walking around with timidity. We ought to be embracing the concept of American leadership. This gives us an opportunity, based on American innovation and energy—the clearest example of which I know of American exceptionalism—to rewrite the rules of energy security based on open markets, transparent pricing, and diversity of supply source. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to hear my friend from Louisiana with his impassioned presen-tation today; but his presentation, coming on the heels of what we all heard from the Prime Minister of India—calling for a low carbon, sus-tainable, innovative future—makes me sad. If we would have had our economy take these issues seriously—maybe have a week of hearings—we would have been able to demonstrate to the gentleman with an impartial panel of independent experts all across the po-litical spectrum—Conservative, Lib-eral, Republican, and Democrat—that a carbon tax, revenue neutral, is, actu-ally, the key to the innovative future they want. There are all sorts of ways to design a carbon tax, to, actually, enhance the role—the economic status—of low- and moderate-income people, but we never had a hearing on that. It is just simply dismissed as something that we can’t do, but they have done it elsewhere in the world. If the committee had done its job, we would be dealing with facts, not hyperbole. b0930 If the committee had done its job, we would have heard that we have very real challenges today to American se-curity, which our Department of De-fense has pointed out. Climate change, despite denial from some of my friends on the other side of the aisle, is a threat today to the American military posture. Climate change is disrupting industries like fishing. It is producing unprecedented flooding, forest fires, and a wildly un-predictable weather future. The reduc-tion of arctic ice at unprecedented lev-els ought to be of concern to my friends on the other side of the aisle. Maybe if we had some open, honest hearings that were balanced and inde-pendent, that case would have been made and they may support it. But whether or not they care about climate change and global warming, a carbon tax makes sense for American innovation, the economy, and our com-petitiveness. It is the areas of low-car-bon energy that have seen the job growth. There are now more people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.007 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3671 June 10, 2016 
working in wind and solar than the coal industry by far. That is where the job growth has been undertaken. A carbon tax would enhance Amer-ica’s global competitiveness. And if we had hearings, listening to independent experts across the board, that case would be made, and I don’t think we would have this foolish resolution on the floor. These are elements that would inject into our energy policy an even, bal-anced approach using market forces, which are much easier than some of the incentives that we have, which are important, which people on both sides of the aisle have supported in the past. But a carbon tax is a more effective way of achieving those objectives. Now, Mr. Speaker, I am sad that we didn’t have that debate in committee. I am sad that we didn’t hear from inde-pendent experts. I think of our friend Bob Inglis, former Congressperson, who is on a personal crusade working with the evangelical community about the merits of a carbon tax. It would have been great to have heard from Bob and others like him to be able to present a balanced picture and be able to deal with meaningful policy. I still hope that someday, that time will come that our Ways and Means Committee actually takes the time to dive into one of the most important issues of the day and to examine one of the tools that independent experts all across the spectrum agree would be a solid addition and actually simplify the Tax Code while we can help people in low income and small business and provide incentives for America’s global competitiveness, like we heard from the Prime Minister of India from that very rostrum just 2 days ago. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), a colleague of mine and a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). We see eye to eye on almost everything in our lives, and it is really good to be able to stand here today and speak so strongly in favor of H. Con. Res. 89. I really do appreciate the passion and sincerity of my colleagues across the aisle. What we are talking today is about policy. What we are talking about today is the all-important, unintended consequences that so often are put to blame for bad things that happen to American people. They are well in-tended, yes, at their conception, but very harmful. We are talking about a carbon tax, $10 a barrel on oil. And we are saying: Well, don’t worry about that because that is going to be charged upstream. That is going to be charged when it is taken out of the ground. But we all know that every single tax, every single cost is paid down-stream. What do I mean by that? Every day hardworking Americans get up in the morning and want to put a roof over the heads of their families, food on the table, clothes on their back, and a little bit of money put away for their future. But every day we continue to come up with policies that somehow, although well intended, make it harder for them to make a liv-ing, make it harder for them to live the American Dream, make it harder for them to get ready for the future. Now, I know there are always going to be existential threats. I get that. My grandson is afraid to get out of bed at night because he thinks there is a mon-ster under it. He thinks that if you get up in the middle of the night, maybe there is somebody in the closet or maybe there is something else. Now, I am not a climate change de-nier. Of course, the climate changes. I have seen it happen in my life. I have seen it where people say it is getting too cold and now it is getting too warm. Well, you know what? It just changes. I get that. What doesn’t change is the assault on the American people to pick up the tab on all of these costs. There is nothing that makes less sense to me than what we are doing. And back home where I come from, there is an old saying that goes something like this: Measure twice and cut once. Why? Because once you do that cut, it is permanent. That is why you want to measure twice to make sure that the cut you make is the right cut. That is why you need to take the policies that affect everyday American people and make sure that you are not hurting them. Well intended, I get it. I know it is well intended. I just don’t think the American people have to pay the brunt of this. I am very aware of the Prime Min-ister of India being here Wednesday. And I also know that between India and China, that is where the greatest pollution comes from. I get it. I get it. Putting $10 a barrel on oil coming out of the ground just doesn’t make sense. I would just like my friends on both sides of the aisle to think about somebody named Steven Jobs. Steven Jobs did not invent the PC because we taxed typewriters too high and caused the cost of that. Innovation, of course, is the answer. And we have seen great innovation. I know where I am from in western Pennsylvania, that clean coal is real. But the President promised, when he was running as a candidate, that he would put those who chose to make electricity by burning coal out of busi-ness. So we regulate them to the point where it is no longer cost efficient to do that, but we keep moving that way. The fact that 40,000 Pennsylvanians make a living that way, well, don’t worry about that, they will have to find something else to do. You can go down to West Virginia and you can hear where candidates told them: Lis-ten, you are going to be out of busi-ness, but we will find something else for you to do and we will just get to that later. Look, we have an opportunity today. This is a sense of Congress to tell the American people what it is that we think goes on with this policy. For far too long we have turned a deaf ear and a blind eye to the people who sent us here to represent them. We talk very loftily about what it is that we would like to see, how it is that we would like it to go, our dream for the future. But we forget that every day, hardworking American taxpayers get up, throw their feet out over the side of the bed, and go to work for a very particular reason: their families, their churches, their schools, their communities and, more importantly, all of America. Well intended, yes. But the results would be devastating. And who would pay this carbon tax? Who would pay this $10 a barrel? It would be any man or woman who has to go out and buy anything for his or her family. It would be reflected in the cost of everything we put on our backs and everything we put in our mouths. It would affect everything we do when we travel from one point to another, but we say it is necessary. It is necessary because we have to tax this so high that we drive people away from it. I would hope that we could come to-gether in America’s House and do what is right for America’s people, to do what is right for the people who sent us here to represent them because they are working so hard to make sure that there is a future for their children. In the last month when we created one job for every 8,000 Americans—one job for every 8,000 Americans, are you kidding me?—in the greatest country the world has ever known, in a Nation that leads the world in defending free-dom and liberty, in a Nation that knows that the best way to help others is through American participation—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I do want to make sure that this final point comes across: We can work together for solutions. We can work together to do the same things for the same people that we all came here to represent. I do not think that there are ill-intended ideas on the other side. I think they are well-in-tended. I just think they are wrong. I think they are wrong for the times, and I think they are wrong for the American people. As I said earlier, where I am from, there are a lot of old adages. And one of them is: don’t worry about the mule, just load the wagon. I will tell you right now that the mule is trying to find a way to unhook 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.009 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3672 June 10, 2016 
itself from the wagon because that load has gotten too heavy to pay. I know that the people who are loading the wagon think it is okay because at some point, that is going to have to be deliv-ered somewhere. The truth of the mat-ter is it is not. We have put too heavy a burden on American taxpayers, hardworking American taxpayers, hardworking Americans. 1.4 million American lives have been sacrificed for the freedom and liberty not just of this country— our country and our Nation—but for the whole world. So I say let’s be care-ful before we do these well-intended but careless things. Let’s be careful be-fore we turn our backs on the people who we actually represent here, and that is hardworking American people. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I couldn’t agree more with my good friend from Butler, Pennsylvania, that we can actually come together and fashion solutions. That is why it is such a tragedy that this resolution comes to the floor without ever having our committee work on it, because we could have had hearings that could have narrowed those gaps. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from six conservative advocates for climate change action. 
JUNE7, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : Later this week Congress will take up a resolution sponsored by Congressman Scalise (R–LA1) that ex-presses the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the economy of the United States. We are concerned that this resolution offers a limited perspective on carbon taxes and is blind to the potential benefits of market-based climate policy. Legislation that incorporates a carbon tax could include regulatory and tax reforms to make the United States economy more com-petitive, innovative, and robust, benefiting both present and future generations. We recognize that a carbon tax, like any tax, will impose economic costs. But climate change is also imposing economic costs. This resolution falls short by recognizing the cost of action without considering the cost of staying on our present policy course. There are, of course, uncertainties about the future cost of climate change and, likewise, the cost associated with a carbon tax (much would depend on program design and the pace and nature of technological progress). The need for action, however, is clear. A re-cent survey of economists who publish in leading peer-reviewed journals on these mat-ters found that 93% believe that a meaning-ful policy response to climate change is war-ranted. The least burdensome, most straight-forward, and most market-friendly means of addressing climate change is to price the risks imposed by greenhouse gas emissions via a tax. This would harness price signals, rather than regulations, to guide market re-sponse. That is why carbon pricing has the support of free market economists, a major-ity of the global business community, and a large number of the largest multinational private oil and gas companies in the world (the corporate entities among the most di-rectly affected by climate policy). In reaching a conclusion, this resolution neglects the fact that the United States al-ready has a multiplicity of carbon taxes. They are imposed, however, via dozens of federal and state regulations, are invisible to consumers, unevenly imposed across indus-trial sectors, unnecessarily costly, and grow-ing in size and scope. The policy choice is not if we should price carbon emissions, but how. Unfortunately, this resolution also fails to differentiate between proposals that would impose carbon taxes on top of existing regu-lations (chiefly the Obama Administration’s Clean Power Plan), and proposals that would impose carbon taxes in place of those exist-ing regulations. Conservatives and free mar-ket advocates should embrace the latter, re-gardless of how they view climate risks. An economy-wide carbon tax that replaces existing regulatory interventions could re-duce the cost of climate policy and deregu-late the economy. It could also provide rev-enue to support pro-growth tax reform, in-cluding corporate income or payroll tax cuts, which could dramatically reduce overall costs on the economy. Revenues could be ap-plied to compensate those who suffer the most from higher energy costs; the poor, the elderly, and individuals and families living on fixed incomes. Unfortunately, none of those options are presently available because Members of Con-gress have neglected opportunities to design and debate market-friendly climate policies in legislation. Instead, they have yielded au-thority in climate policy design to the Exec-utive Branch. By discouraging a long-over-due discussion about sensible carbon pricing, this resolution frustrates the development of better policy. Sincerely, JERRY TAYLOR , President, Niskanen Center. B
OBINGLIS , Executive Director, RepublicEn. A
PARNA MATHUR , Resident Scholar, American Enterprise Institute. E
LILEHRER , President, R Street In-stitute. T
HEREV. MITCHELL C. H
ESCOX , President, Evangelical Environmental Net-work. A
LANVIARD, Resident Scholar, American Enterprise Institute. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Pennsylvania could have heard them talk about the need for ac-tion and how you can design a carbon tax that meets the objectives he is talking about, but we never did that. We didn’t listen to experts across the spectrum—Republican, Democrat, con-servative, liberal, economists, and sci-entists—to be able to examine the facts. Instead, we have a cartoon proposal that they are arguing against as op-posed to something that we could have worked on together that is promoted by most of the independent experts in the field. And someday within our life-time this Congress will consider and, I think, probably approve. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Seattle, Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), who has looked at some of these challenges around the globe. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, as I come to speak on the floor, I think I am in the House of the deniers. Now, in 2007, that liberal journal, National Geo-graphic, had an article called ‘‘The Big Thaw.’’ And it says: ‘‘It’s no surprise that a warming cli-mate is melting the world’s glaciers and polar ice. But no one expected it to happen this fast.’’ That was in 2007. That was 9 years ago. I was taken, along with GERRY CON-
NOLLY , up to the Arctic with the Norweigian Government. They are wor-ried about what is happening. This resolution is just burying your head in the sand. I think you are thinking that if you put your head in the sand long enough, it will go away and, when you pull your head out, it won’t be there. The CBO just put a report out: Texas, Louisiana, and Florida are going to have hurricane damage that is unbe-lievable. FEMA already accounts for 45 percent of money spent on hurricane damage, $95 billion since 2000. Now, if you think the insurance com-panies are going to keep insuring against hurricanes, you have another thing coming. At some point, they are going to say: We are not doing hurri-cane insurance in Florida, Louisiana, Texas, and a whole bunch of other places. That is the economics. You say: Let’s not pay anything right now, let’s not change anything, let’s not work on it. But if we don’t work on it, we are going to pay later. I am old enough to remember a FRAM commercial on the television. It was an air cleaner on your car, and it said: Pay me now or pay me later. And this is what this is about today. Now, there are things going on in this country which just absolutely bog-gle my mind. In North Carolina, the as-sembly got together and they said: You know what? We are not going to spend any money to measure the sea levels. Now, you have hundreds of miles of coastline in North Carolina where the sea is rising and property values are going to be lost. We are talking money here. We are not talking soft, liberal stuff. This is real, and people don’t want to even look at it. In Florida and Wisconsin, they took a novel approach and they said: We are not even going to use the words ‘‘cli-mate change’’ in anything. Now, here in Congress, the climate deniers take many forms, from block-ing the words ‘‘social cost of carbon’’ to directing the Department of Defense to ignore climate change. All the while, the DOD itself highlights the threat of climate change to national security. Republicans like to talk about national security. b0945 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. If you are serious about talking about national security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.010 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3673 June 10, 2016 
you better start talking about the cli-mate change that is going on in the world. Sea lanes across the North Pole are coming, boats are already coming, we are building the Panama Canal wider, and it is opening up on the north end of the globe. Now, this absurdity cannot last, and we have got to begin to do what Mr. B
LUMENAUER suggested. There have to be hearings. Bob Inglis, I knew him when he was here. God, he was a wild- eyed liberal. I couldn’t believe what a wild-eyed liberal he was. He came down here talking about a carbon tax. I had a carbon tax. Mr. L
ARSON had a carbon tax. This is not a partisan issue, Demo-crat versus Republican; it is whether or not you are going to look at the science of what is happening on the globe. I urge people to vote ‘‘no’’ on this. You will come back and do it in a couple of years. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), our majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for yielding. I am proud to bring forward this legislation, Mr. Speaker, that ex-presses the strong sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy. If you look at what this administra-tion has done through radical rules and regulations, through all of its agencies, starting with the EPA, with the IRS, with the NLRB, the whole alphabet soup of Federal agencies that every morning wake up trying to figure out how to make it harder for our economy to get moving again, how to make it harder for people to create jobs in America, frankly, the results of these radical regulations are shifting and running jobs away, out of our country to foreign countries like China, like India, and they want to keep it going. This is not a new concept, Mr. Speak-er. They tried this years ago when they brought through the cap-and-trade bill. Passed out of the House, it couldn’t even pass in the Senate when they had a supermajority in the Senate with 60 votes because it was such a detri-mental idea that would devastate our economy. Yet even with that defeat, President Obama still tries to come back with a carbon tax through other means, whether it is regulations or whether it is superimposed carbon taxes through the EPA and some of the other things they are doing. We have had hearings on this, Mr. Speaker. There is data all around that confirms how devastating a carbon tax would be to the United States econ-omy. You can just look at what some of the outside groups that look at this said. The National Association of Man-ufacturers, the people that make things in America, have confirmed we would lose more than a million jobs in America if a carbon tax was imposed. Where would those jobs go? They would go to countries, ironically, that don’t have the good environmental standards we already have. So they would go to countries like China and India where, if you are concerned about carbon going into the atmosphere, the things that they do to produce the same things we produce here in Amer-ica, it creates more than five times the amount of carbon in those countries. So you are shifting jobs out of America to send it to countries where you would actually create more carbon. They talk about somehow being able to create policy that will stop hurri-canes and change the sea level rising, for goodness sake, as if some policy is going to do that. By the way, the result of their poli-cies will increase carbon in the Earth’s atmosphere. But let’s not even talk about that. Let’s actually talk about the track record of this administration that now wants to control the Earth’s temperature. They spent over $500 million and couldn’t even create a Web site to take your health insurance requests, healthcare.gov. Remember that? Well, this same group now thinks they can control the Earth’s temperature through radical policies. Again, let’s look at the devastating impact these policies would have. They wouldn’t work, first of all, but they would have a devastating impact on the middle class of this country. The Congressional Budget Office, our own Congressional Budget Office that looked at this, said a carbon tax would actually hit low-income people the hardest, even harder than high-income people. It would have a devastating impact on those people who are least able to afford it because it would increase the cost of everything they do. It would in-crease your food costs at the grocery store. It would increase, of course, what you pay at the pump. It would in-crease your electricity prices. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman. Mr. SCALISE. The Heritage Founda-tion looked at this and said that this kind of carbon tax would actually in-crease the cost of everything that fam-ilies buy by over $1,400 per family. Families are going to pay $1,400 more every year for the cost of a carbon tax that the other side wants to defend. And to yield what? To just yield an op-portunity for countries like China and India to grow their economies at the expense of ours. So, Mr. Speaker, if you look at what they are trying to do—and, again, if you want to do this, bring it forward as an idea in legislation. They tried it with cap-and-trade, and it got defeated when Democrats controlled everything. There is bipartisanship on this issue, and the bipartisanship is in opposition to a carbon tax. So why don’t we go on record and be very clear about it, not just that it is bad policy, but also to reaffirm how devastating it would be for the United States economy. It shouldn’t move forward. The Presi-dent needs to stop this radical agenda and instead focus on reversing the de-pressing economic activity that we have seen in this country since he has been President because of these kinds of policies. Let’s get real economic growth. Let’s bring those jobs back to the United States. Let’s reject a carbon tax. I urge adoption of this resolution. Mr. BLUMENAUER. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I enjoyed my friend from Louisiana’s impassioned presen-tation. It is too bad that the Com-mittee on Ways and Means didn’t actu-ally sit down and go through the ele-ments that would be in a balanced car-bon tax. He is debating a cartoon version, not one that we worked on. I am going to yield, in a moment, to one of the gentlemen who, earlier in this carbon debate several Congresses ago, has been involved with crafting a realistic carbon tax. We had the reference to the inability to move the cap-and-trade, which I don’t think is as good as a carbon tax. It failed because there were a minority of the Senate who were opposed to al-lowing it to go forward. It wasn’t that we didn’t have a majority that were in-terested. In the Senate, you can have a veto with 41 people who are decided that they are not going to allow things to move forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON). He has been a student of a carbon tax, who has listened to those people across the political spectrum and has been a champion of a reasonable, thoughtful approach to promote Amer-ican innovation. I would just point out the areas where we have had the greatest job growth in the energy sector have not been petroleum or coal. It has been solar and wind. A carbon tax would help accelerate that by leveling the playing field and allowing the forces of economics to dictate the next steps. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to be on the floor and join in this debate. I must, along with my colleague from Oregon, express frustration. This body should be about the vitality of ideas. Whatever those ideas are, in a democ-racy, there ought to be the willingness to express them. Mr. B
LUMENAUER has detailed, at length, the lack of public hearings. Lis-ten, I get it. This is a messaging oppor-tunity. This has no force of law. All this does is say what the sensibilities are of the Congress. Now, what does the public think of the sensibilities of the Congress? What the public thinks is that we are all bluster and no solution and that we never take the time to sit down and measure twice and then cut. We just simply don’t do that in our commit-tees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.012 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3674 June 10, 2016 
And so the vitality of ideas, a very noble idea expressed by a Republican, Mr. Inglis, many sessions ago and em-braced by many conservative econo-mists in the Reagan, in the Nixon, and in the Bush administrations about pro-viding certainty in terms of what we need to do and a revenue stream that has this at its core: tax pollution—tax pollution—at its source, and pass the savings on to the consumers. We know the volumes that are pro-duced. We know the science behind this. There should be an open and clear-eyed debate on this; but not only a debate about the pros and cons, but how about something refreshing for the American people—a solution. It may not be the bill that I proposed or that Bob Inglis proposed or that any num-ber of people have embraced, but you have major companies, including major oil companies that will be taxed, say, no, this is a sensible way for us to em-brace this, and we are enjoined by the very people who this would tax and by conservative economists who say, yeah, we ought to take a look at this not only from the standpoint of the certainty that it will provide, but the known certainty of what pollution does. And it is not just about climate change. It is about the health of the air that we breathe, what we are poisoning in the atmosphere for our children, what happens with respect to the ef-fects of asthma and what happens in terms of the people in coal mines from black lung disease. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. These debilitating diseases scream out for the Congress not to have a message oppor-tunity that may or may not advantage one side or the other in the realm of politics, but how about a solution? How about us doing what M
IKEKELLY  suggested, to work together in the committee to come up with a positive solution as to how to address this? Pass the savings along to the consumer. De-velop a revenue system that will, in fact, allow us to rebuild our country that is crumbling around us. Let’s take those steps and the re-sponsibility that we all have to the citizens to provide them with solu-tions, not bluster. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ), a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Com-mittee on Natural Resources. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. B
LACK and Mr. B OUSTANY on these two concurrent resolutions that are being offered today. I appreciate the time. I recall in this debate here that there was a whole movie back in the 1960s called ‘‘If It’s Tuesday, This Must Be Belgium.’’ Well, if it is tax-raising time, this must be Washington, D.C., because there are more schemes all the time to come hit not just big, evil cor-porations and big energy producers; this always ends up hitting the bottom line of American working families and the economy. The President’s plan to raise a tax on each and every barrel of oil produced by $10 translates out to 25 cents at the pump. We heard earlier some of my col-leagues talk about what the carbon tax would mean to working families—much more than they can afford in this bad economy and a time where the jobless rate is higher than is even measurable by this administration. This continues the antidomestically produced energy narrative of this ad-ministration. It only hurts U.S. energy jobs and takes productive U.S. fields, such as what we have in California, out of production that are on the margins of being profitable. Instead of having domestically produced energy, we are going to shift more of that burden to other sources: foreign energy or the need for exploring more here or off-shore. Why don’t we allow the profitable en-ergy and oilfields we have in California and this country to continue to be pro-ductive and not hamper them with an-other additional tax that will take them out of production and rely more on foreign oil? Now, how popular is this amongst regular people? In my own district, we conducted a survey recently where peo-ple actually took time to send post-cards back into my office that came in at approximately a 90 percent rate in opposition to this $10-per-barrel oil tax, which they understand means 25 cents, again, per gallon at the gas pump. This really, really hurts all Ameri-cans. It hurts working families, people on the lower end of the income scale, but even more so, districts like mine that are very rural and all the other rural districts around this country where people have to travel farther to get to their work, to take their kids to school or to healthcare appointments, their ball games, maybe even save up occasionally in this economy for a travel vacation they might like to take and visit the beauty of America. b1000 So the rural economy is even more devastated by this—the rural economy that also would be productive with en-ergy—with these schemes that are being pondered. Additionally, there are other ideas, like a tax on every mile driven, which is being contemplated at some level here federally as well as in my own State. Tax people for every mile they drive, tax them at the gas pump, tax them for carbon. Again, this hits real people in America, not just some idea of a big, evil corporation. The answer in Washington always seems to be more government and tax-ation that hurts working families. Per-haps first, these dollars should be chan-neled into projects that people can use. Not more environmental projects, but more highways, more bridges, more water storage. Not boondoggles like we have in California, such as the high- speed rail money pit, or the cost of frivolous environmental measures that drive up the costs of construction projects and sometimes even com-pletely eliminate them. We talk about a green economy a lot, especially on that side of the floor over there. Why don’t we focus on a green economy that is not based on import-ing solar panels from China or wind machines from Europe? How about we get out and do the forestry that is needed to be done to thin the forests? We are talking about the air we breathe. Each summer, for months, the air is brown in northern California— lots of California—and lots of the West-ern States from forests that are burn-ing because they are not managed, be-cause they are not thinned. Instead, they are overgrown. That would be a green economy. We could turn this into biomass if you want to have real energy that works for the equation of renewable energy. Channel that effort into that instead of chasing these wind machines and solar panels. Mr. Speaker, this is why I support H. Con. Res. 112 and H. Con. Res. 89, to send a message that this is more job- killing taxes and schemes that will fix our economy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. LAMALFA. It is the freedom to explore for and produce low-cost do-mestic energy that will help Americans and our economy to recover once again. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ), a gentleman who brings his private sector business success to commonsense solutions in policy. Mr. DELANEY. I want to thank my friend from Oregon for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today, my friends on the other side of the aisle are making four points. The first point they are making is that they don’t believe in science, be-cause the science around climate change is unassailable. The second point they are making is that they don’t worry about American prosperity, because from an economic perspective and national security, the military, we should be reminded, has called climate change a threat multi-plier. This is a very significant risk to long-term American prosperity. The third point they are making is that they don’t believe in the power of markets to change behavior at its core. They are not acknowledging the power of a capitalistic economic model to change people’s behavior. And the fourth thing they are saying is that they don’t trust U.S. businesses to innovate into opportunities and around challenges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.013 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3675 June 10, 2016 
These are extraordinary statements. And contrast that with our approach. I have a piece of legislation called the Tax Pollution, Not Profits Act, which puts in place a carbon pricing mecha-nism, which has been proven to be the most effective way—more effective than a regulatory approach—to change behavior and reverse some of the trends and bend the curve on climate change. We take the revenues that are gen-erated by that bill and we use it to off-set all of the costs that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say exist through tax credits to individuals. We set aside money to take care of the re-tirement of all the coal workers in the United States of America for the rest of their lives, and then we take the re-maining revenues and we pay for a sig-nificant and substantial cut to business taxes. So this piece of legislation, unlike what my colleagues are proposing, has a double bottom line. It will reverse the negative effects of climate change and the threat to our prosperity, and it is a pro-growth policy because it puts money back in the economy and it makes a bet on U.S. businesses that they can innovate and grow into oppor-tunities and around challenges. It is re-flective of the view of businesses in 2016, not the view of businesses from the 1950s. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon has 9
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from Ten-nessee has 9 minutes remaining. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), my friend, who has spent a lot of time thinking about these environmental issues and acting on them. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to these two resolutions. The first one, H. Con. Res. 89, says that a carbon tax would necessarily be detrimental to the United States econ-omy. This is false. Plain and simple. The truth is that we can and we must design carbon pollution reduction strategies to spur advancements in clean energy technology, reduce carbon pollution, and fight climate change. These strategies, including a carbon tax or a fee, can easily be designed to be revenue-neutral, and we know from long experience at the State and Fed-eral level that fighting pollution is good for jobs and good for the econ-omy. California is a perfect example. If anyone has questions about this, come to California, where you will see that climate leadership is actually also good economics. It doesn’t seem to matter to my col-leagues who have offered these resolu-tions. In the year 2016, they continue to deny the reality of climate change. Literally, our friends across the aisle are the last policymakers on the planet Earth to hold this view. Even in other oil-producing companies, the conserv-ative parties in those countries ac-knowledge climate change, and they have positions in their party platforms that acknowledge we need to do some-thing about it. Now, the other resolution, H. Con. Res. 112, similarly demonstrates a lack of leadership by opposing President Obama’s proposal to finance infrastruc-ture investments. Those who don’t sup-port the President’s infrastructure fi-nancing mechanism, I think, have a re-sponsibility to offer their own solu-tions for our infrastructure crisis. This bill doesn’t do that. Instead, it simply describes a desire to support Big Oil. So here we have it: climate denial; the party that doesn’t want to fill va-cancies on the Supreme Court; a party that doesn’t want to do its job to re-spond to public health crises, like Zika; a party that prefers not to offer any so-lutions on our critical infrastructure funding needs. Is this how we are going to make America great again? I don’t think so. Let’s move forward in the 21st century and not let our en-ergy and infrastructure policies be driven by 18th century thinking. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose both of these bills. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, we are here debating H. Con. Res. 89, which purports to express the sense of Congress. But really, nothing could be further from the truth, because what it does is express the nonsense of Con-gress. We are here witnessing the latest ex-ample of climate denial brought to the floor by the majority. The entire world agrees that climate change is a press-ing problem, except this extreme wing of the Republican Party. Climate change is already affecting people across the globe. As Dr. M
CDERMOTT from Washington pointed out already, the nonpartisan CBO re-cently noted the increasing and enor-mous budgetary impact future storms will have on our Nation, and attributed the majority of this problem to climate change. And I am here to tell you these costs will fall disproportionately on low-income people, low-income com-munities, and people of color in our country. Are we here on the floor debating a real solution brought forward by the majority? Are we here having hear-ings? No, we are not. We are here debating a resolution cutting off a solution that economists from all corners of the Earth believe is the most efficient way to address climate change. A properly designed price on carbon can improve the overall performance of the U.S. economy, protect competitive-ness, create jobs, promote investment, and lead us toward American energy independence. The gentleman from Oregon is right: instead of debating this resolution, we should be having hearings discussing ways that we can sensibly lead the transition to renewable fuels and clean energy sources. Even big oil companies like Royal Dutch Shell and BP have voiced sup-port for carbon taxes in recent years, acknowledging that climate change is real and that we should be doing some-thing about it. And I say, Mr. Speaker, vote ‘‘no’’ on H. Con. Res. 89, and let’s start a real debate, a sensible debate on this exis-tential threat to our Nation and to the globe. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I really appreciate this little window of an opportunity to talk about a car-bon tax. I hope that the day will come when we will have an opportunity to have that discussion in a robust and thoughtful way in our Ways and Means Committee. Heaven knows it is impor-tant. Lots of people have opinions and ideas. I think we would benefit from it, but I hope that we will have that dis-cussion after we hear from a balanced, wide-ranging group of independent ex-perts across the spectrum to be able to give us meaningful information about it. I include in the RECORD a letter from Greg Dotson, who is the Vice President for Energy Policy at the Center for American Progress. 
CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : Later this week, the U.S. House of Representatives will con-sider H. Con. Res. 89, a resolution that re-jects the pricing of carbon pollution. On be-half of the Center for American Progress, I am writing to urge you to oppose this resolu-tion. It is time for Congress to develop sen-sible policies that address the serious and po-tentially catastrophic impacts of climate change. Science informs us that we need an urgent solution to this problem. Although the current Administration has made his-toric progress on climate change, it is clear that we need to do more to achieve addi-tional carbon pollution reductions and lead the world in responding to this global chal-lenge. Top economic advisors to both Democratic and Republican Presidents have expressed their support for putting a price on carbon as an effective and efficient approach for reduc-ing pollution. Joseph Stiglitz, former Chair-man of the Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) under President Bill Clinton, has stat-ed, ‘‘Economic efficiency requires that those who generate emissions pay the cost, and the simplest way of forcing them to do so is through a carbon tax.’’ Gregory Mankiw, former Chairman of the CEA under President George W. Bush, has stated, ‘‘Basic econom-ics tells us that when you tax something, you normally get less of it. So if we want to reduce global emissions of carbon, we need a global carbon tax.’’ In fact, carbon pollution is already priced in a significant portion of the world. In total, about 40 national jurisdictions and more than 20 cities, states, and regions on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.014 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3676 June 10, 2016 
five continents—representing almost a quar-ter of global greenhouse gas emissions—have placed a price on carbon. In the United States, 25 percent of the population lives in a jurisdiction where carbon pollution is cur-rently priced and where one-third of the country’s economic activity takes place. The price on carbon in California is the highest of any state in the country at almost $13 per ton of carbon dioxide equivalent, and yet the California economy is projected to grow at a faster pace than the rest of the United States over the next two years. In recent years, momentum to expand the adoption of carbon pricing policies has been growing. More than 400 investors with more than $24 trillion in assets have called on gov-ernments to establish ‘‘stable, economically meaningful carbon pricing.’’ Already, more than 1,000 businesses apply a price on carbon to inform their investments and operations or plan to do so in the next two years. In ad-dition, at the United Nations climate talks in Paris last December, governments, busi-nesses, and nongovernmental organizations announced the new Carbon Pricing Leader-ship Coalition to accelerate and expand the adoption of carbon pricing worldwide. In order to mitigate the worst impacts of climate change, the United States needs to consider all possible tools at its disposal, in-cluding the effective market-based mecha-nisms of carbon pricing. Members of Con-gress need to work together on a bipartisan basis to find ways to cut carbon pollution rather than advance polarizing measures that take useful tools off the table. I urge you to reject this ill-advised resolution. Sincerely, G
REGDOTSON , Vice President for Energy Policy, Center for American Progress. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Let me just read a couple of items from Mr. Dotson’s letter. He points out that ‘‘top economic ad-visors to both Democratic and Repub-lican Presidents have expressed their support for putting a price on carbon as an effective and efficient approach for reducing pollution.’’ He cites Gregory Mankiw, former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President George W. Bush, who says: ‘‘Basic economics tells us that when you tax something, you normally get less of it. So if we want to reduce global emissions of carbon, we need a global carbon tax.’’ ‘‘In fact, carbon pollution is already priced in a significant portion of the world. In total, about 40 national juris-dictions and more than 20 cities, states, and regions on five continents— representing almost a quarter of global greenhouse gas emissions—have placed a price on carbon. In the United States, 25 percent of the population lives in ju-risdictions where carbon pollution is currently priced and where one-third of the country’s economic activity takes place.’’ That is in America right now. There is no acknowledgment of that in this debate. We could have talked about that in the committee. ‘‘The price on carbon in California,’’ referenced by my friend, Mr. H
UFFMAN , ‘‘is the highest of any state in the country at almost $13 per ton . . . yet the California economy is projected to grow at a faster pace than the rest of the United States over the next two years.’’ They reference the fact that ‘‘more than 400 investors with more than $24 trillion in assets have called on govern-ments to establish ‘stable, economi-cally meaningful carbon pricing.’ Al-ready, more than 1,000 businesses apply a price on carbon to inform their in-vestments and operations or plan to do so in the next two years. In addition, at the United Nations climate talks in Paris last December, governments, business, nongovernmental organiza-tions announced the new Carbon Pric-ing Leadership Coalition to accelerate and expand the adoption of carbon pric-ing worldwide,’’ in keeping with what we heard from Prime Minister Modi in this Chamber just 2 days ago. b1015 Yet my friends on the other side of the aisle are not involved with our being able to discuss this in depth, being able to bring in the experts, being able to work together to design a pricing mechanism that avoids some of the cartoon characteristics that they establish here. We had that chance, and we haven’t done it. But this will not be the last word. This meaningless resolution will un-doubtedly pass today. It is not going to have any impact in terms of the long term. The long term, we are on a path to price carbon, and we have the capac-ity to do so in a thoughtful and an ef-fective way, like the conservative lead-ers, whose correspondence I put into the RECORD earlier, suggest. It can be revenue neutral. It can be effective. It can help reverse the more damaging effects of climate change, and it is a way to promote economic opportunity and global competitive-ness. I appreciate the opportunity to ex-press my views on this. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. You know, although my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have made this a conversation about climate change—which I agree that we can have and we should have in another venue, and that is in the committee structure—this is about a President who decided on his own, without com-ing to Congress to discuss this tax, this $10 tax on a barrel of gasoline, because he was unable to get this carbon tax, when, by the way, the House and the Senate were both in his own party, he couldn’t even get this passed. So this is a discussion for another day about cli-mate change, which we can all have, and have in a very gentle way. However, let me sum up what this would do if this were to pass, the im-pact that this carbon tax would have on the American people: It would drive up the cost of energy, which would most affect those at the lower income. It would destroy well-paying jobs in the energy industry, well-paying jobs. Right now, when we look at what our loss of jobs are here in this country, we have the lowest rate of jobs in 6 years. Number three, it would directly hit working families the most, those at the very lowest income, and especially those who are elderly. None of these help to grow our econ-omy and get our economy moving or people back to work or raise their in-comes. Therefore, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H. Con. Res. 89. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letter from opponents of H. Con. Res. 89: JUNE7, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, the un-dersigned organizations urge you to oppose H. Con. Res. 89. This resolution is the latest example of climate action denial being ad-vanced by extreme members of the House of Representatives. Instead of listening to the national security experts, faith leaders, sci-entists, energy innovators, health profes-sionals and many others who are sounding the alarm on climate change and have im-plored our nation’s elected officials to sup-port action, Rep. Scalise and the co-sponsors of H. Con. Res. 89 appear to be looking for another way to say ‘‘no.’’ The sponsors of the resolution have no plan to address climate change and have opposed every proposal to do something about the planet’s gravest en-vironmental problem. Many of them don’t even accept the scientific fact that climate change is occurring. H. Con. Res. 89 ignores the huge costs that our country is already experiencing due to climate change—costs that fall dispropor-tionately on low-income communities and communities of color. It is clear this resolu-tion is meant to put the interests of the pol-luting fossil fuel companies ahead of the American public’s best interest. Instead of holding another just-for-show vote against climate action, the U.S. House of Representatives should be debating how it can best position our country to lead the global transition to clean energy sources. Last year more than half of the world’s new energy came from renewable energy sources and the landmark Paris climate agreement sends a powerful signal to investors that this trend toward low-carbon energy will accel-erate. More and more countries and hundreds of forward-looking companies are adopting policies to limit carbon pollution and correct the markets failure to capture the health and environmental costs of burning fossil fuels. At a time when the American taxpayer is already paying to move vulnerable American communities to higher ground because of cli-mate-driven sea level rise, we have no time to waste on empty resolutions that seek to take potential climate solutions off the table. Sincerely, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, Environ-ment America, Environmental Defense Action Fund, Fresh Energy, League of Conservation Voters, League of Women Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Public Citizen, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Union of Concerned Scientists. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 767, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the concurrent resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.006 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3677 June 10, 2016 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS OPPOSING THE PRESI-DENT’S PROPOSED $10 TAX ON EVERY BARREL OF OIL Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 767, I call up the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 767, the con-current resolution is considered read. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 112 Whereas raising revenue and spending money are powers reserved to Congress by the Constitution; Whereas according to global economists, the United States oil and gas industry is cur-rently experiencing the worst industry de-cline since similar commodity price col-lapses in the 1980s and 1990s forced oil compa-nies to slash payrolls and dividends; Whereas global oil production exceeds de-mand by more than one million barrels a day, and Iran has promised to provide an ad-ditional 500,000 barrels a day to the world market, now that several sanctions have been lifted after the recent implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action; Whereas the price of a barrel of oil is cur-rently around $30, less than a third of the $90-plus it was selling for 18 months ago; which would mean the President’s proposal would be equivalent to a 33.3 percent tax, making the United States Federal excise tax on oil the highest of any domestic product; Whereas this tax could translate into as much as an additional 25 cents on a gallon of gas, when the Federal tax on gasoline is cur-rently 18.40 cents per gallon; Whereas the oil and gas industry accounts for significant employment and is an even more significant driver of investment spend-ing and growth along the supply chain, rang-ing from aggregates to steelmaking and spe-cialist equipment; Whereas more than 258,000 people employed in oil and gas extraction and support activi-ties globally, including more than 100,000 across the United States, have lost their jobs since October 2014; Whereas every lost oil and gas job leads to an additional 3.43 jobs cut in other sectors; Whereas that means the 114,000 job losses in the oil and gas sector wiped out an addi-tional 391,000 jobs in other sectors last year and sliced economic growth to about 2.1 per-cent from 2.6 percent; Whereas more layoffs are virtually certain in the months ahead in oil and gas produc-tion, as well as along the supply chain and in petroleum-dependent economies, as the con-tinued price slump filters through to even less drilling activity; Whereas the number of rigs drilling for oil and gas has fallen from over 1,900 in October 2014, to 744 at the end of November 2015, and just 619 at the end of January 2016, according to oilfield services firm Baker Hughes; Whereas manufacturers, for example, an-nounced 37,221 layoffs in the past 12 months; Whereas shipments of steel in the United States—used to make oil and gas pipelines— were down 11.4 percent through the first 11 months of 2015 and the industry announced more than 12,000 layoffs during the past year, according to the American Steel and Iron In-stitute; Whereas believing that oil companies will pay the fee with no effect on consumer prices requires also believing that the producers won’t pass their increased cost on to refin-ers, who won’t in turn pass their costs on to the public; in other words, requires sus-pending belief in basic economics; Whereas this tax could also put American oil companies, at a competitive disadvantage with foreign oil companies, as imported oil may not face the same treatment; Whereas the domestic midstream and downstream stages of oil and gas production will be at a competitive disadvantage to their global competitors due to a $10 higher cost for every barrel of oil; Whereas in combination with a stronger dollar, slowing growth in international mar-kets, and an overaccumulation of inventories through much of the economy, the oil slump is creating headwinds for manufacturers, freight firms, and the wider economy; and Whereas the oil and natural gas industry anchors our economy in terms of jobs, eco-nomic activity, and even State and local tax revenue in a challenging price environment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress finds that— (1) any new tax placed on the struggling oil and gas industry will further prevent growth and development throughout the sector and encourage additional layoffs; and (2) the effect of a $10 tax on each barrel of oil sold in the United States— (A) would raise the price of oil, and by ex-tension gasoline; and (B) would result in a decrease in the con-sumption of oil. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) a new tax should not be placed on oil, and (2) in considering future policy, Congress should carefully review the detrimental im-pacts of placing any new taxes on any indus-try that has seen a slash in jobs, revenue, and production. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The con-current resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H. Con. Res. 112, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, the Obama administration, in its budget proposal, proposed a $10.25 tax on each barrel of oil. This will severely harm America’s already struggling energy industry, but it will have a very detri-mental impact throughout the Amer-ican economy, and that is why I intro-duced H. Con. Res. 112, sending a very clear message that Congress and the American people refuse to allow this administration to fund an environ-mental agenda on the backs of working families. It is pretty simple. At $10.25 per bar-rel of oil, this increase would not only add significantly to the cost of a gallon of gasoline at the pump, certainly dis-proportionately hurting fixed-income families, seniors, and so forth, it would also have a detrimental impact on job creation, on wages, and on the Nation’s overall economic health. This also would effectively act as an export tax on oil, just as we opened up the door to export crude oil to allow American producers to have market ac-cess worldwide, just like our Iranian opponents worldwide currently have the luxury to do. Why would we tie up the hands of American energy producers and allow the Iranians and OPEC to dominate world markets? Wrong. Secondly, at a time when, in Lou-isiana and Texas and other States on the coast, we understand how impor-tant our environment, our economy and energy policies are, we are looking to use revenue sharing to help us re-build coastline and marsh and replen-ish our beaches, the administration op-poses this. They have listed that in their budget proposal. This tax is a tax on hardworking American families. It is a tax on Amer-ican competitiveness; it is a tax on American innovation; it is a tax on our energy security; and it is a tax on the very foundation of our national secu-rity. Now, the oil and gas industry has watched as market conditions have changed because of slow growth glob-ally—low demand and abundant supply thanks to American innovation, large-ly. We have seen the oil price drop from $115 a barrel in November of 2014 to as low as $27 a barrel in January 2016. Right now, prices are hovering around $48, $49, $50 a barrel. This industry is struggling. This is the industry that took us out of recession with job cre-ation and economic growth. Now, I know in my home State of Louisiana, just last year, we lost 11,700 jobs alone in Louisiana in the oil and gas sector, 5,500 in my hometown of La-fayette alone. Even worse, globally, over 250,000 people have lost their jobs. Of course, if you look at what hap-pened in the first quarter of this year, the revised statistics on economic growth, 0.8 percent. How is American business going to create value and jobs with that kind of growth, that kind of private sector growth? Not only that, just last week, the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics release showed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.018 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3678 June 10, 2016 
38,000 jobs created last month, the worst number since 2010. That is a ter-rible statistic, with real human dimen-sions. This tax will make it worse if it were to go forward. In fact, the Tax Founda-tion created an economic model to show the impact of a $10.25-per-barrel tax over 10 years; and what this would do, if implemented, an estimated 137,000 Americans in full-time employ-ment in this sector would lose their jobs. It is important to remember that oil is used for a lot more than just gaso-line in our automobiles. The U.S. En-ergy Information Administration points out that a quarter of a barrel of crude—a quarter of each barrel of crude oil—is used for nonfuel goods such as plastic, asphalt, dyes, lubricants, power plants, home heating, and other nontransportation uses. In fact, prod-ucts throughout the American econ-omy have, as their base ingredient, these fossil fuel ingredients. This tax, $10.25, will be passed on to those indus-tries and consumers across this coun-try. The oil and gas industry supports more than 9 million American jobs, and what happens through this industry and within this industry reverberates throughout our entire U.S. economy. But it is also important to look at what this proposal would do as we view it through a national security lens. American innovation, the energy ren-aissance we saw with shale exploration and hydraulic fracturing, horizontal drilling, as well as new deepwater tech-nology and better assessments of our reserves, has given us this tremendous opportunity to change global energy security away from an OPEC- or Rus-sian-driven model, where state-owned enterprises control pricing and control supply, to an American view of energy security, which our allies desperately want. It is a view of energy security with diversity of supply sources, trans-parent pricing, open markets, a view of energy security globally, uniquely American, that would help economic growth globally and help so many countries that are struggling today, many currently in recession. But energy security is linked to our national security, and we have an op-portunity to create a Western Hemi-sphere energy trading bloc based on these principles rather than an OPEC or a Russian model. This is an oppor-tunity for America to change not only energy security, but the entire na-tional security environment in a more pro-American way. This tax would really be a stab in the heart of that. It is the wrong thing to do. And, of course, this tax would in-crease the cost of domestic production, translating into higher prices for oil and all petroleum products, potentially eroding America’s price competitive-ness in the global marketplace. If the purpose of this proposal was to increase revenue, then I would say that the President should be, instead, pur-suing sound energy policies consisting of embracing this energy sector, Amer-ican energy production, one of the clearest examples of American exceptionalism, not an unfettered dras-tic tax increase. If you want to build roads, we need economic growth and sensible tax poli-cies that will help us build out our transportation. According to a report released by the American Petroleum Institute, our en-ergy producers could create 1 million new jobs in just 7 years and increase revenue to Federal and State govern-ments by $800 billion by 2030 if we allow this energy sector to do its work re-sponsibly. It is time for our Nation to fully em-brace the vast opportunities unleashed by this U.S. energy renaissance. Let’s embrace this new era of abundance. Let’s embrace this new era of energy diplomacy that puts America in a strong position. It is time for the President to stop his relentless tax and regulatory as-sault on the oil and gas industry that is only worsening our economic prob-lems. This resolution shows very clear-ly that Congress stands for job creation over a radical political agenda, and I urge my colleagues to support this res-olution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans don’t like the President’s budget proposal. They have never been able to bring their own to the floor—never. They talk about economic growth and jobs. This administration has a proud record of creating jobs. They haven’t done all we want, but they are successful in important respects. This administration has had an en-ergy policy that has really been work-ing well, as can be seen by what has happened. There remain problems with it, and we will have some debate about where we go in the future. The problem is that the Republicans start from a premise that is grievously wrong. They are in denial of climate change, and everything they do relat-ing to energy stems from that. They are out of step with the American peo-ple. A recent Gallup Poll showed this: 64 percent of Americans are worried a great deal or a fair amount about glob-al warming. Fifty-nine percent of Americans say the effects of global warming have already begun. Only 10 percent of Americans say the effects of global warming will never happen— only 10 percent. Sixty-five percent of Americans, according to this Gallup Poll of recent times, say our planet’s temperature increases over the last 100 years are primarily caused by human activities rather than natural causes. b1030 But what do we hear from the now- leading Republican? Well, going back a few years, this is what he had to say: ‘‘The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. man-ufacturing noncompetitive.’’ That was 4 years ago, more or less. Now the same person, who is now leading the Republican Party, says this: ‘‘I am not a great believer in man-made climate change.’’ ‘‘If you look, they had global cooling in the 1920s, and now they have global warming, al-though now they don’t know if they have global warming.’’ So we have today, from the Repub-lican majority, our two sense of Con-gress resolutions. What is really needed instead is for the Republican Party to come to their senses on climate change, like the vast majority of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), one of our many Members— but this person in particular—who has devoted so much of his deep intel-ligence and his energy to this issue, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman be allowed to control the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan. There was no objection. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), a very important member of the House Ways and Means Committee and someone who has extensive private sector experience. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank my colleague, Dr. B
OUSTANY . Mr. Speaker, again, before we came on to the floor, we were in the Cloak-room talking about what the debate was going to be. And I thought the de-bate was going to be about what was actually happening today, and not a scientific debate, not a debate about what people believe or what they don’t believe, but on the reality that the President proposed a $10 tax on a barrel of oil. That comes out to 25 cents per gallon at the pump. Now, what do I mean by that? What I am talking about is, when hard-working American taxpayers go to fill up their car or their truck, it is going to cost them 25 cents more per gallon. It also translates into everything that they put on their backs, that they put in their mouths. Every aspect of life is going to be increased. Now, keep in mind that, while there may be some kind of science that we want to turn this debate into, here are the facts: middle-income Americans and lower-income Americans have seen a drop in their wages—a significant drop in their wages. Last month, we saw that we have created one job for every 8,000 Americans. So we talk about today how we need to talk about climate change. No. Here is what we need to talk about: we need to talk about real change in the mar-ketplace. We need to talk about how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.019 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3679 June 10, 2016 
we are hurting the American economy. We need to talk about how we are eliminating the ability of America to compete in a global economy—an econ-omy that I just don’t want to partici-pate in but I think America should dominate. America is so blessed with so many assets. And while we worry about all the energy above, let’s not forget all the energy below. Let’s not forget what America’s strongest card is to play, and that is energy self-sustainability. We are able to do that. Why in the world would anybody think that by adding $10 on a barrel of oil, somehow that is going to help the climate worldwide, when we know that we are the only ones proposing this? Other people around the world are looking and saying: I can’t agree more with the President’s ideas because we compete against the United States, and I would love to be on the shelf with a product that costs more than the one we are putting on the shelf. So America is hurting America. America’s policies are hurting every-day Americans. And if we truly want to make America great again, let’s make America great again for every single American. That is not a political aspi-ration; that is a responsibility in America’s House, and that is the House of Representatives. Our sense that somehow this would be positive is absolutely wrongheaded and wrong thinking. It just doesn’t work that way. Why would we sit here and debate this today? Because we know it is going to hurt every single hard-work-ing American taxpayer. It is going to add to our cost of living. It is going to increase the cost of everything we con-sume. We are going to do it with the idea that somehow, the rest of the world will follow suit, and we know that they won’t. What they will do is look at us and say: You know what? Let’s take advan-tage of America’s wrong-headedness. Let’s make sure that we are able to buy up more of the market, the global market, because America continues to hurt itself and hurt its everyday citi-zens. My goodness. This is America’s House of Representatives. We do not come here representing ourselves—we come here representing 705,687 Ameri-cans who live back in our districts. We do not come here just representing Re-publican policy and Republican agenda. We do not just come here representing Democrat policy and Democrat agenda. We come here representing America. And if we cannot get it through our heads that, at the end of the day, the policy that comes out of this town—a town that is a awash in prosperity, good jobs, great restaurants. I have never seen a town with more cranes in it. I am talking about indus-trial cranes. I would love some of my colleagues to walk back home with me and go into the cities, the towns, and the little villages that I represent. And you tell those people: things are really getting good; we are on the right stage; we are on the right trajectory; that we are going to become good again. But the question is: When? I would just suggest that—and I said this earlier—you cannot continue to put the burden of these policies—well- intended, though they may be—on the backs of hardworking American tax-payers, men and women who get up every day with one resolve and one re-solve only, and that is to take care of their families, to build a better com-munity, and to build a better life. Why in the world do we have to waste time debating something today that could be debated elsewhere? But we come here today with a resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the President’s ideas in his budget are ab-solutely wrong for every single Amer-ican. We can debate these things later. But we have to come to agreement at some point here, that we just don’t represent our parties—we represent people. That is far more important than any party that we represent. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman. Look, I have only been here 5 years. But I come out of the private sector. I never, ever thought I would be serving in Congress because I never, ever thought I would have to. I thought peo-ple would come here representing me and my family; my community, my State, and my Nation; and that they would do the right thing. And I don’t say that they don’t think they are doing the right thing. But at the end of the day, the final results don’t look very good. In a Nation that is quickly approach-ing $20 trillion in debt and burdening every single American taxpayer with more and more cost of being here while not increasing their opportunity, I think we need to take a hard look, take a look in the mirror and under-stand that it all changes, it all starts with each of us. We can change this. We can make it better. But we can’t make it better by putting a heavy bur-den on our taxpayers. It just doesn’t make sense. As I said earlier, America can domi-nate a global economy. Just partici-pating isn’t enough. I would just sug-gest that that is all possible in a land that has been so graced by gifts from God that make it possible for us to do that. The only thing that can keep it from happening are policies coming out of Washington, D.C. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I always enjoy sharing the debate with my good friend from Butler, Penn-sylvania, who cares passionately about this country. He has some, I think, great ideas. We often find areas that we can agree. I think even the issue that we are debating today could be an area where we could find agreement, be-cause what the President is proposing is not to levy a fee and have the money burned up. The President is proposing a fee to fix America’s damaged infra-structure. I know my friend from Butler cares passionately about the people who he represents. They are paying a tax today for poor infrastructure. The av-erage American pays three times with annual damage to their cars than what this fee would be, if it were translated directly to a gas tax increase. I note that his State of Pennsylvania actually has imposed an oil franchise fee which is the equivalent of about an-other 9.5 cent increase. Pennsylvania did that because their infrastructure is damaged. Well, that is what we should have as part of this discussion today. Again, we have a cartoon proposal that assumes that there is just a barrel fee that is just a burden on the American public and not look at what the fee is for, what benefits would accrue if, again, we had actually had the Ways and Means Committee meet and discuss the legislation that was referred to us. We didn’t have a hearing on this. One of the things I have pleaded with Ways and Means leadership for as long as I have been on the committee: Let’s sit down and actually have meaningful discussions with the men and women who manage, design, build, and operate America’s infrastructure. If we would have had that debate in this Congress, we could have had arrayed before us the president of the AFL–CIO, the president of the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the president—actually, we did have the president of the American Trucking Association, the one witness the Democrats were allowed, who said: Raise the tax on my people, along with everybody else, to rebuild and renew America. But we never had a robust, broad de-bate before our committee. If we did, we would have had the broadest coali-tion of any major issue that we consid-ered: the people who design roads, the people who come forward with the as-phalt, and the people who are the deliv-ery services. We are paying a tremendous price today because America is falling apart and falling behind. You don’t have to go very far to ask people in Louisiana; Portland, Oregon; or Houston, Texas, if we have got a problem. This is an in-vestment that more than pays for itself. Again, this isn’t money down some rat hole. This is money that would be invested to rebuild and renew America. If we would have had a real hearing on this proposal—which we didn’t—we could have had the people from Stand-ard & Poor’s research come in and re-view their report. Every $1.2 billion we spend on infrastructure creates $2 bil-lion of economic activity. These are the people who would have family-wage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.020 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3680 June 10, 2016 
jobs from coast to coast who would help revitalize local economies, while we make our infrastructure safer and more effective. And it isn’t just economic activity. That Standard & Poor’s report would have revealed that that $1.2 billion in infrastructure would have reduced the deficit by $200 million, but we didn’t have that debate. So we have people coming up here on the floor somehow claiming that the President’s respon-sible proposal to fund infrastructure would be an economic disaster, ignor-ing the fact that we have an infrastruc-ture crisis in this country right now. The American Society of Civil Engi-neers points out that our failure to deal with this is a tax of over $3,000 per family. If we would be honest, have inde-pendent experts, if the committee would do its job, we wouldn’t be having bizarre debates like this that suggest that the President’s proposal would hurt the economy or would be costly. To the contrary, it would strengthen the economy, put millions of people to work at family-wage jobs, and improve the conditions of families from coast to coast. We are going to have, I hope, more heard about this in the future. But I hope that we don’t have proposals that are rushed to the floor without thoughtful committee action and mak-ing strange assertions that simply are not supported by facts. b1045 If we impose the fee that the Presi-dent is talking about to rebuild and renew America, it will create more eco-nomic activity, it will put people to work, and it will give Americans the infrastructure they deserve and en-hance our economic security at home and abroad. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute to respond to some-thing before I yield to my colleague. Let me just say that I appreciate the gentleman’s passion for transportation infrastructure. I share it. We have had many conversations. But he well knows that the ideal way to solve this is with a specific user fee for that purpose. This particular tax, $10.25 on a barrel of oil, has such a huge detrimental eco-nomic impact across all sectors of our economy. That is not the way to go. That is why I don’t think this is some-thing we should entertain as the Presi-dent has proposed. I think we need thoughtful discussion about this, and that will come in due time. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), a member of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee and someone I have great respect for. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding, and I appreciate him bringing this up. Mr. Speaker, I really regret the fact that this has devolved into a big par-tisan debate or a big partisan discus-sion. Everyone in this Chamber supports the concept of infrastructure invest-ment. That is not what this is about. That is not what this is about. All of us support infrastructure investment, and all of us agree that we have under-funded infrastructure, that we need more investment in infrastructure. In my home State, in Baton Rouge, in the capital region, we have the worst traffic in the Nation for a midsize city. Our people sit in traffic an average of 47 hours above the na-tional average at home. It is ridicu-lous. Here is what is going on right now. Here is what is going on. The gas tax was set up to be a user fee. It was set up to be a user fee that the more you drove, the more you used the roads, the more you paid for it. That is the way that this is supposed to work. What has happened is that the Presi-dent has come out and offered a pro-posal that disconnects the user fee. We support a user fee model. We support lock-boxing the dollars and making sure that they are dedicated to infra-structure as opposed to what has hap-pened, for example, another issue that the sponsor of this legislation has worked on—the harbor maintenance trust fund—where billions of dollars have been charged on the auspices of one thing and diverted to something else. We support infrastructure invest-ment. Now, what is going on right now is we are seeing this continuation of poli-cies out of this administration that is contrary to American interests, and I want to explain that. You see, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Oregon State probably—and I haven’t verified this—but probably de-pended upon the State of Louisiana, one of the top producers of oil and gas in this country, to power their cars, to power their vehicles, and to power their airplanes that they fly back and forth from Washington, D.C., to the West Coast. We provide that. But at home, in our State of Louisiana, we have lost one-third of our oil and gas jobs. We are killing this industry be-cause of overregulation. Something that just shocks me is, last year, we listened to the Secretary of State, John Kerry, stand up and say: We need to allow Iran to export their oil so their economy can recover. Our Secretary of State said that. Yet, at the same time, at home, in Louisiana, we were prohibited from exporting our oil. Why in the world would we treat Iran better than Louisiana, better than Texas, better than Oklahoma, and all of these energy-producing States across the United States? So do you know what we did? After opposition from the White House, we fi-nally lifted the 40-year-old oil export ban. So what happens? Within a month and a half, we get a proposal from the President to put a $10.25-a-barrel tax on American oil. What does that do? If we try and take our oil out to global markets, we are immediately met with a premium of 30 to 40 percent over global prices. It fur-ther kills our industry. It further kills our domestic production that we have lost one-third of the jobs on. And I know everybody wants to see us fly solar airplanes. It is not happening right now. We need to continue to rely on these fuels moving forward. This should not be a partisan debate. We support infrastructure investment. It needs to continue to be a user fee. We should not divorce it from a user fee, and we should not do it in a way that is going to kill our energy indus-try in the United States to further in-crease our reliance upon foreign energy sources. It is a flawed policy. This is con-sistent with what we saw last year when the President of the United States was standing up and saying, ‘‘Give us free trade authority. We need the ability to engage in free trade be-cause we can outcompete other coun-tries,’’ and, at the exact same time, standing up and overregulating our economy to where we send American workers out there in the workforce try-ing to compete with these other coun-tries with our arms tied behind our back. These policies aren’t consistent, and they are not in the interest of the United States. I agree with the gentleman from Or-egon; we need to work together. We need to work together in a bipartisan manner to come up with a new user fee concept to get us additional dollars for infrastructure. This was a unilateral proposal. This was not subject to hearings, and it is not appropriate. It is contrary to our economy; it is contrary to American interests; and it is going to increase our trade deficit. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge that we support this legislation and that we move forward in a bipartisan manner to fix the user fee concept to increase the investment in infrastructure to where we can improve our roadways. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend from Louisiana and his assessment. Actually, I agree with him. We should have a different mechanism. I have had proposals to have different approaches to funding infrastructure. Some of them have been embedded in the more recent transportation reau-thorization, but this is something that we never took up in our Ways and Means Committee. I have had legisla-tion there for several Congresses. It is time for people to stop saying that they support infrastructure and then not work with us to figure out ways to fund it going forward. Mr. Speaker, there is nobody in Con-gress in my tenure who has done more to think about what we do for Amer-ica’s infrastructure. He has had many innovative proposals to fund infra-structure. He has been a tireless cham-pion of it. He is the ranking Democrat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.021 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3681 June 10, 2016 
on the House Transportation and Infra-structure Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Those watching or listening might be a little confused what this is about. It is about a meaningless piece of paper. It is called House Concurrent Resolu-tion 112. It is expressing the sense of Congress that something that the President proposed is bad and they don’t like it. Well, he proposed it and they are not going to take it up. Why are we wast-ing time debating something that they are not going to put on the schedule and isn’t a reality? I don’t know. Be-cause they are trying to fill up time? It is not clear to me. What they are doing is continuing to avoid the discussion of how we are going to pay for America’s infrastruc-ture. Dwight David Eisenhower said, Let’s have a user fee, a gas tax. The last time we increased the gas tax fed-erally was 1993—18.4 cents a gallon. That figured out to be about 15 percent of every gallon you bought. I paid $2.50 a gallon in Oregon last weekend. The Federal tax is still 18.4 cents. That is about 7 percent per gallon, and those dollars are worth less. We are talking about what it is going to do to jobs if we have some sort of tax on oil that we use to pay for infra-structure. Let’s talk about the other side where we can create one heck of a lot of jobs. Every penny for a gas tax, every penny, raises about $1.7 billion for the Federal trust fund. $1.7 billion, under the most conservative estimates, most conservative, is more than 25,000 jobs. So one penny, 25,000 jobs. But, no, we can’t go there. I proposed we index the existing gas tax to inflation. No, we can’t do that. All right. Didn’t want to do that. I proposed that we tax the fraction of a barrel of oil that goes into taxable transportation uses, not manufac-turing, not agriculture, not any of this other stuff that they are talking about. I put that proposal forward 7 years ago. I put it forward to my colleagues and to the White House. Now, the White House has burped out something dif-ferent here—this more indiscriminate tax—which would go to other uses. The point is that there are thought-ful ways to approach this and pay for what we need. America is falling apart. 140,000 bridges nationwide—including the highest proportion in the State of Pennsylvania, by the way, which we heard from earlier—are in need of re-placement or significant repair. Trucks are detouring around them. People are being detoured around them. There are potholed roads. Forty per-cent of the national highway system needs not just to be resurfaced, it needs to be dug up it has failed so badly. Peo-ple are breaking their rims, blowing out tires, and damaging their cars. It is costing Americans a lot. People are locked in congestion because we are not dealing with the growth in traffic. And, oh, let’s just look out just a lit-tle way outside the capital here to the worst example. We are killing people, killing people, on our transit systems unnecessarily because Congress has failed to partner with the cities of America and the rural areas who have transit. We have an $84 billion backlog to bring transit up to a state of good repair, not new transit options to get people out of their cars and help them deal with congestion to get around. $84 billion just so we are not killing peo-ple. And we are talking about, oh, we can’t be competitive. Yeah, we are not competitive in the world economy. I go around talking about how we are now degraded. We used to have an infra-structure that was the envy of the world. And I talked about how we are be-coming Third World. My colleague from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) criti-cized me very, very adamantly about that one day. I said, What do you mean, E
ARL, you know how bad it is? He said, No, no, that is insulting to Third World countries. They are in-vesting a larger percentage of their gross domestic product in infrastruc-ture than we are here in the United States of America. And that is true. So now I have taken to calling us Fourth World. We used to be the world’s leader in infrastructure, and now we are vault-ing over everybody, including places like Zimbabwe, to the back of the pack. Give me a break. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BLUMENAUER. I yield an addi-tional 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. D
EFAZIO. And where is the dis-cussion? It is no, no, no. No, can’t have a barrel tax. No, can’t increase the gas tax. No, can’t index the gas tax. Oh, but we want to talk about a user fee. What user fee? Why are we wasting time on this? You are not going to bring it up. You are in charge. You set the agenda. Why are we passing a bill to say we are not going to take some-thing up? I would be kind of embarrassed if I was in the majority and that is what I was wasting time on while people are trapped in traffic, while people are dying, because we can’t maintain our transit systems. People are blowing out tires because we can’t repair the roads. And, oh, we are all for infrastructure until it comes to paying for it. We passed a 5-year bill. We paid for it with phony money. We pretended that when we have private tax collection, that it will make money—private tax collec-tion. Republicans have passed that twice before. It kind of pissed off the American people. And guess what, it lost money each time, and then we put it back in the IRS. But, no, this time it is going to make money and we are going to use it and pay for infrastructure. Give me a break. And the Federal Reserve makes that money and puts it in a reserve ac-count with a computer. Let’s take that money and spend it. Basically, you are just averting the real problem here, which is we need to have a serious discussion about how we are going to pay to build America’s in-frastructure and become a world leader again and be the envy of the world again. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members of the House to refrain from vulgarity in de-bate. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ), my friend and colleague from across the Potomac River, who cares a great deal about en-vironmental policy and infrastructure. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this resolution and add my strong opposition to the resolution before, also. As I read the text of H. Con. Res. 89, whereas by whereas, I found myself in disagreement with virtually every al-leged predictive statement. This reso-lution is framed as long-term economic wisdom, yet exemplifies short-term thinking and economic folly. A carbon tax should, in fact, increase the cost of fossil fuels, but will also ac-celerate the rapidly falling cost of all other fuels: solar, wind, geothermal, hydro, and perhaps even nuclear. A carbon tax absolutely must not fall hardest on the poor, the elderly, and those with fixed incomes. The best of the carbon tax plans, Representative V
ANHOLLEN ’s carbon cap and economic dividend, returns every dollar gathered by a carbon cap to every U.S. citizen with a Social Security number. This carbon cap is actually progres-sive, with a net increase in the dispos-able income for most Americans, and certainly our neediest citizens. This will be a net job creator. b1100 The resolution suggests that jobs and businesses will move overseas and that a carbon tax will restrain economic growth. British Columbia instituted a carbon tax in July 2008, and over the following 5-year period, its GDP growth actually outpaced the rest of non-carbon-priced Canada. In one ‘‘whereas,’’ it states that U.S. energy policy should encourage private sector innovation and development, but nothing would stimulate and sus-tain such innovation as powerfully as would appropriate carbon pricing. Every manufacturer, perhaps every family, would continue to search out the best ways to minimize the costs of production and to maximize family welfare. We are resilient, creative, and adaptive. For a long time, conservative and lib-eral economists have agreed that a car-bon tax is the most efficient and effec-tive way to deal with climate change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.026 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3682 June 10, 2016 
Let me quote from a recent letter from four conservative and libertarian lead-ers to Members of Congress: 
The least burdensome, most straight-forward, and most market friendly means of addressing climate change is to price the risks imposed by greenhouse gas emissions via a tax. This would harness price signals, rather than regulations, to guide a market response. That is why carbon pricing has the support of free market economists, a major-ity of the global business community, and a large number of the largest multinational private oil and gas companies in the world. 
One of the policy issues that most di-vides our Congress is the debate on the appropriate level of governmental reg-ulation. But to quote again from the same letter: 
An economy-wide carbon tax that replaces existing regulatory interventions could re-duce the cost of climate policy and deregu-late the economy. 
Jerry Taylor of the Niskanen Center wrote a paper called ‘‘The Conservative Case for a Carbon Tax.’’ He argues that, if conservative denial of climate science is grounded in ideological aver-sion to command-and-control regula-tion, as proposed in the EPA’s proposed Clean Power Plan, conservatives should embrace and promote a revenue- neutral carbon tax as a more efficient, less burdensome, free market alter-native. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose both resolutions as they are un-wise, unnecessary, and of backward thinking. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, as I have no further requests for time, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. In closing, I appreciate the oppor-tunity for us to visit on this proposal today. I don’t agree with the resolution by any stretch of the imagination, but at least it is an opportunity for us to have a little bit of the conversation that we should have been having all along. I enjoy debating with my good friend from Louisiana. I respect his intellect and his humor, and it is fun to do a lit-tle bit of this today. It would have been far better if we would have been able to do so in the context of a full committee hearing where we would have been able to dig deeply into these issues. For ex-ample, we could have had the Trans-portation Construction Coalition. I include in the R
ECORD a letter on this resolution, a letter which is dated June 9 of this year. 
JUNE9, 2016. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : The House is sched-uled to consider later this week a resolution opposing President Obama’s proposal for a $10.25 per barrel of oil tax. While H. Con. Res. 112 makes many statements regarding an oil barrel tax, the resolution fails to mention the intent of the President’s proposal is to generate resources to stabilize and grow fed-eral surface transportation investment. The resolution also does not remind members that recurring Highway Trust Fund revenue shortfalls caused repeated disruptions to their state’s transportation program over the past eight years. Since 2008, Congress has approved seven pieces of legislation transferring a total $143 billion in borrowed or General Fund revenue into the Highway Trust Fund to prevent cuts in federal highway and transit investment. Over that same period, the trust fund’s per-manent revenue deficit has led to 14 tem-porary extensions of the surface transpor-tation programs and one short-term reau-thorization bill. Furthermore, upon the expi-ration of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act at the end of FY 2020, the Congressional Budget Office projects the trust fund’s average annual shortfall will grow to $18 billion. While the sincerity of the Obama Adminis-tration’s proposal for a Highway Trust Fund solution is dubious given its release three months after the President signed the FAST Act into law, a per barrel oil tax of that magnitude would be a real and permanent solution. And its nexus to highway users as a revenue mechanism is far more honest than the budget gimmicks, deficit spending and burdens placed on non-transportation sectors of the economy that the Congress has deployed since 2008 to keep investment in the surface transportation programs essentially static. We certainly respect the right of members of Congress to disagree with the President’s proposal, but it is incumbent upon anyone who does so to bring forward an alternative way to achieve the same objective. We strongly believe all potential revenue op-tions should be on the table. Preliminarily disparaging one significant solution just makes it more difficult to resolve a problem that has plagued Congress for nearly a dec-ade. Rather than making rhetorical statements about taxes five months before an election, Congress should be working in a bipartisan manner to ensure that a permanent mecha-nism to preserve and grow federal highway and public transportation investment is in place well before the U.S. Department of Transportation starts warning states of the next highway program shutdown. Sincerely, THETRANSPORTATION  C
ONSTRUCTION COALITION . 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, they point out that the resolution fails to mention that the intent of the President’s proposal is to generate re-sources to stabilize and grow Federal surface transportation investment. The resolution does not remind Members that the recurring Highway Trust Fund revenue shortfalls caused repeated dis-ruptions to their States’ transpor-tation programs over the past eight years. We have had to have 14 temporary ex-tensions of the Surface Transportation Act, and the only way we got the FAST Act passed, as my friend Congressman D
EFAZIO pointed out, was with a series of budget gimmicks, not real solutions. At the end of 2020, when that legisla-tion expires, we are going to face a $20 billion annual deficit. The per barrel oil tax of this mag-nitude, according to the Transpor-tation Construction Coalition, would be a real and a permanent solution. We wouldn’t be chasing our tails all the time. And its nexus to highway users as a revenue mechanism is far more honest than the budget gimmicks, def-icit spending, and burdens placed on non-transportation sectors of the econ-omy that Congress has deployed since 2008 to keep investment, essentially, static. They state that they believe all po-tential revenue options should be on the table, that it is incumbent upon anybody who wants to disagree with the President to bring forward an al-ternative way to meet the same objec-tive, which, sadly, has not happened. We haven’t even been able to discuss it in the Ways and Means Committee. They write: Preliminarily disparaging one significant solution just makes it more difficult to re-solve a problem that has plagued Congress for more than a decade. Rather than making rhetorical statements about taxes 5 months before an election, Congress should be working in a bipartisan manner to ensure that a permanent mecha-nism to preserve and grow Federal highway and public transportation investment is in place well before the Department of Trans-portation starts warning States about the next program shutdown. 
I seldom read statements from other groups on the floor, but I couldn’t have said it better myself. That is what we should be doing rath-er than this exercise today, which com-pletely misses the point. This oil barrel fee may not be perfect, but it would go a long way toward solving the problem. It will put millions of Americans to work at family-wage jobs. It will create more economic activity than the cost of the program. For every $1.2 billion that it generates, it will generate $2 billion of economic activity, and it will reduce the deficit $200 million. If we had actually had the committee do a deep dive and spend a week in working on it, this would have been on the table, and I think we would have found wide areas of agreement. Rather than engaging in this exercise regarding H. Con. Res. 112, I would like to think of what Ronald Reagan did in 1982. The economy was pretty rocky in 1982. There were some contentious poli-tics in Congress. Ronald Reagan, in his Thanksgiving Day speech on November 29, 1982, called on Congress to come back from their Thanksgiving recess and work together to more than double the Federal gas tax, because in one of the best speeches, frankly, I have ever heard anybody give, he pointed out the little cost to the American consumer would be more than offset by damage, for example, for a couple pair of shock absorbers. Congress reacted to President Rea-gan’s call for a gas tax increase on a bi-partisan basis. It more than doubled it. It added hundreds of thousands of jobs, and it improved the quality of life for Americans. It did so in keeping the bi-partisan tradition surrounding infra-structure. Rather than this partisan partial debate, we ought to go back to the basics, follow Ronald Reagan’s ex-ample, and have a spirited, comprehen-sive approach to solving the problem rather than tilting at straw men. I strongly urge the rejection of the resolution, but, more important, the rejection of this approach to continue to stick our heads in the sand and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.028 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3683 June 10, 2016 
avoid our responsibility to fund Amer-ican infrastructure and to rebuild and renew this great country. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I appreciate the gentleman’s passion and intellect, and we have had many conversations. We do agree that we have to fix our deplorable infrastruc-ture, and he and I have worked on some of these things together; but I have to say this: When I was in medical school—and I am a heart surgeon and I have had years of medical training— one of the things we learned a long time ago in medicine was to avoid iat-rogenic treatment, which is a fancy, Greek-derived word which means to avoid a treatment that makes the problem worse. That is what this $10.25 tax would do on a barrel of oil. I have often referred to that plaque above the Speaker’s desk. It is a quote from Daniel Webster. The very first line of that reads: ‘‘Let us develop the resources of our land.’’ I think it goes beyond simple concepts of highway transportation. It is all the resources of our land. We should be embracing the energy revolution that has been unleashed by American innovation, not taxing it into oblivion, not overregulating it into oblivion. This has offered tremen-dous hope not only for Americans, but for the world over, to offer a new view of energy security, taking us away from the Iranian approach or the OPEC approach or a Russian view by which they hoard resources and use this for their own political purposes. America can reshape it by embracing this en-ergy revolution, and we can grow the economy, create jobs, improve wages, and have the revenues to take care of our infrastructure. As the gentleman well knows, Ronald Reagan believed that a user fee was im-portant, a specific user fee. I think he and I would both agree that a specific user fee is important for infrastruc-ture. This is not a user fee. This is a detrimental tax on American competi-tiveness, on American jobs, on Amer-ican wages, on American energy secu-rity, and it hits at the very foundation of our national security. It is the wrong way to go. It is an iatrogenic so-lution, a harmful solution. It is not pro-growth. We are not proud of the economic performance we have seen in recent months: 0.8 percent economic growth in the first quarter, only 38,000 non-farm jobs created last month, ac-cording to the U.S. Bureau of Labor. That is deplorable. America must lead, and America can lead by embracing the energy revolu-tion. Let’s look at all of the impacts it will have across our entire economy, and then we can fashion specific solu-tions for transportation and infrastruc-ture and for the other things we need to do. This is why I stand here. That is why I oppose this tax. That is why I think this debate was important, and that is why I think it is very important to go on record as opposing this very detri-mental tax. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in opposition to H. Con. Res. 112, expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil. During my time in Congress, I have rep-resented all five major refineries and countless energy production firms in East Harris County. I know the importance of the domestically produced and refined oil to the U.S. economy. I also know the importance of a well-funded transportation system. Houston is growing rap-idly and our transportation system needs to expand with our population. I stand in opposition to today’s Sense of Congress because of this knowledge and ex-perience. But to clarify, we shouldn’t make things tougher on American companies and domesti-cally-produced crude. I do not support a $10 dollar tax on our nat-ural resources. I do not support a $10 dollar tax on wildcat-ters in West Texas, North Dakota or any other areas in the U.S. that supply crude to the Texas Gulf Coast. It is these companies that are responsible for the energy renaissance in the U.S. These entrepreneurs lowered our gas prices, reduced our foreign dependence and made the U.S. the largest producer of oil in the world. I do support a $10 dollar tax on imported oil from foreign sources. Imported oil from countries that may or may not be our friends does not benefit our na-tional security or domestic economy. We should sharpen our competitive edge and expand our 21st century transportation system by taxing imported oil. I stand with our domestic companies, we should continue to produce and refine U.S. crude for the benefit of U.S. consumers and workers. But I stand in opposition of this overly ex-pansive Sense of Congress and I ask my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, putting a re-gressive tax on hardworking Americans is not the way to strengthen the economy, balance the budget, or create jobs. The President’s proposed $10.25 per barrel tax on crude oil is an administrative grab to in-crease spending and tax a targeted industry. Thousands of jobs have been lost in these uncertain times for the oil and gas industry and impacted communities. Now is not the time to make matters worse for an important economic engine and slow an already weak economic recovery. The Obama Administration knows this tax would be passed down to American families. The non-partisan Congressional Research Service reported that this tax could increase the price of a gallon of gasoline by 25 cents— which is a 10 percent hike on today’s prices. That would increase the cost of a wide range of goods for all consumers. The resolution before us takes a strong stand and makes perfectly clear that Congress will not allow the President’s harmful tax to go forward. It also pushes for a tough review of the ef-fects of ill-conceived tax proposals that target specific industries, as the President’s tax does. We must ensure that tax policy decisions are made in a reasoned way that protects working families—rather than harms them in a single-minded hunt for revenue. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting House Concurrent Reso-lution 112 and voting for its passage. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives will consider H. Con. Res. 112—Expressing the sense of Con-gress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil. This unserious, non-binding resolution is simply nothing more than a cynical Republican political messaging bill. Indeed, the resolution purposely fails to in-clude that the proposal was a serious attempt by the President to finance the critical infra-structure needs our country most certainly re-quires. The energy industry is critical to the global economy. Unfortunately, the manner in which the majority has decided to have this discussion leaves little room for thought or earnest debate. For these reasons, I will vote Present, and will encourage my colleagues to continue to work in earnest to find a long-term, sustainable solution to move forward with put-ting Americans to work in building out our transportation needs. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 767, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the concurrent resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the further consideration of H.R. 5325 and that I may include tab-ular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 771 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5325. Will the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) kindly take the chair. b1114 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.029 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3684 June 10, 2016 
House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Ms. F
OXX(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, June 9, 2016, the Chair had announced that it was in order to consider amend-ment No. 7, printed in House Report 114–611. b1115 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the United States House of Rep-resentatives Telephone Directory to the of-fice of any Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chairman, I rise today to offer a commonsense amend-ment that will prevent wasteful spend-ing in this bill and the unsolicited de-livery of printed copies of the House telephone directory to 435 House con-gressional offices. I hold here the United States House of Representatives Telephone Direc-tory for 2016. This book, printed by the Government Publishing Office, con-tains 378 pages of names, addresses, and the contact information for Members of Congress and their staffs. While the Clerk of the House does get a deal from the GPO on these printing costs, this directory is sold to the public online at a cost of $52 per book. GPO stated that 14,080 copies of this directory were sent this year to the House Postal Oper-ations for delivery. This year, all 435 House Member of-fices received this stack—this whole stack right here—unsolicited from the Office of the Clerk, 20 copies, total, for each office. Each year we get this directory and, to be frank, it is not needed. All the in-formation contained within these pages is readily available online, both pub-licly and through House Web sites. To make matters worse, often, the information contained is out of date by the time we receive these bound copies. For example, by the time I received my 20 copies of this directory, the informa-tion listed for my staff was no longer current. According to a CRS report from 2011, approximately 97 percent of all govern-ment documents originate in digital form and are distributed electronically but are not printed. This same CRS re-port estimated that it costs Congress about $134 per page for prepress costs for miscellaneous publications, of which this directory is one. Madam Chairman, I don’t think I need to remind anyone here that we are currently $19 trillion-plus in debt as a result of excessive and unneces-sary spending. I will be the first to admit that this amendment will not be saving millions of dollars this year alone, but in a time of such financial crisis, we should remain vigilant and save every penny we can. This book is unnecessary, and its un-solicited distribution en masse is ex-cessive. Why does each D.C. office get 20 unsolicited copies? My D.C. office only has eight employees, none of which utilize these wasteful direc-tories. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment that will save precious taxpayer money and pre-vent future unsolicited deliveries of this directory in every single House of-fice on the Hill. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Budget of the United States Gov-ernment; Analytical Perspectives, Budget of the United States Government; or the Ap-pendix, Budget of the United States Govern-ment, to the office of any Member of the House of Representatives (including a Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chairman, I rise today to offer another commonsense amendment that will prevent wasteful spending in this bill by preventing the delivery of this packet of nearly 2,000 pages containing the President’s budg-et request to 435 House congressional offices. In its 2017 budget justification, the Government Publishing Office states: ‘‘Since 2012, GPO has made the annual Budget of the U.S. Government avail-able as a mobile app. The FY 2016 Budget app, released in January of 2015, provided users with access to the text and images of the Budget, includ-ing the Budget Message of the Presi-dent, information on the President’s priorities, and budget overviews orga-nized by agency. This app provides links to GPO’s FDsys where summary tables and additional books of the Budget, including the Analytical Per-spectives, Appendix, and Historical Ta-bles, are available.’’ This package, which contains the President’s budget, analytical perspec-tives of the budget, and the appendix of the budget are all available on an app for your phone for free. Furthermore, all three are available in their entirety online at www.whitehouse.gov/omb/, where they are more easily searchable. While the Office of Management and Budget does get a great deal from GPO on printing costs, each individual copy sells online for $38, $56, and $79, respec-tively. These documents comprise 170 pages, 409 pages, and 1,413 pages, re-spectively. OMB orders one copy of the budget for all 435 Members of the House, and this publication is then printed by the Government Publishing Office and delivered by House Postal Operations. In a time when our Nation is facing a fiscal crisis and has a $19 trillion-plus debt as a result of excessive and unnec-essary spending, we should not be squandering more money printing nearly 2,000 pages of the President’s budget that most Members throw in the trash, recycle, or don’t even open. Furthermore, this massive document is not even a serious proposal and has been routinely rejected with strong bi-partisan support. The Senate defeated President Obama’s budget by a vote of 97–0 for fiscal year 2011, 99–0 in fiscal year 2012, and 98–1 last year. Again, I will be the first one to admit that this amendment will not save mil-lions of dollars this year alone, but, in a time of such fiscal crisis, we should remember the old adage that a penny saved is a penny earned. The printing and distribution of the President’s budget to 435 House offices is excessive. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment, and we will save precious taxpayer money and prevent future mass deliv-eries. Again, all these publications are online in their entirely, where they are more easily searchable, and they are also on a free mobile app. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their work on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–611. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.031 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3685 June 10, 2016 
Mr. GRAYSON. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— (1) within a three-year period preceding the offer, has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or per-forming a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; (2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in paragraph (1); or (3) within a three-year period preceding the offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GRAYSON. Madam Chair, this is an amendment that is identical to other amendments that have been in-serted by voice vote into every appro-priations bill considered under an open rule during the 113th and 114th Con-gresses. I extend my thanks to the Rules Committee for ruling this amendment in order. My amendment expands the list of parties with whom the Federal Govern-ment is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractors. I hope that this amendment remains noncontroversial, as it has been, and will again be passed unanimously by the House. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I support the gentle-man’s amendment. This is a commonsense amendment which would prohibit funding in this bill from being used to pay contractors engaged in fraud or tax evasion. As the gentleman said, similar amendments have been adopted on other appropria-tions bills. I urge Members to vote ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. GRAYSON. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. There is appropriated, for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of Technology Assessment as authorized by the Technology Assessment Act of 1972 (2 U.S.C. 471 et seq.) $2,500,000, to be derived from a reduction of $2,500,000 in the amount provided in this Act for the item for ‘‘Architect of the Capitol, Capital Construction and Operations’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of my amend-ment, which would restore funding to the Office of Technology Assessment, or OTA. The foundation for good policy is accurate and objective analysis; and for more than two decades, the OTA set that foundation by providing relevant, unbiased technical and scientific as-sessments for Members of Congress and staff. In 1995, the OTA was defunded, strip-ping Congress of a valuable resource to understand both emerging technologies as well as the nuances of the legislative process. In its absence, the need for OTA has only grown. Many of the issues OTA studied 20 years ago are even more pressing today: antibiotic- resistant bacteria, electronic surveil-lance in the digital age, and testing in America’s schools. These are the com-plex challenges our Nation will con-tinue to face, and Congress should have access to the thorough and insightful analysis OTA can provide. Investing in the OTA now will actu-ally save us money in the future. In the last year it operated, OTA’s budget was $23 million, but its studies on the Syn-thetics Fuels Corporation saved tax-payers tens of billions of dollars. Our amendment restores a modest $2.5 million to the OTA account for sal-aries and expenses to begin rebuilding the office. The cost is offset by a reduc-tion of the same amount to the AOC’s capital construction and operations ac-count, which is an administrative ac-count. So this will not take resources from specific construction projects. Madam Chair, a great surgeon does not operate without modern tools, a master chef does not cook without fresh ingredients, and Members of Con-gress should not make policy decisions without relevant and unbiased infor-mation. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment to restore funding to the Office of Technology Assessment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Madam Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from California. I know he has great intentions with this amendment. As we discuss the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill, we are really dis-cussing what is important to the House of Representatives, because that is what this bill reflects. I know that this office was created in 1972 and was eliminated years later, but in 1972, I was 2 years old. Tech-nology was very different. I see no need to re-create something that was start-ed dealing with technology when I was 2 years old, almost two decades prior to the first Web site. Currently, these tasks are being han-dled by GAO. They are being handled sufficiently. They are being handled with the $2.5 million already, and we have yet to receive any complaints. Now, if there is a more comprehen-sive need for technology assessment, I think that is a bigger discussion for cyber policy in general, and that is a conversation that should take place outside of the Legislative Branch Sub-committee’s jurisdiction. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I rise in support of the amendment to revive the Office of Technology Assessment. When I was chair of the sub-committee, we tried to restart it with-in the Government Accountability Of-fice. In fiscal years 2008 to 2010, I in-cluded $2.5 million in this bill with GAO to support that initiative. How-ever, the supporters of the amendment make an impassioned case that the Of-fice of Technology Assessment should be a part of Congress itself, rather than GAO, in order to provide objective analysis of complex, scientific, and technical issues which certainly, I think we can all agree, actually exist today. We are not trying to go back to 20th century technology. We have impor-tant issues that need to be reviewed, and we don’t always have the expertise in Congress necessary to be able to make sure we can get that cogent anal-ysis, particularly when we are still at funding levels back to 2010 in the Leg-islative Branch Appropriations bill. This is a bill in which we are tack-ling copyright modernization, specifi-cally dealing with technology chal-lenges, and an OTA would add to the rigor of our analysis on that topic and others. I urge support of the amendment. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Madam Chair, I will just point out that one of our focuses in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill is to be very re-sponsible with taxpayer dollars. During these lean times when we are $19 tril-lion in debt, we have really led the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.036 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3686 June 10, 2016 
charge when it comes to reducing spending from our operations, down 13.2 percent. We have eliminated some agencies and programs and even, in this bill, eliminate the Open World Center. b1130 I don’t see this as the time that we need to restart a new program that was eliminated 20 years ago. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, how much time is remaining on my side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. F
OSTER ), a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and a respected physicist. Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chair, thank you to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and to my colleagues, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) for help-ing to bring this amendment to the floor. This amendment would provide $2.5 million to resurrect the Office of Tech-nology Assessment to revive this cru-cial service of providing Congress with unbiased, nonpartisan reports on a wide range of issues in science and technology. This office is no less necessary today than when it first started in 1972. As technology continues to advance at an increasingly rapid pace and our par-tisan divide seems to grow deeper, Con-gress needs this now more than ever. I ask my colleagues to consider just one single one of the recommendations from the Office of Technology Assess-ment, that the United States rapidly adopt a standardized electronic med-ical record format. Had this been done, we would have been able to save hun-dreds of millions of dollars in medical costs over the last decades and hun-dreds of thousands of lives of Ameri-cans through prevention of preventable medical accidents. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment to restore this vital source of credible and non-partisan scientific expertise in Con-gress. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I reit-erate my support for the Office of Technology Assessment. Congress does not suffer from a lack of information, but it suffers from a lack of trusted in-formation to help make wise policy de-cisions. We need information that is not spun even by our own agencies, the FBI or other agencies. We need infor-mation that is not spun from par-ticular sectors. This agency, this Office of Technology Assessment, will be overseen by a bipartisan group of law-makers who will vet the experts that work for it. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Madam Chair, I will just again thank my col-league from California for his thought-ful and well-debated argument here for the need, as he sees it. I will again reit-erate that the GAO provides a valuable service which I believe can continue doing the job that is necessary. In these lean times, I would encour-age our colleagues to oppose this amendment not because of the gen-tleman from California, but just be-cause of the lean times and the concept in which it is just not the right time to adopt that. I will oppose the amend-ment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Federal Register to a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. RUSSELL. Madam Chair, the fis-cal year 2017 Legislative Branch Appro-priations Act contains several excel-lent provisions to cut down on unneces-sary printing of paper documents in the House of Representatives. Section 102 of the act, for example, prohibits printed copies of bills from being sent to Members of Congress unless they specifically request them. This amend-ment is very similar. It prohibits the Federal Register from being sent to Members unless they specifically re-quest it. It uses the exact same termi-nology as section 102. The Federal Register, while impor-tant because it contains rules, pro-posals, and various other publications released by Federal agencies, unfortu-nately every business day Members of Congress receive paper copies of this Register, while it is available online and queryable. Sadly, most of these hundreds of pages in length end up in the waste bin. The Federal Register, being available online, is a better way to go with this measure. The Government Printing Of-fice sends 617 copies of the Register every single day to House Members alone. This includes subscriptions for personal offices, committees, archival offices, and others. Each annual sub-scription costs the Government Print-ing Office $750 a year to produce in paper and ink alone. These costs are charged to Federal agencies that pub-lish in the Federal Register. Among all the Members of Congress and six nonvoting Members in the House, paying for an annual subscrip-tion for all of these costs and other es-timated delivery costs exceeds $400,000 annually. To put that into perspective, that could pay for the annual salaries of a dozen Special Forces sergeants who are defending our country abroad. None of the funds made available by this act may be used to deliver a print-ed copy of the Federal Register to a Member of the House of Representa-tives, including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to Congress, unless the Members request specifically a copy. This simple amendment will build on the reforms of the congressional print-ing of sections 102, 103, and 105, allow-ing Federal agencies to better use pre-cious taxpayer dollars. I encourage support for this amendment, Madam Chair, because, once again, we will never win the war on our national debt in some giant spending measure that will only divide us within our respec-tive parties and within the Chamber. Instead, we will win it by combating waste one agency at a time. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–611. Mr. PEARCE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 12, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $190,970)’’. Page 5, line 14, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $190,970)’’. Page 6, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $190,970)’’. Page 42, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $190,970)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 771, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.039 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3687 June 10, 2016 
Madam Chair, despite what has been said about this amendment, it is very simple. There are two bodies that are funded through the appropriations process in the U.S. Congress. One is the House Committee on Ethics. That is the one that we all know as Members of Congress. But there is another body called the Office of Congressional Eth-ics that works pretty well outside of this body. Now, my amendment is simply tak-ing this year’s increase away from that outside body. Again, no change to the ethical process inside the body, the one that we are all familiar with and feel accountable to. But we are deducting $191,000 from this outside group be-cause in this time of budget con-straints, when I look at my office and all the other offices, our spending has been reduced. Our budgets have been reduced by approximately $200,000 since 2008. Now, we have to deal with 750,000 to 900,000 constituents. I have five field of-fices. Generally we drive, as a staff, somewhere between 50,000 and 100,000 miles per year to deal with our con-stituents. Our budgets have gone down $200,000, with a small increase this year of $12,000. Then, on the other hand, I see a $191,000 increase on this outside group. I just feel like that is extraordinary and would suggest that the appropria-tions bill, H.R. 5325, be reduced in that amount in this budget area. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I claim the time in oppo-sition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, the Office of Congres-sional Ethics is crucial to ensuring ac-countability and transparency in this body. Any attempts to cut its budget would only serve to erode our constitu-ents’ trust and faith in Congress, which certainly has already suffered a signifi-cant amount of erosion. As many of my colleagues will recall, the House created the Office of Con-gressional Ethics nearly a decade ago to improve the integrity of the ethics process in the House. The House was recovering from the Mark Foley scan-dal, and it was clear that we needed to do something to rebuild the American people’s trust in their elected Rep-resentatives. That is why OCE’s core ‘‘mission is to assist the U.S. House in upholding high ethical standards with an eye toward increasing transparency and providing information to the pub-lic.’’ I acknowledge that there are pro-posals to improve the operations of the Office of Congressional Ethics, and we should certainly take a look at those, Madam Chair, but it is common sense that these improvements can’t be made by cutting funding for the office that we are actually seeking to improve. Moreover, the issue of congressional ethics is far too important to reduce to a 10-minute debate on the House floor. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Madam Chair, I find it odd that we received the words today on the House floor that we are going to increase transparency through the Of-fice of Congressional Ethics. That is exactly what they do not do. The Sixth Amendment of the Con-stitution gives the accused the right to be confronted with the witnesses against him. I will quote from a letter, a legal letter that was given to the OCE: 
This investigation has again revealed due process deficiencies within the OCE rules. While the Sixth Amendment of the United States provides for the fundamental right to confront one’s accusers, the OCE rules do not allow to confront the accused with the ac-cusers. 
Secondly, the Sixth Amendment gives us the right to a lawyer. I will again quote from P
AUL SOLIS, an em-ployee of the OCE, in an email to my chief of staff: 
I forgot to mention on our call that should you retain a lawyer for the office, that law-yer would most likely be prohibited under our rules from representing a subject of this review to the extent that subject is a current staff member. 
So the OCE, in their email to our of-fice, says you don’t have the right to legal counsel, even though the Sixth Amendment of the Constitution says that you do. The third thing that I see is that we should be able to find out the nature of the charges under the Sixth Amend-ment. Again, our experience and the experience of others who have con-fronted OCE realizes you do not know what the charges are, you are not going to get to get a lawyer, and you cannot know who is accusing you. This hardly meets the word ‘‘transparency’’ that my good friend alluded to. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, while I can appreciate the gentleman’s concerns, he has listed a number of substantive differences of opinion with the way the Office of Con-gressional Ethics handles their work. This appropriations bill is not the ap-propriate place to address those. The Office of Congressional Ethics was created through legislation. It is a substantive issue, and it is one that should be debated and discussed on an authorizing bill, not on the funding of the legislative branch. You don’t just cut the budget of an office with whose decisions you disagree. We can debate and discuss these concerns, but cutting $190,000 out of the OCE’s budget is not the way to address that. For those reasons and the fact that the public already has some pretty sig-nificant concerns with the way we do business here, this would send the wrong message. If we are going to have this discussion, we should do it in a forum that allows for more robust dis-cussion and debate over how to address those challenges long term. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1145 Mr. PEARCE. Madam Chair, I would remind my friend and colleague that this amendment only addresses the funding. I simply used my time in order to advertise for this agency and the way that they operate. I would like to quote from an email that I got this morning: I cried when I saw what your boss did last night on the Leg Branch. 
This is referring to my amendment. 
I was unfairly targeted by OCE in 2013, for an action in 2008, which had been approved by the Ethics Committee. OCE even admit-ted there was no evidence. I complied with every provision of the policy, without excep-tion. One of the staffers that was being in-vestigated in this same circumstance left the Hill early on. I considered doing the same thing. I certainly had to endure all the phases of the OCE process, including referral to the Ethics Committee. The Ethics Committee dismissed the case against us, but it is, by far, the worst thing that has ever happened to me in my 21 years on the Hill. I am a strong person with re-sources, and was an emotional wreck over the thought of losing my credibility over an ethics investigation. I cried virtually every day for several months. And the prolonged process over many, many months took a toll on my life. 
And we are asking to give this agen-cy another $191,000 to continue this kind of action? I think this debate is exactly called for at this moment on this bill and on this spending. Madam Chair, I urge Members to sup-port the amendment to give notice to the OCE that we are watching what they are doing. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida has 3 minutes remaining. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I have tremendous re-spect for the gentleman from New Mex-ico and his concerns for the operation of the Office of Congressional Ethics. However, all that we would be doing here, if his amendment were to pass, is to send a $190,000 message to the Office of Congressional Ethics. It would not achieve any of the gentleman’s goals. If we do need to take a look at the way the office functions, then there is a process for doing that. The only thing we achieve here by adopting this amendment is cutting their budget by $190,000. So, if the majority believes that it is important to take a look at the func-tion of this office, then there is a proc-ess for doing that and to take up legis-lation to change the way they do busi-ness. That is certainly appropriate. But we don’t accomplish any of the gentle-man’s goals by cutting $190,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.044 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3688 June 10, 2016 
In fact, the public has certainly al-ready sent multiple messages to the United States Congress that they don’t have a whole lot of confidence in the business that we are doing here. This would send the absolute wrong message back to them—that we don’t get it. So I urge Members to oppose the amendment because it would not achieve the gentleman’s goals and be-cause we have a more appropriate place to actually achieve those goals in the authorizing committee. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–611 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 6 by Mrs. B
LACKBURN  of Tennessee. Amendment No. 11 by Mr. T
AKANO of California. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. P
EARCE of New Mexico. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 157, noes 241, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 289] AYES—157 
Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Levin Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—36 
Adams Amodei Barletta Bass Black Brat Brooks (IN) Clyburn Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Franks (AZ) Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Larson (CT) Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Neal Payne Sires Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
b1208 Messrs. DIAZ-BALART, WITTMAN, and COLLINS of New York changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mrs. BLACK. Madam Chair, on rollcall No. 289 on agreeing to the Ellison Amendment for H.R. 5325, I am not recorded because I was unavoidable detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 165, noes 237, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 290] AYES—165 
Abraham Allen Amash Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.045 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3689 June 10, 2016 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Trott Upton Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—237 
Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hoyer Huffman Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meng Mica Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) NOT VOTING—32 
Adams Amodei Barletta Cohen Costa Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Honda Hunter Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Jordan Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Neal Payne Rush Sires Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1212 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Madam Chair, I was not present for rollcall vote No. 290 on the Blackburn of Tennessee Amendment No. 6. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 223, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 291] AYES—179 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farenthold Foster Frankel (FL) Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grothman Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zinke NOES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.018 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3690 June 10, 2016 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—32 
Adams Amodei Barletta Cicilline Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Marchant Meeks Miller (MI) Neal Payne Sires Stivers Waters, Maxine Wittman Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1216 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 137, noes 270, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 292] AYES—137 
Abraham Allen Amash Babin Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brat Brooks (AL) Burgess Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Harper Harris Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador Lamborn Lance Long Loudermilk Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Russell Salmon Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Upton Walberg Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) NOES—270 
Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Mica Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—27 
Adams Amodei Barletta Brady (TX) Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Neal Payne Sires Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
b1220 Mr. DELANEY changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Ms. F
OXX, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5325) making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 771, she reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.021 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3691 June 10, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CASTRO of Texas. I am opposed to it in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Castro of Texas moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5325 to the Committee on Appro-priations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: In the ‘‘Capital Construction and Oper-ations’’ account, on page 17, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $200,000)’’. In the ‘‘Library of Congress—Salaries and Expenses’’ account, on page 25, line 24, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $200,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, before I speak on this amendment, I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ), who has been a strong advo-cate and leader on this issue, for an op-portunity to say a few words. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleague, Congressman J
OAQUIN CASTRO , to urge the majority to finally allow the House to strike a destructive political provi-sion that has made its way into the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. If those listening are wondering why we are talking about the pejorative term ‘‘illegal aliens’’ on the bill that funds the legislative branch, then you are not alone. This legislation’s accom-panying report includes language that would have the Library continue to use the term ‘‘illegal aliens,’’ ‘‘to the ex-tent practicable’’—even though the Li-brary itself has said that there is no practicable means to continue to use the term ‘‘illegal aliens.’’ The Library changes thousands of subject headings each year without in-terference from Congress. Why this one? Why now? The Library once used the subject heading ‘‘Negro,’’ then moved to ‘‘Afro- American,’’ and now ‘‘African Amer-ican.’’ They didn’t wait until the entire U.S. Code was free of the pejorative term ‘‘Negro’’ before they changed their subject heading. As a matter of fact, Congress only recently removed the last vestiges of the terms ‘‘Negro’’ and ‘‘Oriental’’ from the U.S. Code in May of 2016. That bill passed with a unanimous vote, including the ‘‘yes’’ vote of the chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. If we removed ‘‘Negro’’ and ‘‘Oriental’’ in the subject headings of the Library of Congress before we changed the U.S. Code, then we should do the same for the now-pejorative term, ‘‘illegal alien.’’ The Library of Congress is our Na-tion’s first established cultural institu-tion, and it is hard to fathom why my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would try to tie its hands to the slow- moving wheels of the U.S. Code. Entering into an immigration debate on the Legislative Branch Appropria-tions bill is a terrible precedent. If the majority is really serious about debat-ing the U.S. Code, then let’s have the Republican Rules Committee bring up the Castro bill that would remove the hurtful and inaccurate term ‘‘illegal aliens’’ once and for all from the U.S. Code. We are Members of Congress, not cap-tains of the word police. Free the card catalog and depoliticize this bill. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 2 minutes and 35 seconds remaining. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in 1922, the only grandparent I would come to know came from Mexico to the United States. She was not a rapist or a murderer or an alien. She was a 6- year-old girl whose parents had died around the time of the Mexican Revo-lution, and the closest relatives who could take her and her sister in were in Texas. I bet if we went around this Chamber, I know there would be beautiful sto-ries, similar stories, of ancestors who came from Italy, Germany, Ireland, Af-rica, Asia, and every corner of the world. They are the immigrants to this country. They are the strength of this country. Language matters. Recently, the Li-brary of Congress decided to retire the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ because it is dehu-manizing. For the first time in Amer-ican history, today, the Congress is ready to interfere with the business of the Library of Congress. In the years of the Congress and the Library, language has evolved. That is why we have done away with terms like ‘‘Negro,’’ ‘‘Oriental,’’ ‘‘lunatic,’’ and ‘‘retarded,’’ because we understand that even words that start off as neu-tral descriptors can, over time, become used as verbal weapons and knives to inflict pain and disrespect and sow di-vision. That is the case today. There are times in our country’s his-tory where our politics have also been a race to the bottom. Those Irish an-cestors were greeted by signs that read ‘‘no Irish need apply’’ in cities like New York and Boston. The Japanese, German, and Italian Americans even were interned during World War II. Chinese were excluded from this coun-try for decades. During the Eisenhower administration, many Hispanics in this country were rounded up and deported to Mexico even if they were American. b1230 What I am asking is for us not to fuel the flames of this season and for us to take a better course and do the right thing. I am asking you to support this motion to recommit because the words ‘‘illegal alien’’ will be retired. This will change, whether it is now or 6 months from now or 10 years from now. The question for all of us is whether we, today, will do the right thing or wheth-er a few years from now we apologize for doing the wrong thing. Please support this motion to recom-mit and do the right thing. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I want to make this quick because I want to make sure the House knows what offensive language is in this bill. It is so offensive that I am going to read it. To the extent practicable, the committee instructs the Library to maintain certain subject headings that reflect terminology used in title 8, United States Code. 
That is what is so offensive to the minority party. For 7
1⁄2years, we have had a Presi-dent who wants to ignore the intent of the laws of our land. We will not allow this body, this House, to ignore the definitions nor the words of the laws that have been voted on in this body, passed by the Senate, and signed into law by the President. I am asking this body to vote ‘‘no’’ on this motion to recommit, vote ‘‘yes’’ to uphold the laws of this land, vote ‘‘yes’’ for your constituents on final passage, and have a good week-end. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 89, and adoption of House Concurrent Resolu-tion 112. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 170, noes 237, not voting 27, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.054 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3692 June 10, 2016 
[Roll No. 293] AYES—170 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—27 
Adams Amodei Barletta Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Napolitano Neal Payne Sires Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1237 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall No. 293. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 175, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 294] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—175 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Eshoo Esty Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.032 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3693 June 10, 2016 
King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman 
NOT VOTING—26 
Adams Amodei Barletta Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Neal Payne Sires Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1244 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 89) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States econ-omy, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the concurrent resolu-tion. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 163, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 295] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—163 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Jolly Lujan Grisham (NM) 
NOT VOTING—32 
Adams Amodei Barletta Blackburn Clawson (FL) Clyburn Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Ellmers (NC) Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Love Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Neal Payne Sires Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1250 So the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 295 on H. Con. Res. 89. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS OPPOSING THE PRESI-DENT’S PROPOSED $10 TAX ON EVERY BARREL OF OIL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 112) expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s pro-posed $10 tax on every barrel of oil, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the concurrent resolu-tion. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 253, nays 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.033 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3694 June 10, 2016 
144, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 35, as follows: 
[Roll No. 296] YEAS—253 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—144 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Castro (TX) DeFazio 
NOT VOTING—35 
Adams Amodei Barletta Blackburn Clawson (FL) Clyburn Cohen Davis, Danny Duffy Ellmers (NC) Engel Farr Fattah Fincher Fudge Gosar Hardy Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Lee Lieu, Ted Luetkemeyer Meeks Miller (MI) Murphy (PA) Neal Payne Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sires Stivers Waters, Maxine Yarmuth 
b1258 So the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 296 on H. Con. Res. 112. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 289—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 290—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 291—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 292—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 293—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 294—I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 295—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 296—I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader, for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule of the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Mem-bers are advised that later votes than normal are possible on Thursday and to keep their travel plans flexible. No votes are expected in the House on Friday. b1300 Madam Speaker, the House will con-sider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. The House will consider H.R. 5053, the Preventing the IRS Abuse and Pro-tecting Free Speech Act, sponsored by Representative R
OSKAM . This common-sense bill prohibits the IRS from col-lecting donor information, which has been used by the IRS to improperly target tax-exempt organizations. Finally, Madam Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 5293, the FY17 De-fense appropriations bill, sponsored by Representative R
ODNEY FRELING -
HUYSEN . We expect a large number of amendments to be considered on this bill. So, again, Members are reminded to keep their travel schedules flexible at the end of next week. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that informa-tion. Today, we considered a third appro-priations bill. It was a structured rule, which is not uncommon on both sides of the aisle to have a structured rule. But next week, the gentleman has announced the Defense appropriations bill, and I am wondering whether or not that will be an open rule so that amendments will be able to be offered by Members without constraint of being limited? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, to answer the gentleman’s question, yes, that will come under a structured rule. So Members will be able to offer amendments but before the Rules Com-mittee and then have the debate on the floor prior to passage of the bill. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, does the gentleman mean by ‘‘structured rule’’ that we will simply require amendments to be filed as of a certain time, but that there will be no restric-tion on amendments that will be in order? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.064 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3695 June 10, 2016 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, it will be a structured rule exactly the same as we have used a structured rule before. Amendments will be presented to the Rules Committee, be debated, and then brought to the floor for a vote. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, to fur-ther clarify, my understanding, there-fore, is that the majority leader ex-pects the Rules Committee to choose which amendments will be made in order on the bill. Is that accurate? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, yes, it will be a very fair, wide open process in the Rules Committee look-ing at amendments—those that have not been able to be offered already in committee, where these bills have gone through subcommittee and full com-mittee with amendments being offered, and then they will be brought to the floor so we can get the work done and move the bill forward. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I un-derstand what the gentleman is saying. And it appears to me that it is an abandonment of the Speaker and oth-ers’ representations that when appro-priations bills are brought to the floor that they will be brought to the floor with an open rule or a rule that will allow any and all amendments that seek to be offered by Members on both sides of the aisle to be offered. From the gentleman’s explanation, I believe that is not the case and a devi-ation from the announced policy at the beginning of the year. It seems to me, Madam Speaker, that it is a pragmatic judgment that some amendments are making it difficult on the gentleman’s side of the aisle. As someone who has been here for some period of time, that has been my experience when we were in the major-ity that the gentleman’s side, under open rules, offered a lot of very dif-ficult amendments that we had to con-front. The Maloney amendment obvi-ously was a difficult amendment for Members to confront on the gentle-man’s side and led to the defeat of ap-parently one of the bills, the Energy and Water bill, which failed on this floor. Would I not be correct in saying that this is a policy that is now being pur-sued that is different from that which was represented at the beginning of the year where the floor would be open to any and all amendments and would be considered by the House on their mer-its? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, the gentleman has sat in this position that I have today as majority leader in the past, and the gentleman knows the history of bills he brought to the floor and the manner in which they did. But if I could be frank with my friend, I am a little disappointed. This is not a place to play politics. This is not about one amendment. We have a process for amendments for Members that are serious about making a pas-sionate argument for a bill, not to kill a bill and not to have an amendment pass and then an entire side of the aisle vote against it. What we are bringing forth is a proc-ess that the American people want to see. They want to see ideas get brought here, debated, and moved forward. If we look at the appropriations process in the Senate, they have amendments that go through. If the gentleman wants to go back and recite a history of the number of bills that were open here under his leadership, I more than welcome him to do that. But we should be honest with one an-other. If Members want to offer an amendment and want to debate the amendment and want to make the bill, in their view, better, I would suspect that, if they win an amendment, they would vote for the bill. The gentleman has a long history here, and that is really probably the history that he re-members as well. I want to see the work get done. So any ideas that get brought forth in committee, they are debated, they are offered, and they are voted on. Ideas will get brought forth further as the bill comes forward. If it is an amend-ment and someone wants to move it to the floor, so be it. But we are not going to sit back with the idea of people who want to play politics on the outside and play politics on the inside. I just expect more. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Of course, 130 of his Members voted against that bill; 130 of his Members re-jected that bill. I am hard pressed to think that the majority leader believes that our ‘‘no’’ votes were political and his ‘‘no’’ votes were principled. That defies logic from my standpoint. The fact of the matter is that bill lost be-cause the gentleman’s Members didn’t support it. The gentleman has 247 Members. I do remember being majority leader. Very frankly, I remember getting 218 Democrats for almost every bill we brought to the floor. So we passed them with our votes. If 130 of the gentleman’s Members had not voted against their own bill, it would have passed. And there should be no, Madam Speaker, misrepresentation or misinformation about how seriously Mr. MALONEY cared about his amend-ment. There should be none whatso-ever. In point of fact, it enjoyed ulti-mately the majority of support here on this floor. I will tell the gentleman, I have been here for sometime. He is correct on that, and I do offer amendments from time to time to improve bills that, even as improved, I don’t like. So, in the final analysis, although I have im-proved them and been successful in adopting an amendment, I still do not think the bills are appropriate to pass and go into law. This conversation started with the fact that we need to be able to offer ideas. Very frankly, I understand the gentleman’s position. Today, we just voted on two bills that aren’t going anywhere, a sense of Congress that you are not going to bring to the floor. They have no chance of passage. What did you want to do? You wanted to play politics. I don’t mean you personally, Madam Speaker, but it was a political effort solely to bring two bills to the floor to express some sense of Congress, both of which I voted against because I thought they were playing politics. So the accusation somehow that we are playing politics because we offer amendments that we care deeply about, that we want to see no discrimi-nation allowed in our bills and that we want to defeat those constraints on an executive order that says to people who do business with the Federal Govern-ment, you can’t discriminate against people, I will tell my friend, yes, we are going to continue to try to do that. Now, of course, on this last bill, we were not allowed to do that. We were shut down and shut up and precluded from voting on that particular piece of legislation. So, when I tell my friend that this session started with a pledge for open rules on appropriations bills, I under-stand the gentleman’s problem. Frank-ly, we had structured rules when we were in charge as well. We had not made any great representation about open rules; therefore, we, too, wanted to get the business of the House done. Yes, I remember well 2007 when we were confronted with a filibuster by amendment. At some point in time, after 10 bills had been very difficult to pass, on the last two bills, we did have structured rules. I tell my friend that I hope that he will accord to Mr. MALONEY or others the sincerity of their objectives, not-withstanding the fact that their amendment is adopted and articulates what I think is proper policy for our country, that is, not to discriminate. Everybody in our country apparently doesn’t believe that, but Mr. M
ALONEY  does. And I want to make it very clear that he was very sincere in that amendment. Those of us who voted for it were very sincere in that amend-ment. It was not politics; it was values. Moving on, I want to congratulate the majority leader on his work on Puerto Rico. That was a difficult issue for us both, a difficult issue for our caucuses, a difficult issue for the exec-utive department. We worked together. We got a bill done that certainly was not our favorite. The bill included a lot of stuff in there that we didn’t like, but I will tell the gentleman that we didn’t play poli-tics on that. We only lost 24 votes on a bill that was largely constructed by the gentleman’s side of the aisle in terms of some of the issues unrelated, per se, to restructuring of the debt, which was the intent of the bill. So I want the majority leader to know—he and I have a good relation-ship. I have great respect for him—we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.067 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3696 June 10, 2016 
are going to intend to try to work to-gether on issues like that that are dif-ficult but are necessary for the Amer-ican people. Toward that end, can the gentleman tell me what the status of the Zika issue is with reference to getting re-sources as quickly as possible to con-front this challenge to our country’s health? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on the Puerto Rico crisis. It is something that we worked on together very early from all leaders’ sides, making sure that we protected the taxpayers from a bailout, and I think we met all the cri-teria for helping Puerto Rico move for-ward and protecting the taxpayer. The gentleman is correct on Zika. We want to make sure the funding is there. As the gentleman knows, there is cur-rently funding, and, as the gentleman knows, we have passed a bill on Zika and we have named our conferees. It is my understanding that the Senate is just now naming their conferees, so I am very hopeful that we can get that conference done very quickly and a bill brought back to the floor. As of now, I had met with the Direc-tor of the CDC the week when we de-parted before the district work period. There are enough resources currently, but we need to get our work done as rapidly as possible. Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Obviously, this is an emergency con-fronting our country. Dr. Frieden of the CDC, Dr. Fauci of the NIH, and so many others have raised this as a criti-cally important issue for us to confront and confront now. So I would join the majority leader in whatever efforts are necessary to ac-celerate this process and give to the administration and our health officials the resources they need to protect the American people. Madam Speaker, in closing, I rise to say that we have lost a great Amer-ican, perhaps one of the most famous Americans in the world in Muhammad Ali. Muhammad Ali was, for a portion of his life, reviled for the decisions he took. But through his life, he reflected a commitment to principle that all of us could well follow, an example of even in the light of extraordinary op-probrium from his fellow citizens who said, This is what I believe, this is where I stand, and I am prepared to take the consequences. Many of us believe he was probably the greatest fighter that ever lived. As he fought so successfully in the ring, he fought successfully for his principles and his convictions. b1315 I know that the American people and the House of Representatives would re-flect the respect and affection for a great athlete and a great human being and a great American. If my friend wanted to make a comment, I will yield to him. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding, I thank him for recognizing the life of Muhammad Ali. He touched so many of those who met him and those who did not, and there are so many stories out there of what he was able to do even privately on helping change peo-ple’s lives and actually stand up for what he believed. I think so many times when you look at his life from where he rose and where he stayed rooted in his belief in this country, his belief in the courage to fight for what he believed in. There was a quote he made. I just read it today. It was put up by Forbes as the quote of the week, but Muham-mad Ali once said: ‘‘He who is not cou-rageous enough to take risks will ac-complish nothing in life.’’ I know they are going to honor his life today. He was one who took risks and had the courage to stand up when others didn’t believe the same as he did. One great foundation of this country provides the individuals the right to do that, to challenge others and to live a life that is very full. He lived his life to the fullest and reached many. In the athletic world, he reached the heights, and in reaching others, he did the same in his personal life as well. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 2016, TO MONDAY, JUNE 13, 2016 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, June 13, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
ENDING THE INSANITY OF THE OBAMA-CLINTON-KERRY IRAN POLICY (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, sadly, insanity is the only word that I can use to describe the foolishness of the Obama-Clinton-Kerry engagement with the Islamic Republic of Iran. In January, the Obama administra-tion cut a $1.7 billion check to the Gov-ernment of Iran. On May 18, Iran’s Guardian Council voted to send all of this money to Iran’s military. Sec-retary of State Kerry was asked in January whether this money would be used to fund terrorism. He responded: I think that some of it will wind up in the hands of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps or other entities, some of which are la-beled terrorists. 
This week, we can sadly confirm that this has indeed come to pass, that the entire $1.7 billion from the U.S. tax-payers will now be used to fund Iran’s military and terrorism apparatus. This is the same Iran that routinely chants ‘‘Death to America,’’ threatens to wipe Israel off of the map, captures and hu-miliates our U.S. sailors, and brazenly fires missiles in close proximity to America’s naval vessels, and is respon-sible for the killing of hundreds of American troops. Madam Speaker, this is utter foolish-ness, and these policies must end. 
f 
ISRAEL’S EFFORTS IN CYBERSECURITY (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, last month I had the opportunity to join my colleague on the Committee on Homeland Security, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), on a trip to Israel to learn about their efforts in cybersecurity. As we all know, the security threats Israel faces are enormous, and they ex-tend well into the cyber domain. Israel’s response to attacks on her net-works has been truly extraordinary, as Israel is now the second largest ex-porter of cybersecurity products and services, second only behind the United States. The development of this indus-try, led in large part by the Prime Min-ister, has been catalyzed by public-pri-vate partnerships such as the CyberSpark initiative, which brings to-gether public servants, academic innovators, and business leaders in Be’er Sheva in the Negev Desert, their version of the Silicon Valley. The United States and Israel already collaborate very closely on so many issues, and I strongly believe that the United States and Israel can learn from each other in this emerging field, both in terms of cutting-edge technologies and novel policy approaches. I look for-ward to working to develop these part-nerships. I thank the Prime Minister and the government for a wonderful learning experience. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO SERVICE ACADEMY STUDENT NOMINEES (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Speaker, I would like to extend heartfelt con-gratulations to Benjamin Wiggins of El Dorado, Kimberly Monterosso of Cam-den, Parker Ross of Hot Springs, Nich-olas Amerson of Pearcy, and Krisanna Reynolds of Smackover. These star students from the Fourth District of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.068 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3697 June 10, 2016 
Arkansas will have the honor of at-tending the service academies this fall. Benjamin, Kimberly, and Parker will be headed to West Point; Nicholas and Krisanna to the Air Force Academy. Arkansas has a history of academy alumni. These include General Douglas MacArthur, Supreme Allied Com-mander in the Pacific during World War II, and Brigadier General William O. Darby, leader of what would later become the Army Rangers. Their ex-ample is one of courage and excellence under any circumstances. With this rich tradition before them and through their own accomplishments, there is no doubt these students will do their very best, bringing honor to themselves, their families, and their State. I wish them well in their service ca-reers and success in whatever they pur-sue. 
f 
PLAYING GAMES WITH WOMEN’S HEALTH (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Madam Speaker, at what point do we stop playing games with women’s health? Zika is becoming an epidemic, and American women across the country are helplessly watching as Congress re-fuses to act. Every day this disease spreads faster and impacts more men, women, and especially newborn babies. It is unbelievable that so far the best response to stop the spread of this dan-gerous infection is to tell American women: Don’t get pregnant. That is unacceptable. We can do bet-ter. Have Republicans learned nothing from the response of the Flint water crisis, where they focused on the price tag instead of on protecting Michigan’s children from getting lead poisoning? We cannot wait one more minute for Congress to act. We must do something now to prevent further spreading of the Zika virus. I am outraged we do not have a solution to something that can hurt an entire generation of our chil-dren. Because of Zika’s serious debilitating impacts, Americans are afraid to trav-el, Americans are afraid to go outside, and Americans are now terrified to grow their families. I urge leadership to schedule a vote on H.R. 3299. This bill incentivizes the development of a vaccine to protect us from this disease. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO DARLA SIDLES (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Madam Speaker, I rise to congratulate Darla Sidles, su-perintendent of Saguaro National Park, on her recent appointment to oversee the Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado, and I thank her for her 7 years of service to the people of Arizona. Under Darla’s leadership, Saguaro National Park set record highs for at-tendance, attracting over 750,000 people last year. Her tenure saw the complete refurbishment of the Rincon Mountain Visitor Center and successful applica-tion of key resilient landscapes grants. She also spearheaded efforts to connect the park with local young and urban populations, helping expose them to the many treasures the park offers. In addition to her role as director of one of southern Arizona’s largest parks, she is a valued leader in our community who served for 4 years on the January 8 Memorial Foundation board. I had the privilege to hike Saguaro National Park with Darla, pictured here, to talk about its value. We con-tinue to work together on efforts to protect and improve this Tucson gem. We will be sad to lose her in August, and no doubt Darla’s standout leader-ship of our park contributed to her ap-pointment to oversee the third-most- visited national park in the country. I thank her for her service, and I wish her well in Colorado. f 
ILLEGAL ALIEN PROVISION IN LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS BILL (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my fierce opposition to the ‘‘il-legal alien’’ provision that has been in-serted into the legislative branch ap-propriations bill. This partisan language will force the Library of Congress to keep using the term ‘‘illegal alien’’ even though the Library of Congress decided to remove that derogatory and totally inaccurate term from the Library’s subject head-ing system. ‘‘Illegal alien’’ is a form of dehuman-izing rhetoric. The term has been used to justify continued discrimination against vulnerable migrants and mi-nority communities. The provision is politicizing what is supposed to be a bipartisan budget bill. This unprecedented interference by Congress will have huge ramifications. The Library of Congress sets the stand-ard for subject headings used across America and internationally. ‘‘Illegal alien’’ is inaccurate. The Li-brary of Congress contains our most important records, and they should be accurate and reflect reality. 
f 
ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, June is Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. This month is set aside as a time for us to raise awareness of what Alzheimer’s disease is, the devastating impact that this disease has on mil-lions of people throughout our Nation, and what we can do to help fight this condition. In Michigan alone, over 180,000 of our seniors are currently facing Alz-heimer’s disease. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the State. These numbers are only ex-pected to go up over the coming years. As a doctor from northern Michigan, I have seen firsthand the struggle that those living with Alzheimer’s face. Here in Congress, I have supported numerous efforts to increase Federal funding for Alzheimer’s research as well as plans to offer a higher quality of care for Alzheimer’s patients. While we have made great progress in the research and treatment of Alz-heimer’s disease, it is my hope that we will all continue to work together to-ward ending this plight. f 
21ST CENTURY STEM FOR GIRLS AND UNDERREPRESENTED MI-NORITIES ACT (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of STEM education and the critical role science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics play in our Nation’s economic pros-perity. As our economy shifts toward STEM- oriented careers, we must ensure stu-dents have the opportunity to learn and succeed in these fields. That is why I introduced the 21st Century STEM For Girls and Underrepresented Mi-norities Act, H.R. 2773. I ask my col-leagues, Mr. Speaker, to support this bill. This legislation would help create programs and curriculum for girls and underrepresented minorities to pursue STEM careers. Just last week, I was re-minded of the importance of STEM education while delivering the com-mencement address at Metro Early College High School, a STEM-focused high school in my Third Congressional District of Ohio. I salute the graduates of the Metro Early College High School who achieved a 100 percent acceptance rate to college, and I commend their par-ents as well as the dedicated teachers and staff, including Principal Anthony Alston. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the names of the 106 graduates of the Metro Early College High School grad-uating class. 
METRO EARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL CLASS OF  
2016, JUNE 10 , 2016 Sundari Vudatala, Camryn Walker, Chris-topher Warren, Christian Wiget, Silas Young, Banan Zangana, Sophia Brown, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.070 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3698 June 10, 2016 
Simone Burden, Nicholas Burgett, De’Ciana Burnette, Seth Cabalquinto, Sydney Carroll, Anna Chin, Joseph Chiu, Spencer Churchill, Griffin Patterson, JaNai Rakes, Kennedy Reissland-Woods, Gus Roussi. Michael Ruland, Mario Segovia, Sefora Seyoum, Riley Shaw, Wyatt Sheline, Adam Gill, Sarah Golding, Raquan Goss, Alexander Granato, Montgomery Gray, Connor Guarino, Kailyn Gullatt, McKenzie Hartman, Kelly Haubert, Jonah McKind, Eduardo Me-dina, Jen Miller, Jared Moehrman, Khalid Mohamed, Qiukui Moutvic, Yulia Mulugeta, Aida Ndiaye, Lan Nguyen. Jennifer Kentner, Nathaniel Kolli, Renee Krajnak, Maria Krantz, Ethan Laver, Caleb Lehman, Rebecca Lipster, Samantha Loef-fler, Karsten Look, Justin Loring, Matthew Lowe, Anna Lowery, Miles Marchese, Han-nah Martin, Sara McClaskey, Maya McGeachy, Madison McGraw, Lila Henninger, Elaff Houmsee, Grant Hughes, Nathaniel Huller, Christopher Hulse, Ally Hutchison. Hamdan Ismail, Cherie Johnson, Cierre Johnson, Aaron Joseph, Meghan O’Bryan, Robert O’Shaughnessy, Armando Olvera, Igbinosa Oriakhi, Muwahib Osman, Xzavier Pace, Teja Parasa, Grant Parks, Autumn Patterson, Emma Clark, Tamara Cole, Amina Cusmaan, Angela Dang, Timothy Davis, Rebecca Dye, Nimco Essa, Nahom Eyassu, Charles Gauthier, Aarti Singhal. David Sipes, Curtis Snead, Pauline Sohn, Sally Squires, Kate Swigert, Abigail Thomp-son, Devon Tinker, Alicia Tong, Jolene Tran, Hafsa Abdullahi, Mohamed Abdullahi, Zahra Abu-Rayyan, Saido Ahmed, Maxim Antonyuk, Gary Augustin, Keevyn Baden- Winterwood, Kaila Berry, Silas Birdsell. f 
b1330 SAVANNAH PURPLE HEART VET-ERAN GETS HUMANITARIAN AWARD (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize a very spe-cial constituent of mine, Tech Ser-geant Enos Garvin. On May 2, at a Chatham County Vet-erans Council meeting, Sergeant Gar-vin received a long overdue Humani-tarian Service Medal for his service in Rwanda. In 1994, Reverend Garvin, turned tech sergeant, volunteered with the Georgia Air National Guard and worked on fly-ing missions to help Rwandan refugees, called Operation Support Hope. In these missions, Reverend Garvin flew supplies and food to many refugees in Rwanda who were staying in makeshift tent villages during one of the worst conflicts in Africa’s history. Sergeant Garvin’s service to our Na-tion and for a better world do not end with his involvement in Rwanda. He is also a Purple Heart recipient because of his courageous service in Vietnam. He was shot three times in the leg while Viet Cong troops killed his guards in the middle of the night and launched a surprise attack on his unit. I want to thank Tech Sergeant Gar-vin for his service and the United States Department of Defense for rec-ognizing the remarkable service of Ser-geant Garvin and the 156th Airlift Wing. f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, it is good to be back on the House floor to pick up on an issue that concerns most every American that has gone to col-lege, who is now in school, or beyond. I remember a day 3 weeks ago at the Calaveras County Fair. The security guard at the gate greeted me. He said: Congressman. I said: Yes. He said: I need your help. I said: What can I do for you? He said: Well, I had to go back to school to get the license and the edu-cation for this job. I now run the secu-rity program here. I will be over 70 years of age before I am able to pay off my student loan. He was probably in his early fifties at that time. I said: How can that be? He said: The interest rate is killing me. And, indeed, not only killing him, but all across this Nation, the issue of student debt is harming families, hold-ing back the formation of families—not getting married because you have to pay off the debt, and who would want to marry that person with all that debt? I don’t think so—buying houses, getting a car, carrying on in your life. Student debt is an incredible burden on the American public. And not just the students but, in many cases, the parents of students. Here is what has happened with stu-dent debt: It is now over $2.2 trillion. Probably today it is much larger than the debt on credit cards. The growth has been almost exponential. And we are con-tinuing to see this rise. It is not over. Continuing the debt is part of Amer-ica’s reality. Here are some astonishing facts about student debt: Not only is it $1.2 trillion, but it is continuing to increase at $2,726.27 every second. So we are going to see this go way beyond $1.2 trillion to, and probably approaching, nearly $1.5 tril-lion by the end of this decade. The number of borrowers and the av-erage balance of their debt has grown by 70 percent between 2004 and 2012. That is more than 7 percent per year. And finally, down here, we can say that the average student loan debt for graduate students is now over $35,000 per student. This is an extraordinary burden. Now, tell me, what family in America has not refinanced their home? I think we all have. Certainly, Patti and I have refinanced our home. And I suspect most Americans, if they haven’t yet re-financed, are watching the interest rates and looking for that moment when they, too, will refinance their home. So the question for us today is: Why not refinance student loans just the same as we refinance our homes? Well, the loans are owned by the Fed-eral Government. So this is a question for us in Congress to say: Yes, let’s do something to give the American econ-omy a boost. Let’s give something to those families, those young students that are out of school and those that are still in school—an opportunity to refinance their loans and to recalculate the interest on loans that they will be taking out in the months and years ahead. Take a look at this. Undergraduate loans from the Federal Government are now 4.29 percent. If you are in the other programs, it may be 5 percent. And if you are in the graduate program, it is 6.84 percent. The Federal Government can borrow money somewhere less than 2 percent, or right around 2 percent for 10 years. If you add another percent for adminis-trative costs, we could refinance all that $1.2 trillion of student loans down to 3.23 percent. What a break that would give to stu-dents in school and out of school and those that are going to be borrowing money for the next school year, 3.2 per-cent versus 4.29 percent. Or, if you are a graduate student, 3.2 percent versus 6.84 percent—less than half the interest rate. We can do it. We can do this. And when we do it, we can help those stu-dents that are now carrying that in-credible burden of having to pay these extraordinary interest rates to the Federal Government, which is actually making a $138 billion profit on the backs of students. So I go back to that gentleman there at the Calaveras County Fair who now has a business, but also has a student loan that he took out to get the edu-cation he needed to start that business. I would go back to him and say: I will tell you what. Instead of a 6 percent or 7 percent loan, we can refinance your loan down to 3.23 percent. And what does it mean to the indi-vidual student? It means a great deal. So we have introduced H.R. 5274, the Student Loan Refinancing and Recal-culation Act. It will do the following. It would set all student loan interest rates at 3.25 percent—new ones that come up, existing ones, graduate loans, low-income family loans, and the like. If you happen to be a low-income family, and many of these students are—in fact, the great majority of low- income student are, in fact, taking out loans. For those borrowers, it will be thousands of dollars of interest saved, because we also calculate that the in-terest will not begin to accrue until after graduation. Also, we know that the average sav-ings for students will be over $2,000 on their loans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.040 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3699 June 10, 2016 
It also eliminates the origination fee. Why is the Federal Government charg-ing an origination fee when a student actually goes to the financial office at the university and the paperwork is done by the university? Yet the Fed-eral Government—your Federal Gov-ernment—is sticking it one more way to the students by charging an origina-tion fee. So the new piece of legislation, H.R. 5274, the Student Loan Refinancing and Recalculation Act, is an enormous ad-vantage to the American economy by allowing these students to hang on to a little bit more of their money and to engage in the economy: get married, get a car, buy a house. I had an interesting conversation with the bankers that came into my of-fice a while back. They said: The inter-est rate is not the only problem. I said: Really? What is the rest of it? They said: These students are car-rying these loans on their assets or their liabilities, and when we look at their asset-liability, we see this enor-mous debt, and we cannot even offer them a loan. He said: If you are able to reduce that—the interest rate and, therefore, the payments that are required—we will be better able to offer them a loan for a car or a house. So let’s do it. The Federal Govern-ment ought not be making $138 billion profit on the backs of students. We can borrow money at less than 2 percent or right around 2 percent for 10 years. Let’s refinance all of those $1.2 trillion of loans down to 3.2 percent. And for the new loans that the students are going to be taking up this coming year, let’s give them a break. Instead of 4, 5, or 6 percent, let’s do 3.2 percent. It is just 1 percent more than the Federal Government can borrow money. So keep in mind H.R. 5274, the Stu-dent Loan Refinancing and Recalcula-tion Act. My colleagues, let’s do it. Let’s do it for the students—both new and existing students—and families that have taken out loans so that their children can get ahead, so that those students that have taken out that loan can have the burden reduced. Refinance your house, refinance your student loan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
GUANTANAMO BAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, there is an issue we have been talking about on the Republican side for quite a bit, and I think some of my Democratic friends realize how serious an issue this is be-cause they care about our military members. The President of the United States promised, ill-advisedly, before he was ever elected, that he was going to close the Guantanamo Bay facility that housed the worst of the worst terror-ists wanting to kill Americans and de-stroy our way of life. Well, he found out right after he took office that you just can’t do that because it is going to put American lives at risk. There is a reason they are being held there. And it violates no rules of law when it comes to war, because war is a little different. Since civilized society came along in the history of mankind, things im-proved for prisoners of war. Before there was a civilized society, when one group warred against another, they would either kill them or make them slaves. What occurred was pretty grue-some. In civilized history, when one group says, ‘‘We are at war with this other group,’’ then the other group either re-sponds by defending themselves or they are overtaken by the evildoers—in this case, radical Islamists. Since the history of more civilized warfare—if we can call it such, because war is truly hell—noble nations played by rules that said, if you capture some-one who is part of the group at war with you, then you hold them as pris-oners in a humane fashion until such time as the group of which they are a part agrees that they are no longer at war. If the war drags on 15, 20, 30, 50 years, it is not the fault of the country that captures people at war with them, because that country did not start the war. In this case, the radical Islamists have had this small part of Islam since its beginning and felt like the way to be truly religiously Islamic is to kill anybody that stands in your way of having an international caliphate and forcing everyone in the world to bow before Allah and Islam, in the name of Islam. b1345 It is not our fault if they will not say we are no longer at war with you, be-cause once that happens, then you re-lease those prisoners who were part of the group that was at war with you. And if some of them can be proven to be guilty of actual war crimes against humanity, then you take them to trial, and you try to convict them. And if you do, as we saw after World War II, if they are convicted and sentenced to death, that occurs. If they are sen-tenced to prison, that is on top of the years that we waited while their group continued to be at war with us. That is under the civilized rules of warfare. Guantanamo Bay, I can say, having been there more than once, and also having toured many State and Federal prisons, has provided the most humane treatment I have ever seen a group of prisoners get. For example, in a Texas prison, if you throw urine or feces on a guard, you will suffer consequences for that decision. I found out on one of my trips to Guantanamo Bay prison that when, as often happens, an inmate figures out a way to throw urine or feces on one of our military member guards, that be-cause we don’t want to be perceived as having some mean-spirited prison, we take away a couple of their movie- watching hours during some day to teach them a lesson. And there have been instances where, when they didn’t like the movies being presented, perhaps they hadn’t been screened properly enough, maybe some woman exposed a bare arm and that of-fended somebody, well, there was up-roar, problems. But if somebody com-mitted a really egregious crime of as-saulting one of our guards, then they might actually lose some of their time outside for a day or two. It bothered me greatly to find out that the guards were not allowed to even say anything when someone threw urine or feces on them who was an in-mate at Guantanamo Bay; because one such United States military member, I think they said he was a minority member of our United States military, had feces thrown on him, and he an-grily said a name, and he received an article 15 non-judicial punishment, and he was punished for simply saying something back after he had feces thrown on him. Well, that ought to be the least of the problems. And I couldn’t believe one of our military members who had been assaulted in such a despicable manner was the one punished for say-ing something back to the inmate that threw feces on him. But the President is determined to follow through with this same kind of policy idea that he has had since the beginning, when he had his apology tour going throughout the Middle East, apologizing in Egypt, apologizing around the world for America, who has been the only country that I can find in history that has shed so much pre-cious American blood, so much blood of our Americans for other people’s free-dom. We didn’t owe anybody an apol-ogy, not for that. And there is this mentality among some liberals like our President that the world will be so much safer and a so much better place to live if America were brought down and were not a su-perpower and you let other countries be superpowers, like, for example, Iran. Let’s give Iran $100 billion, $150 bil-lion access to that, and let’s let them become a superpower, and we will nego-tiate a deal that, hopefully, will pre-vent them from getting a nuclear weapon while President Obama is in of-fice. And then who cares what happens after that; right? But the deal that was negotiated pretty well assures that Iran will have nuclear weapons. It is just a matter of when. And now we know that Iran has repeatedly broken their agreement and we know that this administration, as we found out, this administration actu-ally manipulated video to try to cover up just how bad the deal was that this State Department was negotiating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.074 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3700 June 10, 2016 
I didn’t really need to see the story to know this kind of stuff was going on. When I saw that Wendy Sherman was maybe chief negotiator, working with the Secretary of State, who was also part of the glorious deal that the Clinton administration, along with Madeleine Albright, negotiated with North Korea, basically—and this is my translation of the deal—but, okay. We are going to make sure that you have nuclear power, and we will make sure you have got nuclear fuel, you have got everything you need to make a nuclear weapon so long as you will sign an agreement saying that you are not going to use it to create a nuclear weapon. You can’t help but think of all the snickering that went on in North Korea, especially by Kim Jong-il: Wow, all they want is my signature and they will give us what we need to make a nuclear weapon? Sure. Where do I sign? I mean, it really reminded me of the story Jeff Foxworthy told about, before he made money as a comedian, he was down on his luck. A guy shows up at the door, says, ‘‘I’m here to repossess your car.’’ ‘‘Oh, please don’t take my car. If you take my car, I can’t make it to any of my gigs. I can’t make money, and then I have no chance of paying for the car. So please, don’t take my car.’’ ‘‘I’m sorry, Mr. Foxworthy. I’m here, and I’m supposed to either leave with your car or with cash payment or with a check.’’ And Foxworthy basically said, ‘‘A check? You’ll take a check? I didn’t know you’d take a check.’’ ‘‘Yeah, how much do you want me to make it out for?’’ ‘‘I’m glad to write you a check. Sure, you just tell me.’’ And then he signs and gives the check and he keeps his car. That had to be the kind of mentality. You mean, you will give us every-thing we need in North Korea to have nuclear weapons, and all we have to do is sign and you’re good with that? Wow. Okay. Let us sign. So they signed. We make sure they have what they need for nuclear weap-ons in the name of giving them nuclear power, and sure enough—very expectedly by some of us because it was such a stupid thing to do, the Clin-ton administration, with Wendy Sher-man right there in the negotiations— we gave them the ability to create nu-clear weapons, which they have done. The same way with Iran. Their lead-ers must have been laughing behind our backs, because we know what they were saying publicly while they were still continuing to say ‘‘death to Amer-ica,’’ still calling us the ‘‘Great Satan,’’ still saying they weren’t going to abide by any agreement, that the United States would never get them to do what we wanted them to. Oh, so while we are telling the public we are not going to go along with any deal we sign, you are still willing to ac-cept our signature on a deal? For sure, we will sign, because even Allah allows us to sign something that is a lie if, in the end, it furthers his kingdom, in their way of thinking. So if we had strong enough leader-ship in the United States Senate, what would happen would be there would be a call for a vote on the Iran treaty, which it is. It modifies other treaty provisions and, therefore, you can’t do that unless it is a treaty, so it is a treaty. The Constitution says that re-quires two-thirds of the Senate to vote for the treaty in order for it to be rati-fied. The Senate took up this Corker bill, that turned the Constitution upside down, and said, no, we are going to say it takes two-thirds to vote against a deal; otherwise, it goes forward. B
OB C
ORKER is a really nice guy, but, my word, the damage that was done to the Middle East and to the world by the Senate taking an approach to the Iran treaty as if it wasn’t really a treaty. There is still time. Take the vote in the Senate. I know that 60 votes are re-quired for cloture; but when H
ARRY  R
EID felt like getting very liberal judges into Federal courts was more important than the cloture rule, he had 51 Democrats vote to set aside the clo-ture rule, and they put in the liberal judges they wanted over the Repub-lican objection. This Iran treaty is going to eventu-ally bring so much death and destruc-tion to not only the Middle East, but, as Netanyahu has warned us, they are not preparing those intercontinental ballistic missiles for Israel. Those are for us. They can already hit Israel. They are for us. So what do we see in the news now, other than the fact that Iran—well, this article says: ‘‘Iran Spends $1.7 Bil-lion in U.S. Taxpayer Funds to Boost Its Military.’’ And it says in this June 9 article from Free Beacon, by Adam Kredo: ‘‘The State Department is staying si-lent after Iranian officials disclosed that the Islamic Republic spent a re-cent payment by the United States of $1.7 billion in taxpayer funds to expand and build-up its military, according to comments provided to the Washington Free Beacon. ‘‘The Obama administration earlier this year paid Iran $1.7 billion from a U.S. taxpayer-funded account in order to settle decades-old legal disputes with the Islamic Republic.’’ Never mind that our American citi-zens that were taken hostage have never been allowed to collect properly on the damages done by this regime in Iran. Yes, it was Ayatollah Khomeini instead of Khamenei, but these same hoodlums that are running Iran, same type of thinking, were the ones this ad-ministration provided $1.7 billion. In-stead of taking care of the American citizens that this radical Islamist re-gime in Iran, after they attacked our Embassy, took our hostages, held them for over a year, and we pay them? It is consistent, I understand, with the apology mentality that leaders in this country have. Maybe the world will be so much better if we are not a superpower, we cut our military to pre- World War II levels, which is hap-pening, and then we give Iran, that hates us, says very clearly they are going to destroy us and our way of life and our freedoms, we give them $1.7 billion to build up their military while we are breaking down ours. I keep going back to the comment by a gentleman, African, named Ebenezer from Togo, when I was over there with the Mercy Ship, provided incredible health care to the people of Togo, Lome, there in West Africa. And at the end of my week there, he and other Af-ricans—these were not African Ameri-cans. These were Africans. But they also happened to be fellow Christians. After a lovely meeting with them, Ebenezer spoke, and he said: Look. Ba-sically, he said: We were so excited when you elected your first African American—or ‘‘Black President,’’ I be-lieve he said—but since then, we have seen America get weaker and weaker. And the reason we all wanted to meet with you is because, you know, we’re Christians. We know where we’re going when we die. But our only hope in this life for a peaceful life is if America is strong, because as America gets weak-er, we suffer more. We have seen that around the world. I have been to Nigeria and wept with mothers whose children were kid-napped by radical Islamists. They know that, as America has not re-sponded to the radical Islam in Nigeria and helped them as we could, they have suffered mightily. b1400 Yet, this administration, from what has come out of Nigeria, has said: Look, we will help you a little more. We will really be able to help you with Boko Haram, but you have to start paying for abortions, and you have to start having same-sex marriage. We don’t care if it violates your religious convictions because that is what we want you to do. They are suffering there. They are suffering in all parts of Africa, many parts of Africa, because this adminis-tration has not been the force for good; it has been a force for weakness. Now this story from The Washington Post, Adam Goldman and Missy Ryan, June 8: ‘‘At least 12 released Guanta-namo detainees implicated in attacks on Americans.’’ The article says: ‘‘The Obama admin-istration believes that at least 12 de-tainees’’—and this is the Obama ad-ministration themselves. This isn’t L
OUIE GOHMERT . This is ‘‘the Obama administration believes that at least 12 detainees released from the prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have launched attacks against U.S. or allied forces in Afghanistan, killing about a half-dozen Americans, according to current and former U.S. officials.’’ It goes on to explain how these former Guantanamo Bay detainees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.076 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3701 June 10, 2016 
have been killing Americans in Af-ghanistan. This is no surprise to some of us who have been saying—when these people were involved in plotting and killing Americans before they were detained, and they have even made statements in detention that they can’t wait to get out so they can kill more Americans, at some point even if they say, Okay, I will sign where you want me to, just let me go, who is sur-prised when they go back on their word like North Korea, go back on their word like the radical Islamist leaders in Iran as distinguished with so many Iranians who want to be rid of the rad-ical Islamist leaders? But who can be surprised that they would actually go back to killing Americans? That is why so many of us have been saying—a majority in this House—we are not going to let you close Guanta-namo. We have made it against the law for him to release people unless certain things were done. And he violated that—the President did—when he made the deal for what is apparently a United States Army deserter, it cer-tainly appears, and he let five of the worst murderers go without following the law that was set out for the Presi-dent. Now it has been substantiated. We know people that have been re-leased from Guantanamo have been killing Americans. So one thing we know also is when a nation’s enemies see that that nation’s strongest ally is pulling away from that enemy, it is provocative. They act against that nation. So when that na-tion is Israel, and the appearance to the world is that the United States is pulling back from our close alliance and friendship with Israel, is it any wonder that Israel’s biggest and most hateful enemies would be moving against Israel? Terrorists have, once again, been in-spired to go on killing sprees in Israel despite the Israelis doing everything they can to stop the carnage. As Prime Minister Netanyahu has said, I believe he even said it in this Chamber as he stood here facing Moses, our greatest known lawgiver of all time, standing, by the way—and I mentioned this to Prime Minister Netanyahu as he came down the aisle in May of 2011: Don’t forget, while you are standing, speak-ing to us, our national motto will be right above your head. He started to look up, and then he didn’t even have to look up because he obviously knew what was up there. He looked me in the eye and said: I had al-ready thought about that. So as he stood here, In God We Trust above his head, looking at the greatest lawgiver in the history of mankind, Moses—most of us think he had 10 good commandments. I think our Supreme Court would probably say maybe five or six. But he warned us what was hap-pening in the realm of radical Islam, what would be happening to Israel, and what would be happening to what they call the Great Satan, America. People in this administration did not listen. Americans have spoken out loudly during the primary season about this idea of refugees who cannot be properly vetted, because we don’t know really who they are and where they are com-ing from. As FBI Director Comey testi-fied in front of our Judiciary Com-mittee: 
We will vet them, but we have got nothing to vet with. At least in Iraq, we had Iraq’s records on who had criminal convictions, who had arrests, and who had things in their record. We got no records from Syria and some of these other places. We don’t know who they are. We don’t know how criminal they are. We don’t know how radical Islamist they are. 
So many have been warning, and the American people have been warning through the primary season, and this article substantiates, from June 10, ‘‘Refugees Angry Over Skimpy Rama-dan Meals Set Shelter on Fire, Police Say.’’ This is from FOX News. It says: ‘‘A pair of North African refugees report-edly set a German shelter on fire Tues-day because they were angry the spe-cial Ramadan meals there weren’t up to snuff. ‘‘Investigators told the BBC that the men—who were not fasting at the shel-ter in Dusseldorf—had complained their lunch portions were too small.’’ Since they weren’t observing the fast, they wanted more food. ‘‘The fire burned the facility to the ground, causing $11 million in dam-ages.’’ The 26-year-old North African told reporters: 
We had to do it. We had to burn it down so things would change. 
So the question remains as more and more refugees are brought into this country against the will of the major-ity of the American people: How many facilities are going to be burned in America? How many more Americans are going to be killed on our own soil because the State Department and the Homeland Security Department are not properly vetting? Our friend—and, in my mind, hero— Phil Haney, who worked for the De-partment of Homeland Security, had thousands of entries that Janet Napoli-tano said: We tried to connect the dots. They deleted thousands of those dots. Why? Because this administration ap-parently doesn’t want the public to know or the next administration to find out that many of the people they consult with and consort with have ties to terrorists. They deleted so many thousands of the dots in our system. We are at risk, and the FBI direc-tor—I respect him—James Comey, said Tuesday: ‘‘The Islamic State group is currently the main threat facing the United States, both in its efforts to re-cruit fighters to join its members over-seas and to have others carry out vio-lence in America.’’ He said: ‘‘The Islamic State group poses a third potential threat: a ‘ter-rorist diaspora’ that he said will even-tually flow out of Syria and Iraq and end up in Western Europe, where mem-bers will have easy access to the United States. ‘‘‘There’s three prongs to this ISIL threat,’ Comey said. ‘The recruitment to travel, the recruitment to violence in place, and then what you saw a pre-view of in Brussels and in Paris—hard-ened fighters coming out, looking to kill people.’ ‘‘He said officials are ‘laser-focused on that.’’’ We know some officials like him are focused on that, but we also know there are others in the administration who are meeting with people that the Justice Department under President Bush made very clear in their plead-ings were coconspirators in support for terrorism. That included the Council on American-Islamic Relations, CAIR. Then we hear about our friends at the Council on American-Islamic Relations when we see the article that just this week CAIR is joking around about medicating Americans against Islamophobia. So that article from Virginia Hale, 9 June, Breitbart, talks about the jokes by the ‘‘Muslim Brotherhood-linked Council on American-Islamic Relations advises that anyone who harbors ‘intol-erance’ towards Muslims, or who be-lieves large numbers of the religion’s adherents could pose a danger to the U.S., to take anti-Islamophobia medi-cation for their ‘unthinking bigotry.’’’ Is it really bigotry when you are not prejudiced against Muslims, you have many Muslim friends, but you know there is a part of Islamists and there is a part of Muslims who are radical Islamists who want to kill you, destroy your country, destroy Christianity, and destroy Jews—kill all of them? Is it really bigotry to say that we would really like to stop them before they destroy America, kill all Ameri-cans, kill all Christians in the world, and kill all Jews in the world, that we would really like to stop that? Is that really bigotry? Because I would submit, Mr. Speaker, that what that is—if you are an Amer-ican—is love of country. We have had Americans—and I hope and pray still— well, no. I know we have Americans who still have what Jesus, who laid down His life for us, said is the greatest love anyone could ever have, that someone would lay down their life for others. He knew what that was. He did it. We have had so many Americans do that. But because of the lunacy that is oc-curring now in the administration, in the State Department, in homeland se-curity, and in our military, Americans are being killed and are going to be killed. If that is not enough, this article from TownHall, Matt Vespa, June 3: ‘‘Syrian Refugees Pushed Sweden’s Welfare State to the Brink of Col-lapse.’’ Very interesting. Osama bin Laden had an interesting statement at one time about how very cheaply they were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.078 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3702 June 10, 2016 
able to kill 3,000 Americans on 9/11, but that the best part even beyond killing 3,000 Americans was that they cost us billions and maybe trillions of dollars with a very, very small investment to killing Americans on 9/11, and that if they will keep having projects like that, they can break us financially. It appears that with decisions in this administration, they are on their way to doing that. If that is not enough, this adminis-tration had the VA announce that the Department of Veterans Affairs has now proposed covering transition-re-lated surgeries for transgender vet-erans in the near future under a pro-posed rule change. I know that the peo-ple making this decision don’t want more veterans killing themselves. But as Dr. Paul McHugh, the former head of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins, now retired, was still working with them— but one transgender gentleman that had had the sex change in his forties had told me Dr. McHugh knows more about transgender than anybody. Dr. McHugh has not made that claim. He is a very humble gentleman. He is a brilliant man. He cites in his article printed in The Wall Street Journal about a 2011 study at the Karolinska Institutet in Sweden produced the most illuminating results yet regard-ing the transgendered evidence that should give advocates pause. He is talking about advocates for transgender agenda that is even being pushed here in Congress. b1415 And he says: ‘‘The long-term study— up to 30 years—followed 324 people who had sex-reassignment surgery. The study revealed that beginning about 10 years after having the surgery, the transgendered began to experience in-creasing mental difficulties. Most shockingly, their suicide mortality rose almost 20-fold above the com-parable nontransgender population. This disturbing result has as yet no ex-planation but probably reflects the growing sense of isolation reported by the aging transgendered after surgery. The high suicide rate certainly chal-lenges the surgery prescription.’’ So for those in the VA who think a sex change operation is a good idea, Mr. Speaker, I hope they will look at the number of veterans that are killing themselves—higher rates than any time in previous eras of American his-tory—and they will look at how many veterans are dying without the treat-ment they need, the veterans that are in long timelines to get the treatment they need to stay alive, and those who are dying waiting for the treatment they need. Do you really want to have 20 times more veterans killing themselves? Is that where you want the VA money being spent, so that we can have 20 times the suicide rate that we cur-rently have? ‘‘Forbid it, Almighty God,’’ as Pat-rick Henry once said. And now the administration wants to take away parents’ choices of decisions for their kids, wants to take our choices away that the First Amend-ment assures us that we have the right to freedom of religion. There is no right to freedom from religion, but there is a right of freedom of religion; and those rights are being taken away, even as they were from the Little Sis-ters of the Poor. Do we want to allow these rights to continue to be taken at the cost of American lives, as we have seen result-ing from people released at Guanta-namo Bay, resulting from the ridicu-lous rules that are given to our mili-tary members? They are told they can’t fire on people unless they are fired at and they can be assured no ci-vilian will get hit. The rules of engagement are ridicu-lous under this administration. So many rules are costing American lives. It is time to bring it all home and to understand the words of Ebenezer in Africa that, when America gets weak-er, people around the world suffer. They understand that around the world. Freedom-loving people under-stand around the world when America gets weaker, they suffer. America has been a gift to the world. Mr. Speaker, you know it, I know it, and I hope and pray more in the admin-istration will realize it before it is too late. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
UFFY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today through June 14 on account of the birth of his child. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 13, 2016, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Rob-ert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Brad Ashford, Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Dan Benishek, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Gus M. Bilirakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, John A. Boehner*, Su-zanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Charles W. Boustany, Jr., Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Calvert, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capu-ano, Tony Ca´rdenas, John C. Carney, Jr., Andre´Carson, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Kath-erine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Curt Claw-son, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins. Doug Collins, Barbara Comstock, K. Mi-chael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Ander Crenshaw, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Warren David-son, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theodore E. Deutch, Mario Diaz- Balart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Rob-ert J. Dold, Daniel M. Donovan, Jr., Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Duncan, John J. Duncan, Jr., Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Renee L. Ellmers, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Elizabeth H. Esty, Blake Farenthold, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Stephen Lee Fincher, Michael G. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, John Fleming, Bill Flores, J. Randy Forbes, Jeff Fortenberry. Bill Foster, Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Scott Garrett, Bob Gibbs, Christopher P. Gibson, Louie Gohmert, Bob Goodlatte, Paul A. Gosar, Trey Gowdy, Gwen Graham, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Alan Grayson, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Mor-gan Griffith, Rau´l M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Frank C. Guinta, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie´rrez, Janice Hahn, Richard L. Hanna, Cresent Hardy, Gregg Harper, Andy Harris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Joseph J. Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, Rube´n Hinojosa, George Holding, Michael M. Honda, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Tim Huelskamp, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Robert Hurt, Steve Israel, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jenkins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill Johnson, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Sam Johnson, David W. Jolly, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, Wil-liam R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Trent Kelly, Joseph P. Kennedy III, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger. Ann Kirkpatrick, John Kline, Stephen Knight, Ann M. Kuster, Rau´l R. Labrador, Darin LaHood, Doug LaMalfa, Doug Lam-born, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen, John B. Larson, Robert E. Latta, Brenda L. Lawrence, Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Dan-iel Lipinski, Frank A. LoBiondo, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetkemeyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Michelle Lujan Grisham, Cynthia M. Lum-mis, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Thomas Massie, Doris O. Matsui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN7.079 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3703 June 10, 2016 
McCollum, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMor-ris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, John L. Mica, Candice S. Miller, Jeff Miller, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Patrick Murphy, Tim Murphy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Randy Neugebauer, Dan Newhouse. Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Richard B. Nugent, Devin Nunes, Alan Nunnelee*, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Steven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik Paulsen, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Stevan Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Joseph R. Pitts, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Amata Coleman Radewagen, Charles B. Rangel, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Reid J. Ribble, Kathleen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, E. Scott Rigell, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohr-abacher, Todd Rokita, Thomas J. Rooney, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Den-nis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, Paul Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Matt Salmon, Linda T. Sa´nchez, Loretta Sanchez, Mark Sanford, John P. Sarbanes, Steve Sca-lise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff. Aaron Schock*, Kurt Schrader, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Rob-ert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensen-brenner, Jr., Jose´E. Serrano, Pete Sessions, Terri A. Sewell, Brad Sherman, John Shim-kus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Mar-lin A. Stutzman, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thorn-berry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Chris Van Hollen, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela´zquez, Peter J. Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Dan-iel Webster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Lynn A. Westmoreland, Ed Whitfield, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yar-muth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David Young, Don Young, Todd C. Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5658. A letter from the Secretary, Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Partici-pants — Cross-Border Application of the Margin Requirements (RIN: 3038-AC97) re-ceived June 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5659. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Major final rule — Risk-Based Capital (RIN: 3133- AD77) received June 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5660. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 015, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); and 22 U.S.C. 2776(d)(1); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(d) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (90 Stat. 740); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5661. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s re-port entitled, ‘‘Country Reports on Ter-rorism 2015’’, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2656f; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5662. A letter from the Administrator, En-vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period ending March 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 S tat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5663. A letter from the Chairman, Capitol Police Board, transmitting the Board’s 2015 Year in Review which provides a synopsis of the Board’s many short- and long-term ini-tiatives and highlights the achievements of the Board, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 108-7, Sec. 1014(d)(1); (117 Stat. 361); to the Committee on House Administra-tion. 5664. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB — Cosentino v. Commissioner [T.C. Memo. 2014- 186] received June 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5665. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Certain Transfers of Property to Regulated Investment Compa-nies [RICs] and Real Estate Investment Trusts [REITs] [TD 9770] (RIN: 1545-BN39) re-ceived June 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 3636. A bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to allow labor organizations and management organiza-tions to receive the results of visa petitions about which such organizations have sub-mitted advisory opinions, and for other pur-poses; with amendments (Rept. 114–614). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5169. A bill to strengthen welfare research and evaluation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–615, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5170. A bill to encourage and support partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s so-cial programs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–616). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON. Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5050. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline transportation, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–617, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4612. A bill to ensure economic stability, accountability, and efficiency of Federal Government oper-ations by establishing a moratorium on mid-night rules during a President’s final days in office, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–618, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4612 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5169 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. B
URGESS ): H.R. 5445. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the rules with respect to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 5446. A bill to require the Attorney General to review foreign forms of identifica-tion, including consular identification cards and foreign passports without a valid visa, to establish a valid and secure form of identi-fication, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 5447. A bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan requirements for qualified small employer health reim-bursement arrangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. BROWN of Florida: H.R. 5448. A bill to expand the Yellow Rib-bon Reintegration Program to include mem-bers of the Armed Forces serving on active duty and the families of such members; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 5449. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to create a commission to pro-vide adequate representation to defendants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.041 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3704 June 10, 2016 
in Federal criminal cases, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 5450. A bill to establish an American Savings Account Fund and create a retire-ment savings plan available to all employ-ees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. C
RAWFORD ): H.R. 5451. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to exempt certain recipients of Department of Agriculture conservation assistance from certain reporting require-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MOOLENAAR (for himself, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 5452. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligi-ble for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. H
ECKof Washington): H.R. 5453. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish an advisory opinion process for the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona): H.R. 5454. A bill to provide for automatic acquisition of United States citizenship for certain internationally adopted individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WESTMORELAND: H.R. 5455. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to separate the market monitoring functions of the Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection from the Bureau’s supervisory functions; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. F
LEM-
ING, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mrs. R OBY): H. Con. Res. 136. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed Coastal Climate Resil-ience Program; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. F
ORBES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. B EYER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mr. N UNES , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. B RAT, Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. V
EASEY , and Mr. G
OODLATTE ): H. Res. 776. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of November as ‘‘U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier Month’’, in cele-bration of the accomplishments and con-tributions of United States Navy aircraft carriers in defending the freedom of the United States, protecting the security of the Nation and its allies, responding to crisis and spurring technological innovation; to the Committee on Armed Services. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—power to lay and collect taxes By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 5446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—Business/ Labor Regulation—The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. BROWN of Florida: H.R. 5448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 5449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MOOLENAAR: H.R. 5452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article 1, Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 5453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 5454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WESTMORELAND: H.R. 5455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Con-gress shall have power to regulate the regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 228: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 239: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 335: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 379: Mr. M
EEHAN and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 499: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 670: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 704: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 759: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 836: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 842: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 923: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 953: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 1062: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1192: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1211: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1221: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 1391: Mr. H
IGGINS , Ms. S PEIER , and Mrs. C
APPS . H.R. 1603: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 1608: Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. H
AHN, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G OH-
MERT , and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 1784: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1877: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1958: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1959: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T
AKAI, and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1988: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 2016: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2058: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2090: Mr. K
INDand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 2114: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2205: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 2254: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2290: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 2315: Mr. H
URDof Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2327: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2450: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2726: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2799: Ms. E
STYand Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2804: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2867: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2903: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2911: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 2980: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 2992: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
OHEN , and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 3065: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 3094: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. C LAY, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 3099: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 3159: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3185: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 3229: Mr. T
IPTON and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JN7.100 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3705 June 10, 2016 
H.R. 3308: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 3323: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3384: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3471: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 3643: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3666: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3683: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3684: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3706: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3742: Mr. M
ARINO and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3765: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 3884: Mr. I
SSAand Mr. F ORBES . H.R. 3885: Mr. I
SSAand Mr. F ORBES . H.R. 3929: Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , MR. KIL-
MER, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, and Mrs. B ROOKS  of Indiana. H.R. 3964: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3965: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4006: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 4007: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4087: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C
LEAVER , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 4150: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 4184: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK . H.R. 4247: Mr. R
EED, Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. T
IBERI . H.R. 4257: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 4352: Mr. F
ORBES , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. D EGETTE , and Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. H.R. 4365: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4452: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 4514: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4538: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4542: Mr. R
USH, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4592: Mr. C
OLEand Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 4616: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4625: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4632: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4640: Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4681: Mr. PASCRELL and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4715: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4731: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4764: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4773: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 4816: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 4817: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4829: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 4887: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. R
OKITA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 4956: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 5025: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5044: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 5047: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 5082: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 5091: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 5137: Mr. B
OUSTANY and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5143: Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. H
ILL, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. H URTof Virginia, and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5165: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5166: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 5168: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 5172: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 5182: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5183: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 5210: Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan, Mr. P
ALAZZO , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 5230: Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 5254: Ms. K
USTER and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 5259: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5275: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 5276: Mr. P
OSEY and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5283: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5292: Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5312: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5334: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5364: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5386: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5408: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5423: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5425: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5426: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.J. Res. 48: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 14: Mr. C
RAMER , Ms. B ROWN of Flor- ida, and Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 220: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mr. C OFFMAN . H. Res. 494: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana and Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 549: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H. Res. 591: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 642: Mr. H
ARPER and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H. Res. 729: Mr. A
LLEN , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B EYER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B
OST, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. A DERHOLT . H. Res. 740: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. G IBBS. H. Res. 750: Mr. J
OYCE and Mrs. L OWEY . H. Res. 754: Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 766: Mr. F
ARR, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. U PTON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H. Res. 769: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. D
EUTCH . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:10 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN7.026 H10JNPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3787 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 2016 No. 92 
Senate 
The Senate met at 8:15 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN-
NYISAKSON , a Senator from the State of Georgia. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we rejoice in Your strength, for You continue to withhold no good thing from those who do what is right. You are our God; be merciful to our Nation and world. Lord, teach our lawmakers Your ways so that they may live according to Your truth with a purity of heart that honors You. Guide them with Your unfailing love, fortifying them for every challenge. May they never be put to shame, as they strive to live worthy of Your amazing grace. Listen closely to their prayers and provide them with answers to the questions that befuddle them. And Lord, we thank You for the faithful service of our 2016 spring page class. We are grateful for the cre-ativity, competence, and commitment of these outstanding young people. In all of their tomorrows, do for them more than they can ask or imagine. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 10, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHNNY ISAKSON , a Senator from the State of Georgia, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. ISAKSON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in just a few minutes, the Senate will take another important step toward passing sweeping defense legislation that will support our troops and our national security. It will help drive de-fense innovation and research. It will authorize pay raises for our service-members and modernize retirement benefits. It will help prepare our coun-try to deal with the threats of today and the challenges of tomorrow, and it will help prepare the force that the next Commander in Chief will lead to do so as well. It is a responsible and important bill. Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Mem-ber R
EEDof Rhode Island have worked relentlessly to manage this bill, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for cloture this morning. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, I appreciate the hard work of Senator REEDand of course of Senator M
CCAIN. They have worked very hard on this bill, but it is not a good bill. I am going to vote against cloture for a lot of reasons. The White House has announced they have scores of reasons to veto the bill, and they will. I also am concerned about the so- called robust amendment process we were supposed to have under the new Senate leadership. We have Senator G
ILLIBRAND , who has worked for years. All she wants is a vote, and she hasn’t been given that opportunity. We have many other Senators. I know every Senator who has an amendment can’t offer it, but, gee whiz, we have had a handful of amendments. I think we have been very outgoing and doing what we can to make sure these man-agers’ packages are approved, but it has been unfair, the whole process. So for that, and many other reasons, I will vote no on cloture. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 2943, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.000 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3788 June 10, 2016 
McCain amendment No. 4607, to amend the provision on share-in-savings contracts. Reed (for Reid) amendment No. 4603 (to amendment No. 4607), to change the enact-ment date. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I came to the floor yesterday to talk about a truly shameful change that is buried away in this bill. It is a change that would put us on a path to go back on a promise that we made to our service-members just 6 months ago and a change, if left unfixed, that will pull the rug out for men and women in the Armed Forces who are prepared to make the highest sacrifice for the country they love. In case any of my colleagues are un-aware, a single line in this massive De-fense bill on page 1,455, buried in the funding chart, would zero out a new program that is intended to help men and women in our military realize their dream of having a family even if they go on to suffer catastrophic inju-ries when they are fighting on our be-half. I don’t know how this line got in there, I don’t know who thought it was a good idea, and I don’t know why, but what I do know is this: It is wrong and it has to be fixed. I just want to tell my colleagues that 6 months ago the Pentagon announced a pilot program that would offer serv-icemembers who are getting ready to deploy an opportunity at cryopreservation—in other words, freezing their eggs or sperm. This new program gave our deploying service-members not just the ability to have reproductive options in the event they are grievously injured but some de-served peace of mind. It took us a step forward in the promise we have made to our servicemembers to support them when they sacrifice so much for us, and it meant they wouldn’t have to worry about choosing between defending their country or a chance of having a family some day. This new program was met with widespread praise and relief. Men and women who were getting ready to de-ploy—many of whom were thinking about exploring cryopreservation, using their own money if they could af-ford it—were assured that their coun-try had their back. While the pilot program was not groundbreaking, these services have long been available in the private sec-tor, and, in fact, fertility preservation techniques have been used by the Brit-ish Armed Forces for years. It reflected a basic level of respect for servicemem-bers who are willing to risk suffering catastrophic injuries on our behalf, and it sent a clear message that no matter what happens to them on the battle-field, we will be ready to stand with them with whatever they need. I was hoping this new program was a step we could build on, a move in the right direction, an important part of our larger work to help our warriors who sustained grievous injuries achieve their dream of starting a family, which is why I was so upset when I learned this bill would move us the other way. It would take this promise we just made to our warriors and toss it in the trash. It would be a slap in the face to the men and women who serve us proudly and heroically. And honestly, it is the wrong thing to do. Many people here in the Senate are quick to honor our military with their words, but for the men and women who signed up to fight on our behalf and are looking ahead to potentially massive sacrifices, we owe them so much more than that. We owe them action, re-spect, and a shot at their dream of hav-ing a family. We need to fix this bill. We owe them that much. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that it be in order to offer Murray amendment No. 4490 relating to fer-tility treatments and that the Senate vote in relation to this amendment with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I reluc-tantly have to object, and that is be-cause there is an objection on this side, which I have to honor. I thank Senator M
URRAY for her ad-vocacy for the people who are serving in our military in uniform, and this is at least an important aspect of mili-tary life, and I thank the Senator for that. I also thank Senator G
ILLIBRAND , who will speak in a moment on an issue that has been of great importance to her for several years now. She has been an advocate of this very compel-ling issue of sexual assault in the mili-tary. Unfortunately, we have an objection to all the amendments, and that, in my view, is a great disservice to this body, to the men and women serving in the military, and to the American public. It shouldn’t matter whether I happen to agree or disagree with Senator G
ILLIBRAND or Senator M URRAY ; they deserve debate and votes, and they are not getting them because of these ob-jections. I wish to also point out that we are working on amendments by Senator M
ORAN , Senator C ORKER , Senator G
ILLIBRAND , and Senator S HAHEEN . I might point out gratuitously that one of the things I have seen in recent years is involvement on issues that bring new perspectives from people like Senator G
ILLIBRAND , Senator M URRAY , Senator A
YOTTE , Senator M CCASKILL , Senator F
ISCHER , and Senator E RNST . They have brought perspectives to our committee and to this body that have been very helpful. All I can say is this: Senator M
UR-
RAY, I will continue to fight to get a vote on your amendment. Mr. President, I reluctantly object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I thank the chairman for his remarks, and I thank the leaders. I urge my colleagues to allow a vote on my amendment No. 4310. We now know far more about the ex-tent of the military sexual assault problem than we did last year. We have more data, we have reviewed more case files, we heard from more survivors, and it is clear that very little has changed despite the Department of De-fense’s persistent claims that things are getting better and that they are making progress. When the Department of Defense es-timates that 20,000 servicemembers were sexually assaulted this year—the same number as in 2010—that is not progress. When an estimate of 8 out of 10 military sexual assault survivors don’t report the crime, that is not progress. When more than half of all retaliation cases—58 percent of them— are perpetrated by someone in the chain of command of the accuser, that is not progress. When the percentage of survivors willing to report openly has declined for the past 5 years, that is not progress. When 62 percent of sur-vivors have experienced retaliation since 2012 and there has not been one prosecution of this enumerated crime, that is not progress. When it is con-firmed by the Associated Press that the Pentagon blatantly misled the Sen-ate in order to skew our debate, this is perhaps the ultimate time that they are not making progress. Our military justice system is bro-ken. It is failing our men and women who so bravely serve. No matter how many small reforms we make, as long as commanders with no legal experi-ence are continuing to make these im-portant decisions about violent sexual crimes, we are not going to solve this problem. Our commanders are great at winning wars and training troops. They are not prosecutors. They are not even lawyers. They are warfighters, and their job is to keep our country safe, not make legal judgments about whether to prosecute a rape. Once and for all, let’s take this deci-sion to prosecute these crimes and in-stead give it to trained military pros-ecutors. Let’s give our servicemembers a justice system that is worthy of their service. This is our chance, and I urge everyone to vote yes if we have a vote. Mr. President, I now ask unanimous consent that if cloture is invoked for S. 2943, notwithstanding rule XXII, that Gillibrand amendment No. 4310, the Military Justice Improvement Act, be considered in order postcloture, and that it be in order to offer amendment No. 4310, and the Senate vote in rela-tion to that amendment with a 60 af-firmative vote threshold, with no sec-ond-degree amendments in order prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, again, it is the same comment I made to Sen-ator M
URRAY . It is with profound reluc-tance because it is not the way we are supposed to conduct business here in the U.S. Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.001 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3789 June 10, 2016 
I have reached such a level of frustra-tion that I would even consider chang-ing the rules of the Senate that one in-dividual out of 100 can’t bring every-thing to a screeching halt, and that is what is taking place here over an issue. One of the amendments that is being held up is literally putting the lives of our interpreters in Afghanistan at risk. That is the view of General Petraeus, Ambassador Crocker, General Nichol-son, and others. If we don’t allow these people to come to this country, they are going to die. It is that serious. Sen-ator G
ILLIBRAND ’s and Senator M UR-
RAY’s amendments are important, and I do not in any way diminish them, but we are talking about human lives of people who assisted us in carrying out our mission in Iraq and Afghanistan, and that is what is at stake here. I reluctantly object, and I want to as-sure Senator G
ILLIBRAND that I will do everything in my power—which is not a lot right now when you look at the rules of the Senate—to get a vote. I may have some differences with Sen-ator G
ILLIBRAND , but no one has been more dedicated to addressing this issue of a very difficult and frankly embar-rassing side of the military today, and that is the incidence of sexual assaults. I reluctantly object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I have been to a few of these rodeos, and I think the only way we are going to get some fairness here is that we do not invoke cloture. As I said, I have been through this a number of times. I think if that hap-pens, people will understand. We have to have a few votes—not a lot of votes but a few votes. I was on the floor yesterday when Senator M
CCAINmade this emphatic statement that, frankly, only he could make. He was talking about how peo-ple’s lives are in jeopardy here, espe-cially with the Shaheen amendment. We don’t have to change the rules of the Senate, but I suggest that we do not invoke cloture, give us some time to work out a few amendments, and I think that can happen. We have two experienced legislators. The chairman of the committee and ranking member of the committee, Senator M
CCAIN and Senator J ACK R
EEDof Rhode Island, are two of the best we have here in the Senate, and we should move forward in a way that is expeditious yet productive. Earlier this morning I said that a ro-bust amendment process has not taken place here. There hasn’t been an amendment process. You can blame a lot of people, but it hasn’t happened. I think this is an important piece of legislation. Senator M
CCAINand I have worked on this issue for years, and we have been at odds on occasion. He was upset that I didn’t bring the bill for-ward quickly enough, but I do remem-ber that we always brought it to the floor. I can remember on one occasion when he and Senator Levin, who has since retired, finished this bill in 2 days, and we had a good bill that came out of here. There were no vetoes, no threats of veto, and we worked out the problems. So I would hope that we can move forward and get some fairness in this bill. It is a huge bill. I have some dif-ferences in the bill, but it is not fair that we don’t have a better process than what we have had so far. So I would suggest that others vote no on cloture. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. CAPITO ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Madam President, I sim-ply want to underscore the importance of these amendments that Senator M
URRAY and Senator G ILLIBRAND are putting forward. There can be disagree-ment on the substance, but the merits, the importance, and the criticality should be obvious to all of us. I would hope to find a way to have votes on these amendments. The same logic applies to Senator S
HAHEEN and Senator M ORAN . They have amendments that they have worked tirelessly on for days. They are being frustrated, not by the majority of the Senate but by a few individuals. I think we have reached the point now where we have very little time left. If we could come together at least on a good-faith package of consents to deal with all of these or a majority of these and then continue to work for-ward for votes on all of them, I think that would be the appropriate thing to do. So, again, I just want to underscore the fact that the issues that Senator M
URRAY and Senator G ILLIBRAND have raised are deserving of a vote, and we should have a vote on these issues. With that, I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 469, S. 2943, a bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. John McCain, John Cornyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Tom Cotton, Kelly Ayotte, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, Lindsey Gra-ham, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Joni Ernst, Thom Tillis, Daniel Coats, Chuck Grassley, John Thune, Steve Daines, Mitch McConnell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on S. 2943, an origi-nal bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, as amended, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. HATCH ). Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-ator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 68, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 97 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Scott Sessions Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—23 
Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cruz Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Hirono Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Paul Reed Reid Schumer Shaheen Warren Whitehouse 
NOT VOTING—9 
Boxer Coons Durbin Hatch Leahy Mikulski Sanders Warner Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 68, the nays are 23. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.003 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3790 June 10, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HISTORICAL SIGNIFICANCE AND THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE ‘‘JAMES H. MEREDITH MARCH AGAINST FEAR’’ Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 488, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 488) recognizing the historical significance and the 50th anniver-sary of the ‘‘James H. Meredith March Against Fear,’’ a 220-mile walk down High-way 51 from Memphis, Tennessee, to Jack-son, Mississippi. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 488) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I think this is a very appropriate time to recognize the Meredith March Against Fear. On June 5, 1966, 4 years after be-coming the first African-American stu-dent to enroll at the University of Mis-sissippi, James Meredith began his his-toric Meredith March Against Fear. The march began at the Peabody Hotel in downtown Memphis and would con-clude some 3 weeks later at the Mis-sissippi State Capitol in Jackson. On June 6, Mr. Meredith and his small band of supporters encountered gunshots about 1 mile south of Hernando, MS. James Meredith was shot three times on that day and was taken to a hospital. Although he would recover, Meredith was unable to com-plete his March Against Fear, and the leadership was taken over by Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., Floyd McKissick, and Stokely Carmichael. By the time the march reached the city limits of Canton, the number of marchers had doubled to 250. By the time it con-cluded in Jackson, there were 15,000 people in attendance. This over-whelming turnout made it the largest civil rights demonstration in the his-tory of the State of Mississippi. More than 4,000 African Americans were reg-istered to vote from rallies and drives during the march along U.S. Highway 51. Mr. Meredith still lives in Jackson, where he is frequently seen wearing his Ole Miss cap and attending Ole Miss athletic events in Oxford. He will turn 83 1 day before the 50th anniversary of the march’s conclusion. Today, the Senate recognizes the courageous leadership of James Mere-dith. I think it is appropriate that this resolution is sponsored by the three current Members of the Senate who are graduates of the University of Mis-sissippi—Senator COCHRAN , Senator S
HAHEEN , and this Senator. I commend the Senate on its recogni-tion of this important individual and this significant milestone in the his-tory of the civil rights movement. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—Continued Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, as we move forward with cloture, I wish to make a clarification for the record. There has been a lot of conversation about this issue of the role of women as far as Selective Service is concerned. At the time the amendments were filed, there was no amendment, except one, from the Senator from Utah, who is on the floor. As soon as we began consideration of the bill, I said to the Senator from Utah: When do you want to do your amendment on women in the Selective Service? His response was that he wanted to do another amendment first. I said: Look, the way things work, you may have great difficulty getting that up. Nor has the Senator from Utah or anyone else raised the amendment for a vote. So I am sorry to say that out there, there seems to be some conversation that Senator M
CCAINwas blocking a vote on women in the Selective Serv-ice. I am not. Right now, if it were ger-mane—and I don’t know if it is ger-mane or not—I have repeatedly said that if that amendment is up for con-sideration, I would be glad to have that amendment considered and to have it voted on. So I want to clarify that for the record. I did not block any amendment concerning women being eligible for Selective Service. I want the record to be very clear. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MORNING BUSINESS Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS GALYON Mr. COTTON. Madam President, today I recognize Thomas Galyon of Rogers, AR, as this week’s Arkansan of the Week for his advocacy work with the Arkansas chapter of the national ALS Association. Tom was diagnosed with ALS in 2014 and has been a tireless advocate ever since. Tom isn’t one to let ALS hold him back. In fact, after spending 33 successful years in the tourism indus-try, Tom decided retirement wasn’t for him and went back to work as the property manager for the Center for Nonprofits at St. Mary’s in northwest Arkansas. As luck would have it, the ALS Association is headquartered in the very building Tom manages, mak-ing his commitment to their organiza-tion that much stronger. Recently I had the opportunity to meet with Tom when he came to Wash-ington to advocate on behalf of the ALS Association. We had a long discus-sion, where I learned about Tom’s story and the struggle of nearly 20,000 other Americans who are currently liv-ing with ALS. During our meeting, Tom asked me to address the problem that persons with ALS face when seek-ing disability insurance. I was proud to work with my col-league Senator W
HITEHOUSE to become the lead Republican sponsor of the ALS Disability Insurance Access Act, a bill that would waive the 5-month waiting period to receive disability insurance program benefits for those living with ALS. While the waiting period may be prudent in many cases, for ALS it con-sumes a lot of the remaining life ex-pectancy once you get a diagnosis of ALS. We now have nine sponsors. As we gain more support, I am hopeful this bill will move forward and eventually become law. In a testimony about his journey with ALS, Tom writes: ‘‘Until there is a treatment or a cure for ALS I will continue to be an avid advocate for change in government policies and pro-cedures that affect all ALS patients in a negative way.’’ I encourage all Arkansans to take a lesson from Tom’s words: Advocacy works. If there is a bill or regulatory matter that impacts your life, I want to hear about it. To become an advo-cate, contact my office and tell me your story. It is part of my job to rep-resent you in the Senate. Tom’s journey is a remarkable one. He has not let the unexpected discour-age him. In fact, he has used his diag-nosis to teach others about ALS and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.009 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3791 June 10, 2016 
bring us closer to a cure. As Tom him-self always says, ‘‘Blue skies always.’’ I think that is a mantra everyone in the Senate and Arkansas could adopt, too. It is my honor to recognize Thomas Galyon as this week’s Arkansan of the Week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I rise to speak in support of the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, a bill upon which we have for-tunately invoked cloture today and which I hope will allow us to proceed to finish this vitally important legisla-tion. I wish to commend both Chairman M
CCAINand Ranking Member R EEDfor their leadership as they worked to-gether. Their bill puts us on a path to-ward addressing the myriad threats we face today. In fact, in my years in the Senate, it is difficult to think of a time in which we have faced more threats from more different adversaries around the world. These national security challenges include the challenges posed by ISIS, as it continues to control ter-ritory and key cities in Syria and Iraq and spreads to other countries, such as Libya and Nigeria; Al Qaeda and other Islamic extremist terrorist groups de-termined to attack our country and our allies; Russia’s aggressive oper-ations in Ukraine, the Baltics, and Syria; and China’s aggressive military activities in the South China Sea. This bill funds programs that ensure our Nation’s continued presence and deterrence missions, including $271 million to help complete the construc-tion of two DDG–1000 Destroyers. These ships provide capabilities including stealth technology, electric propulsion, and a smaller crew size. The Navy re-cently accepted delivery of the first DDG–1000, the Zumwalt—a major mile-stone for this revolutionary program. Given the ship’s cutting-edge tech-nology, unique hull, and advanced com-bat systems, the shipbuilders at Bath Iron Works in my State should be com-mended for their exceptional work and dedication in building the largest naval destroyer and the most advanced naval destroyer in history. The bill before us also includes $3.2 billion for the procurement of two Arleigh Burke-Class Destroyers as part of a multiyear procurement contract, as well as incremental funding for a third fiscal year 2016 Flight Three De-stroyer. This much needed additional destroyer, which ranks No. 2 on the Navy’s unfunded priorities list, will be built at Bath Iron Works. As the work-horses of the Navy, these destroyers help ensure that our Navy’s capabili-ties remain unrivaled in delivering power and presence across the globe. From freedom of navigation missions in the South China Sea to addressing Iranian aggression in the Strait of Hormuz, these ships signal to enemies and allies alike that the U.S. Navy is ready to respond wherever and when-ever it is needed. After years of advocacy, I am pleased this legislation also includes an impor-tant provision that requires the De-partment of Defense to finally comply with the Berry amendment by outfit-ting new recruits with high-quality athletic shoes made in America by skilled American workers. This amend-ment, sponsored by my colleague Sen-ator KING, is based upon stand-alone legislation that I introduced with my colleague from Maine. It is good not only for our troops but also for Amer-ican manufacturing. It is time to stop relying on goods manufactured in for-eign countries to outfit those who wear the uniform of our Nation. It is past time for the Department’s circumven-tion of the Berry amendment to be ended when it comes to athletic foot-wear. This bill also provides for invest-ments in our public shipyards, which are strategic assets for our national se-curity. For Portsmouth Naval Ship-yard in Kittery, ME, almost $75 million is authorized for necessary upgrades, including $18 million for unaccom-panied housing, $30 million for utility improvements for nuclear platforms, and $27 million to construct a replace-ment for a medical and dental unit that is in a building that is 100 years old and does not meet current safety standards. As the senior member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, I am pleased these authorizations match the funding included in our Military Con-struction and VA spending bill that passed the Senate overwhelmingly a few weeks ago. These investments at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard will result in the high-quality facilities that shipyard personnel deserve as they maintain, repair, and modernize our nuclear submarine fleet. The bill also provides the resources necessary to help our allies and part-ners around the world. I am pleased it would authorize $50 million for the U.S.-Israel Anti-Tunneling Cooperation Program. The terrorist organization Hamas continues to construct tunnels from Gaza to Israel, which have been used by terrorists to sneak across the border and carry out attacks on Israeli citizens. Meanwhile, we have the problem of Iran, which has continued to defy a U.N. Security Council resolution on its ballistic missile program by con-ducting flight testing of missiles that are inherently capable of delivering nu-clear weapons that could someday reach the United States. They already are capable of reaching Israel, which is why this bill’s continued support for the U.S.-Israeli cooperative missile de-fense programs is so important. I am pleased to note that the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act con-tains several measures supporting our servicemembers, who perform the im-portant missions we assign them. These provisions include a 1.6-percent pay raise and reauthorization of bo-nuses and special pay to help encour-age retention. I know this has been a real problem, for example, for the Air Force in retaining the pilots it needs, who oftentimes can make so much more money and have far easier mis-sions and hours in the private sector. I filed an amendment, as I did last year, to strike a provision in this bill that would unfairly discriminate against women servicemembers. The provision mandates that if two or more servicemembers live in the same house, the amount of the basic allowance for housing payable to each member would be divided by the total number of mem-bers in the house. That means, in cases where a servicemember resides with his or her Active-Duty spouse or if a mem-ber resides with military roommates, each would proportionately lose his or her stipend for housing under this bill. This disproportionately affects female servicemembers because 20 percent of them are married to another service-member. In contrast, less than 4 per-cent of Active-Duty men are married to Active-Duty women servicemem-bers. I hope we can change this provi-sion. Other provisions of this bill would provide additional protections for sur-vivors of sexual assault to move closer to the goal of translating the mili-tary’s stated policy of zero tolerance into reality. Specifically, the bill would create a new punitive article in the Uniform Code of Military Justice that criminalizes acts of retaliation. The article would hold servicemembers accountable if they threaten or take adverse personnel action against those who report or plan to report retalia-tion. Finally, this bill would direct the Pentagon to rein in unnecessary and wasteful spending by reducing the number of general and flag officers by 25 percent. This is an issue that I have been working on with Chairman M
CCAINsince 2012, and I am pleased to see the continued focus on ending the practice of rank inflation. I should mention that I have the greatest respect for the high-ranking officials as well as for all who serve in our military. But this is an issue that we do need to deal with, and I believe this bill strikes the appropriate bal-ance. We owe it to taxpayers to assess every efficiency and use every cost-sav-ing measure while also ensuring the se-curity of our Nation. I thank the Presiding Officer for her patience. I know the Senate is soon to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.010 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3792 June 10, 2016 
adjourn. I urge support of this impor-tant bill. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION AND FEMALE VETERAN SUICIDE PREVENTION BILLS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it was encouraging to see the Senate vote to advance the National Defense Au-thorization Act this morning. It re-flects a recognition by this body of the importance of the bill and the moment. The defense authorization act will pro-mote defense innovation and research, it will modernize retirement benefits for our men and women in uniform, and authorize the pay raises they deserve. It will help prepare our country for the threats of today and the challenges of tomorrow, and it will better enable the next Commander in Chief, regardless of party, to deal with them as well. That is critical given that the next Presi-dent is about to inherit an array of threats and troubling instability in the Middle East. Yesterday Senators laid out many ways in which President Obama’s for-eign policy has fallen short. One was lack of strategic vision. Take for in-stance his unnecessary threat to veto this very bill. He doesn’t like bipar-tisan prohibitions on transferring hard-core terrorists from Guantanamo’s se-cure facilities to American commu-nities or unstable countries. We in-clude similar bipartisan provisions year after year after year. He makes similar threats year after year after year, but he signs the bill year after year, so it is time to quit that. This bill just advanced in the Senate by a bipartisan vote of 68 to 23. The funding levels this bill authorizes is ex-actly the same as what President Obama requested in his budget, and un-less the President is actually more con-cerned about a campaign slogan from back in 2008 than he is about grave threats we face in 2016, he will sign it. I thank colleagues on both sides for their hard work on this legislation, particularly Chairman M
CCAIN. He is always on guard for our men and women in uniform, and he is always standing up for our national security. This bill is a reflection of his commit-ment. It is an important step for the American people, but it is not the only one we took this past week. It has been reported that we lose over 20 veterans each day to suicide, and one study has revealed that suicide rates among female veterans grew by 40 percent between 2000 and 2010. This is heartbreaking, and it underlines the importance of the Female Veterans Suicide Prevention Act that the Senate passed earlier this week. This legisla-tion will require the VA to take a clos-er look at this issue and assess which mental health care and veteran suicide prevention programs are most success-ful for our female veterans. It builds upon the progress of the Clay Hunt Act, an important law we passed last year that provides more of the suicide prevention and mental health support our veterans deserve. As Senator ERNST recently reminded us, our servicemembers have selflessly sacrificed in defense of our freedoms, and we should help ensure that they are prepared to transition back to ci-vilian life, which includes access to quality and timely mental health care they deserve. Senator E
RNST knows what it means to serve. I thank her for her continued leadership for Iowa and for her work on this bill with Senators B
OXER , BLUMENTHAL , and B ROWN . This veterans mental health legisla-tion is another example of what we can accomplish when we work together to find solutions for the American people, and it is another example of a Senate that is back to work. 
f 
SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP BILL Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of S. 1089, a bill to encourage and support partner-ships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs, and for other purposes, known as the Social Impact Partner-ship Act, SIPA. This legislation would facilitate the creation of public-private partnerships that have the goal of im-proving the outcomes from our Na-tion’s social services spending in order to benefit both the people intended to be helped by those programs and the U.S. taxpayer. It would do so by cre-ating the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, which would recommend to the Treasury Sec-retary that the Federal Government enter into agreements with State and local governments and private inves-tors to pay for successful social im-provement programs funded by private investors out of savings those pro-grams create for the Federal Govern-ment. The bill appropriates $300 million for this purpose and aims to ensure that the savings to the Federal Government from the projects selected will exceed that $300 million. If a social services program is not successful, the Federal Government will not pay for it. In this way, SIPA helps to reorient Federal so-cial spending towards measurable im-provements in the lives of those served. While I am supportive of the bill, I do want to note for the record that this bill could benefit from further assur-ances at a committee markup that the funded projects will result in govern-mental savings. The appropriations for the legislation should be offset with spending reduc-tions in other areas, as has been done in the companion legislation in the House of Representatives. There should be a specified role in the legislation for CBO and OMB to certify for taxpayers that the Federal performance payments authorized in the bill for successful projects do not exceed actual programmatic savings and that this bill provides better social outcomes for equal or less total money spent. Finally, the bill should ensure that there is no way for any program stake-holder, government official, or member of the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships to unduly influence the measured outcome of these funded projects, which is required to receive federal payments. As part of these protections, there should be strict conflict of interest rules in place to prohibit those involved in selecting and measuring the projects from hav-ing a financial interest in their out-come. The purpose of the Social Impact Partnership Act is to establish funding for innovative social service projects that work and ending funding for those that do not. If there is any evidence that such innovation is not occurring and SIPA is becoming yet another wasteful and politically influenced gov-ernment program, I will work to end it. I thank Senators H
ATCH and B ENNET  for their great work on this bill, and I look forward to its markup in the Fi-nance Committee and passage in the full Senate. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BILLY COX ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I pay tribute to Baxter County Sher-iff’s Deputy Billy Cox, the American Legion Department of Arkansas Law Enforcement Officer of the Year Award recipient. Deputy Cox has dedicated 13 years to law enforcement and currently serves as the Norfork school resource officer. He provides a law enforcement pres-ence, but also uses his skills and expe-riences to help students learn and grow in a safe environment through D.A.R.E. and other youth safety pro-grams. Having worked as a paramedic for two decades, he also teaches CPR to high school students. Known as Officer Billy to the stu-dents and educators around the Norfork School District, Deputy Cox is a positive role model for the students. Students rely on him to listen to their problems, and he is always patient and willing to listen. Norfork High School Principal Bobby Hulse says Deputy Cox means a lot to the students and staff. His dedication to law enforcement has earned Deputy Cox certifications in drug abuse education and gang resist-ance education. He is a State-certified drug recognition expert. The American Legion Department of Arkansas Law Enforcement Officer of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.012 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3793 June 10, 2016 
the Year Award recognizes law enforce-ment officers who exceed their respon-sibilities in uniform and show a com-mitment to community service. Dep-uty Cox was nominated for this award by his supervisor, Lt. Ralph Bird, be-cause of the huge impact he has had on students and citizens in the county. Deputy Cox is well-deserving of this recognition. His dedication, devotion, and commitment to Baxter County and the Norfork School District are appar-ent every day. I offer my congratulations to Deputy Billy Cox for receiving this honor and wish him continued success in his law enforcement career.∑ 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 3826. An act to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to mod-ify provisions relating to certain land ex-changes in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5706. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘D-glucurono-6-deoxy-L-manno-D- glucan, acetate, calcium magnesium potas-sium sodium salt (diutan gum); Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9946–48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5707. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Alpha-2,4,6-Tris[1-(phenyl)ethyl]- Omega-hydroxypoly(oxyethylene) poly(oxypropylene) copolymer; Tolerance Exemption; Technical Correction’’ (FRL No. 9946–43) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5708. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Alcohols, C>14, ethoxylated; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9946–16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5709. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil Money Penalties for Inflation’’ (RIN3052–AD16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5710. A communication from the Board Chairman, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Prac-tice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil Money Penalties for Inflation’’ (RIN3055–AA11) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5711. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin Re-quirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants—Cross- Border Application of the Margin Require-ments’’ (RIN3038–AC97) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5712. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Imple-mentation of the February 2015 Australia Group (AG) Intersessional Decisions and the June 2015 AG Plenary Understandings’’ (RIN0694–AG88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5713. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps’’ ((RIN1904–AB94) (Docket No. EERE–2009–BT– TP–0004)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5714. A communication from the Chief of the Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sulfur Oper-ations in the Outer Continental Shelf - Tech-nical Corrections’’ (RIN1014–AA15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5715. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Stationary Sources and Emission Guidelines for Existing Sources: Commercial and Indus-trial Solid Waste Incineration Units’’ ((RIN2060–AS11) (FRL No. 9945–72–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5716. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants for Secondary Alu-minum Production’’ ((RIN2060–AS94) (FRL No. 9947–30–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5717. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous Chemical Reporting: Com-munity Right-to-Know; Revisions to Hazard Categories and Minor Corrections’’ ((RIN2050–AG85) (FRL No. 9945–07–OLEM)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5718. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Completeness Findings for 110(a)(2)(C) State Implementation Plan Per-taining to the Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) NAAQS; California; El Dorado Coun-ty Air Quality Management District and Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management Dis-trict’’ (FRL No. 9947–35–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5719. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; California; California Mo-bile Source Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9947–59– Region 9) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5720. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Sulfur Dioxide’’ (FRL No. 9947–48–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5721. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Removal of Gasoline Vapor Recovery Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9947–39–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5722. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; NAAQS Updates’’ (FRL No. 9946–80–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5723. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Unified Listing Team, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Zuni Bluehead Sucker’’ (RIN1018–AZ23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5724. A communication from the Chief of the Wildlife Trade and Conservation Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revisions of the Section 4(d) Rule for the Af-rican Elephant (Loxodonta africana)’’ (RIN1018–AX84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5725. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Unified Listing Team, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination That Designation of Critical Habitat is Not Pru-dent For The Northern Long-Eared Bat’’ (RIN1018–AZ62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.014 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3794 June 10, 2016 
EC–5726. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Unified Listing Team, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for the Oregon Spotted Frog’’ (RIN1018–AZ56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5727. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2016–33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5728. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cosentino v. Com-missioner, T.C. Memo 2014–186’’ (AOD 124337– 15) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5729. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applying for Cer-tification as a Certified Professional Em-ployer Organization’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–33) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5730. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Certain Transfers of Property to Regulated Investment Compa-nies [RICs] and Real Estate Investment Trusts’’ ((RIN1545–BN39) (TD 9770)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5731. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, sec-tion 701: Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015’’ (RIN0960–AH99) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5732. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Comprehensive Child Welfare Information System’’ (RIN0970–AB90) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the office of the President of the Senate on May 27, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5733. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the extension of waiver authority for Belarus; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–5734. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the extension of waiver authority for Turkmenistan; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5735. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the International Labor Organization Recommendations con-cerning the Transition from the Informal to the Formal Economy (No. 204), adopted by the 104th session of the International Labor Conference at Geneva; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5736. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inter-national Traffic in Arms: Revisions to Defi-nition of Export and Related Definitions’’ (RIN1400–AD70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5737. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guar-anty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Ben-efits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5738. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Pension Benefit Guar-anty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjust-ment of Civil Penalties’’ (RIN1212–AB33) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5739. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of Regulations and Policy Man-agement Staff, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Per-mitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Ani-mals; Chromium Propionate’’ (Docket No. FDA–2014–F–0232) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5740. A communication from the In-spector General of the General Services Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector Gen-eral for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5741. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Transpor-tation’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5742. A joint communication from the Chairman and the General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5743. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Maritime Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and a Management Report for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5744. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–292, ‘‘Sense of the Council in Support of a ’Statehood or Else’ Signature Campaign Resolution of 2015’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5745. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Education’s Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5746. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR); Rewrite of GSAR Part 515, Con-tracting by Negotiation’’ (RIN3090–AI76) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5747. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR); Rewrite of GSAR Part 517, Special Contracting Methods’’ (RIN3090–AI51) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5748. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR); Purchasing by Non-Federal Enti-ties’’ (RIN3090–AJ43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5749. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Grants Man-agement, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small Business Government Contracting and National Defense Authoriza-tion Act of 2013 Amendments’’ (RIN3245– AG58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. EC–5750. A communication from the Senior Attorney Advisor, Federal Highway Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Statewide and Nonmetro-politan Transportation Planning; Metropoli-tan Transportation Planning’’ (RIN2125– AF52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5751. A communication from the Para-legal, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Statewide and Nonmetropolitan Transpor-tation Planning; Metropolitan Transpor-tation Planning’’ (RIN2132–AB10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5752. A communication from the Senior Attorney Advisor, Federal Highway Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Categorical Exclusions’’ (RIN2125–AF69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5753. A communication from the Senior Attorney Advisor, Federal Highway Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commercial Zones at Inter-national Border with Mexico’’ (RIN2126– AB86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.010 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3795 June 10, 2016 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3048. A bill to withdraw certain Federal land located in Malheur County, Oregon, from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and operation under the mineral leasing laws, to provide for the conduct of certain economic activities in Malheur County, Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 3049. A bill to designate the Organ Mountains and other public land as compo-nents of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. L EE, Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 3050. A bill to limit donations made pur-suant to settlement agreements in which the United States is a party; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C OCH-
RAN, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. Res. 488. A resolution recognizing the historical significance and the 50th anniver-sary of the ‘‘James H. Meredith March Against Fear’’, a 220-mile walk down High-way 51 from Memphis, Tennessee, to Jack-son, Mississippi; considered and agreed to. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, and Mr. M CCONNELL ): S. Res. 489. A resolution honoring the life and achievements of Muhammad Ali; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mr. B ENNET , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): S. Res. 490. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that ambush marketing adversely affects the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B URR, and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. Res. 491. A resolution designating June 12, 2016, as a national day of racial amity and reconciliation; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. M CCONNELL ): S. Res. 492. A resolution designating the week of June 6 through June 12, 2016, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 386, a bill to limit the au-thority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. S. 1089 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1089, a bill to encourage and support partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated serv-ice of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1779 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1779, a bill to prevent con-flicts of interest that stem from execu-tive Government employees receiving bonuses or other compensation ar-rangements from nongovernment sources, from the revolving door that raises concerns about the independence of financial services regulators, and from the revolving door that casts as-persions over the awarding of Govern-ment contracts and other financial benefits. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individ-uals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citi-zens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to elimi-nate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. S. 2924 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2924, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United States Senator Max Cleland. 
S. 2968 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2968, a bill to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 483 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 483, a resolution designating June 20, 2016, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and celebrating the recovery and res-toration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States. 
S. RES. 486 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 486, a resolution commemorating ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October 2016. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4383 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4383 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4417 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4417 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4458 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4458 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.002 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3796 June 10, 2016 
the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4490 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4490 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4550 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4550 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4629 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4629 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4641 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4641 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3048. A bill to withdraw certain Federal land located in Malheur Coun-ty, Oregon, from all forms of entry, ap-propriation, or disposal under the pub-lic land laws, location, entry, and pat-ent under the mining laws, and oper-ation under the mineral leasing laws, to provide for the conduct of certain economic activities in Malheur Coun-ty, Oregon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I am introducing the Southeastern Or-egon Mineral Withdrawal and Eco-nomic Preservation and Development Act to provide a boost to the rural Or-egon economy and to protect the world-renowned Southeastern Oregon landscape. I am pleased to introduce this bill with my colleague from Or-egon, Senator JEFFMERKLEY . In Southeastern Oregon, the high desert landscape is home to hundreds of millions of acres of public lands that have hosted cattle ranching and visi-tors and locals for generations. These lands are supported by Oregonians who grew up there and who rely on them as a long-time linchpin for their local economies. The equation is simple: Healthy public lands mean healthy economies in this part of Oregon. And outside threats to those lands place local economies in peril. I understand that companies, includ-ing foreign companies, want to come into Southeastern Oregon to explore for minerals, including uranium. This is deeply troubling because these min-ing operations are dangerous—to the existing local economies as well as to the environment, over all. By poten-tially hamstringing the creation of jobs in agriculture and recreation, and stunting the growth of small busi-nesses, blocking mining in these areas protects this local potential. Senator M
ERKLEY and I are intro-ducing this bill because the risks posed by mineral exploration to the commu-nities and their way of life are far too great to roll the dice. Not only does our bill protect more than 2 million acres from mineral ex-ploration and extraction, it creates and expands programs to support South-eastern Oregon communities so they can grow their economies and build on their strengths. These programs in-clude grants to develop modern and ef-ficient water storage systems to keep livestock out of rivers and streams and reduce the need to transport water. They also include infrastructure grants to improve roads for farmers and agri-culture-related businesses, as well as job training for veterans and young people get started in agriculture. Fi-nally, our bill would address broader economic issues by establishing an Ag-riculture Center of Excellence to ex-pand local agriculture research, pro-viding additional assistance to local and rural firefighters, improving water and wastewater systems, and deploying broadband service and cellphone tow-ers. With these investments in South-eastern Oregon, communities can cre-ate jobs, train a new generation of workers, and modernize their econo-mies. All those gains can be achieved while protecting Malheur County’s nat-ural landscape and ensuring that the historic uses of the land can continue without interruption from harmful mining operations. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 488—RECOG-NIZING THE HISTORICAL SIG-NIFICANCE AND THE 50TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE ‘‘JAMES H. MEREDITH MARCH AGAINST FEAR’’, A 220-MILE WALK DOWN HIGHWAY 51 FROM MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE, TO JACKSON, MIS-SISSIPPI Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 488 Whereas the Supreme Court of the United States, in Brown v. Board of Education, 347 U.S. 483 (1954), ruled that separating children in public schools on the basis of race violates the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; Whereas in the years following Brown v. Board of Education, 347 U.S. 483 (1954), some Southern States, including the State of Mis-sissippi, continued to uphold racial segrega-tion; Whereas, in 1962, the first African-Amer-ican integrated the University of Mississippi (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Ole Miss’’); Whereas, in 1965, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (52 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.), which passed Congress with bipartisan support and was signed by President Lyndon Johnson, prohib-ited racial discrimination in voting; Whereas, in 1966, 4 years after integration, the first African-American student at Ole Miss planned a 220-mile march from Mem-phis, Tennessee, to Jackson, Mississippi (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Meredith March Against Fear’’)— (1) to challenge the fear that dominated the day-to-day lives of African-Americans in the Southern United States, specifically in the State of Mississippi; and (2) to encourage the 450,000 unregistered African-Americans in the State of Mis-sissippi to register to vote and to go to the polls; Whereas, on June 5, 1966, the historic Mere-dith March Against Fear began at the Pea-body Hotel in downtown Memphis, Ten-nessee; Whereas the self-reliant and determined leader of the Meredith March Against Fear carried no food, clothing, or sleeping bag, and was joined only by a small number of Af-rican-American supporters and Whites from the North; Whereas on reaching the border between the States of Tennessee and Mississippi, the marchers were greeted with hostility; Whereas, on June 6, 1966, the Meredith March Against Fear continued south along United States Highway 51 through DeSoto County toward the town of Hernando, Mis-sissippi; Whereas 150 African-American men and women greeted the marchers at the town square in Hernando, Mississippi; Whereas the visit of the marchers to Hernando, Mississippi, embodied the purpose of the Meredith March Against Fear, ‘‘to ex-plain [to African Americans] that the old order was passing, that they should stand up as men with nothing to fear’’; Whereas, on June 6, 1966, about 1 mile south of Hernando, Mississippi, the leader of the Meredith March Against Fear was shot 3 times by an attempted assassin; Whereas, on June 7, 1966, national civil rights leaders, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Floyd McKissick, and Stokely Car-michael, resumed the Meredith March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.006 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3797 June 10, 2016 
Against Fear while their leader recovered from the attempted assassination; Whereas, over the next 3 weeks, the march-ers weathered violence and tear gas, but ac-complished what the Meredith March Against Fear set out to accomplish; Whereas voter rallies and drives along United States Highway 51 resulted in more than 4,000 African-Americans registering to vote; Whereas the Meredith March Against Fear featured many African-Americans defying the intimidation of hostile Whites; Whereas, on June 25, 1966, the leader of the Meredith March Against Fear, along with 125 allies, resumed the march from the Canton, Mississippi, courthouse, located 15 miles north of Jackson, Mississippi; Whereas the number of marchers doubled to approximately 250 by the time the Mere-dith March Against Fear reached the city limits of Canton, Mississippi; Whereas 1 mile north of Tougaloo College, the marchers were met by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and hundreds of additional fol-lowers; Whereas hundreds of supporters were led through the iron-rod gate at the main en-trance to the Tougaloo campus in Jackson, Mississippi; Whereas, on June 26, 1966, the Meredith March Against Fear concluded with a walk from Tougaloo College to the Mississippi State Capitol building in Jackson, Mis-sissippi; Whereas approximately 15,000 individuals attended the climactic conclusion of the Meredith March Against Fear, making it the largest civil rights demonstration in the his-tory of the State of Mississippi; and Whereas the self-sufficiency and resolve that motivated the Meredith March Against Fear made its leader a revolutionary and a powerful figure in the history of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the 50th anniversary of the ‘‘James H. Meredith March Against Fear’’; (2) recognizes the discipline and focus re-quired to complete the James H. Meredith March Against Fear during the most conten-tious decade in the Civil Rights Movement to encourage African-Americans to defy intimi-dation and register voters; and (3) acknowledges the significance of the James H. Meredith March Against Fear. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 489—HON-ORING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVE-MENTS OF MUHAMMAD ALI Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. M
CCONNELL ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 489 Whereas Muhammad Ali was an Olympic gold medalist; Whereas the athletic legacy of Muhammad Ali is cemented by a 21-year professional ca-reer amid a golden age of boxing, in which he amassed a record of 56–5 with 37 knockouts; Whereas Muhammad Ali was the first indi-vidual ever to capture the World Heavy-weight Title 3 times; Whereas Muhammad Ali memorably recap-tured the world title in the ‘‘Rumble in the Jungle’’ on October 30, 1974, when he knocked out then-undefeated World Heavy-weight Champion George Foreman; Whereas Muhammad Ali successfully de-fended his title 10 times, perhaps most fa-mously during the ‘‘Thrilla in Manila’’ on October 1, 1975; Whereas Muhammad Ali showed, beyond his impressive fighting prowess in the boxing ring, even greater courage and tenacity as an advocate outside the ring; Whereas Muhammad Ali was a great phi-lanthropist and a widely recognized advocate of peace, equality, and freedom; Whereas Muhammad Ali remains an icon of freedom of conscience; Whereas Muhammad Ali was a prominent African American of the Muslim faith, and was and continues to be a role model to the citizens of the United States of all races, ethnicities, and religions; Whereas Muhammad Ali used his fame to advocate for humanitarian causes in audi-ences with world leaders, such as Pope John Paul II, the Dalai Lama, and multiple presi-dents of the United States; and Whereas Muhammad Ali inspired people around the globe in displaying the same vi-brant and larger-than-life character and dedication in spite of his physical ailments: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate honors the life of Muhammad Ali and his achievements as an athlete, philanthropist, and humanitarian. f SENATE RESOLUTION 490—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT AMBUSH MAR-KETING ADVERSELY AFFECTS THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC TEAMS Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mr. B ENNET , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 490 Whereas the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games will occur on August 5, 2016, through August 21, 2016, and September 7, 2016, through September 18, 2016, respectively, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Whereas more than 10,500 athletes from 206 nations will compete in 28 Olympic sports and 4,350 Paralympic athletes from 176 na-tions will compete in 23 Paralympic sports; Whereas American athletes have spent countless days, months, and years training to earn a spot on the United States Olympic or Paralympic teams; Whereas the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act (36 U.S.C. 220501 et seq.)— (1) established the United States Olympic Committee as the coordinating body for all Olympic and Paralympic athletic activity in the United States; (2) gave the United States Olympic Com-mittee the exclusive right in the United States to use the words ‘‘Olympic’’, ‘‘Olym-piad’’, ‘‘Paralympic’’, and ‘‘Paralympiad’’, the emblem of the United States Olympic Committee, and the symbols of the Inter-national Olympic Committee and the Inter-national Paralympic Committee; and (3) empowered the United States Olympic Committee to authorize sponsors that con-tribute to the United States Olympic or Paralympic teams to use any trademark, symbol, insignia, or emblem of the Inter-national Olympic Committee, the Inter-national Paralympic Committee, the Pan- American Sports Organization, or the United States Olympic Committee; Whereas Team USA is significantly funded by 36 sponsors who ensure that the United States has the best Olympic and Paralympic teams possible; Whereas in recent years, a number of enti-ties in the United States have engaged in marketing strategies that appear to affiliate themselves with the Olympic and Paralympic Games without becoming official sponsors of Team USA; Whereas any ambush marketing in viola-tion of the Lanham Act (15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.) undermines sponsorship activities and creates consumer confusion around official Olympic and Paralympic sponsors; and Whereas ambush marketing impedes the goals of the Ted Stevens Olympic and Ama-teur Sports Act (36 U.S.C. 220501 et seq.) to fund the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams through official sponsor-ships: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) official sponsor support is critical to the success of Team USA at all international competitions; and (2) ambush marketing adversely affects the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams and their ability to attract and retain corporate sponsorships. f SENATE RESOLUTION 491—DESIG-NATING JUNE 12, 2016, AS A NA-TIONAL DAY OF RACIAL AMITY AND RECONCILIATION Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B URR, and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 491 Whereas the greatest asset of the United States is the people of the United States; Whereas the motto on the Great Seal of the United States is E Pluribus Unum, ‘‘out of many, one’’; Whereas the United States is comprised of multicultural, multiethnic, and multiracial people; Whereas friendship, collegiality, civility, respect, and kindness are commonly shared ideals of the people of the United States; and Whereas organizations and communities across the United States, motivated by the ideals behind the motto of E Pluribus Unum, have joined together in introspection and re-flection on how the diversity of the people of the United States has been indispensable in creating the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 12, 2016, as a national day of racial amity and reconciliation; (2) supports all people of the United States who join in activities in support of the goals and ideals of racial amity; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 492—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF JUNE 6 THROUGH JUNE 12, 2016, AS ‘‘HEMP HISTORY WEEK’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. M CCONNELL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 492 Whereas Hemp History Week will be held from June 6 through June 12, 2016; Whereas the goals of Hemp History Week are to commemorate the historical relevance of industrial hemp in the United States and to promote the full growth potential of the industrial hemp industry; Whereas industrial hemp is an agricultural commodity that has been used for centuries to produce many innovative industrial and consumer products, including soap, fabric, textiles, construction materials, clothing, paper, cosmetics, food, and beverages; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.001 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3798 June 10, 2016 
Whereas the global market for hemp is es-timated to consist of more than 25,000 prod-ucts; Whereas the value of hemp imported into the United States for use in the production of other retail products is estimated at ap-proximately $76,000,000 annually; Whereas the United States hemp industry estimates that the annual market value of hemp retail sales in the United States is more than $570,000,000; Whereas despite the legitimate uses of hemp, many agricultural producers of the United States are prohibited under current law from growing hemp; Whereas because most hemp cannot be grown legally in the United States, raw hemp material and hemp products are im-ported for sale in the United States; Whereas the United States is the largest consumer of hemp products in the world, but the United States is the only major industri-alized country that restricts hemp farming; and Whereas industrial hemp holds great po-tential to bolster the agricultural economy of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of June 6 through June 12, 2016, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’; (2) recognizes the historical relevance of industrial hemp; and (3) recognizes the growing economic poten-tial of industrial hemp. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4670. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4607 sub-mitted by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4671. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4672. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 4253 submitted by Mrs. S
HAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ) and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4673. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4609 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4674. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4608 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) and in- tended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4675. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4676. Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4253 sub-mitted by Mrs. S
HAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ) and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4677. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4678. Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. HELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4670. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4607 submitted by Mr. M
CCAINto the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, between lines 3 and 4, insert the following: 
SEC. 829B. COMPETITIVE PROCUREMENT AND PHASE OUT OF ROCKET ENGINES FROM THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION IN THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM FOR SPACE LAUNCH OF NATIONAL SECU-RITY SATELLITES. 
(a) I NEFFECTIVENESS OF SUPERSEDED RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Sections 1036 and 1037 shall have no force or effect, and the amendments proposed to be made by section 1037 shall not be made. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Any competition for a contract for the provision of launch services for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program shall be open for award to all cer-tified providers of evolved expendable launch vehicle-class systems. (c) A
WARD OF CONTRACTS .—In awarding a contract under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense— (1) subject to paragraph (2) and subsection (d), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, may, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2022, award the con-tract to a provider of launch services that in-tends to use any certified launch vehicle in its inventory without regard to the country of origin of the rocket engine that will be used on that launch vehicle; and (2) may only award contracts utilizing an engine designed or manufactured in the Rus-sian Federation for phase 1(a) and phase 2 evolved expendable launch vehicle procure-ments. (d) L
IMITATION .—The total number of rock-et engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation and used on launch vehi-cles for the evolved expendable launch vehi-cle program shall not exceed 18. 
SA 4671. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1036 and 1037 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1036. COMPETITIVE PROCUREMENT AND PHASE OUT OF ROCKET ENGINES FROM THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION IN THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM FOR SPACE LAUNCH OF NATIONAL SECU-RITY SATELLITES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any competition for a contract for the provision of launch services for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program shall be open for award to all cer-tified providers of evolved expendable launch vehicle-class systems. (b) AWARD OF CONTRACTS .—In awarding a contract under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense— (1) subject to paragraph (2) and subsection (c), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, may, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2022, award the con-tract to a provider of launch services that in-tends to use any certified launch vehicle in its inventory without regard to the country of origin of the rocket engine that will be used on that launch vehicle; and (2) may only award countracts utilizing an engine designed or manufactured in the Rus-sian Federation for phase 1(a) and phase 2 evolved expendable launch vehicle procure-ments. (c) L
IMITATION .—The total number of rock-et engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation and used on launch vehi-cles for the evolved expendable launch vehi-cle program shall not exceed 18. 
SA 4672. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V
ITTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4253 submitted by Mrs. S
HAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V ITTER ) and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: DIVISION F—SBIR AND STTR REAUTHORIZATION AND IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016’’. TITLE LXI—REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAMS 
SEC. 6101. PERMANENCY OF SBIR PROGRAM AND STTR PROGRAM. 
(a) SBIR.—Section 9(m) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(m)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘T
ERMINATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘SBIR P RO-
GRAM AUTHORIZATION ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘terminate on September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘be in effect for each fiscal year’’. (b) STTR.—Section 9(n)(1)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’. TITLE LXII—ENHANCED SMALL BUSINESS ACCESS TO FEDERAL INNOVATION IN-VESTMENTS 
SEC. 6201. ALLOCATION INCREASES AND TRANS-PARENCY IN BASE CALCULATION. 
(a) SBIR.—Section 9(f) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expend’’ and inserting ‘‘ob-ligate for expenditure’’; (B) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘in fis-cal year 2017 and each fiscal year there-after,’’ and inserting ‘‘in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.015 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3799 June 10, 2016 
(D) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) for a Federal agency other than the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, or the Department of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(i) not less than 3.4 percent of the extra-mural budget for research or research and development of the Federal agency in fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(ii) not less than 3.6 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(iii) not less than 3.8 percent of such ex-tramural budget in fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(iv) not less than 4 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(v) not less than 4.2 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(vi) not less than 4.4 percent of such ex-tramural budget in fiscal year 2027; and ‘‘(vii) not less than 4.54 percent of such ex-tramural budget in fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year thereafter; ‘‘(K) for the Department of Defense— ‘‘(i) not less than 2.6 percent of the budget for research, development, test, and evalua-tion of the Department of Defense in fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(ii) not less than 2.7 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(iii) not less than 2.8 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(iv) not less than 2.9 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(v) not less than 3 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(vi) not less than 3.1 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2027; ‘‘(vii) not less than 3.2 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2028; ‘‘(viii) not less than 3.3 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2029; ‘‘(ix) not less than 3.4 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2030; and ‘‘(x) not less than 3.5 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2031 and each fiscal year thereafter; and ‘‘(L) for the National Science Foundation and the Department of Health and Human Services, for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the percentage of the extramural budg-et for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the percentage in effect under this paragraph for the National Science Founda-tion or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, for the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(II)(aa) 0.04 percent; or ‘‘(bb) if the extramural budget for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, for the fiscal year is not less than 103 percent of such extramural budget for the previous fis-cal year, 0.2 percent; or ‘‘(ii) 4.5 percent of the extramural budget for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the De-partment of Health and Human Services, re-spectively,’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘(or for the Department of Defense, an amount of the budget for basic research of the Department of Defense)’’ after ‘‘research’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or for the Department of Defense an amount of the budget for research, development, test, and evaluation of the Department of Defense)’’ after ‘‘of the agency’’. (b) STTR.—Section 9(n)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘expend’’ and inserting ‘‘obligate for expenditure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not less than the percent-age of that extramural budget specified in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for a Fed-eral agency other than the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, or the Department of Health and Human Services, not less than the percentage of that extramural budget specified in subpara-graph (B), for the Department of Defense, not less than the percentage of the budget for research, development, test, and evalua-tion of the Department of Defense specified in subparagraph (B), and for the National Science Foundation and the Department of Health and Human Services, not less than the percentage of that extramural budget specified in subparagraph (C)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-ing ‘‘
OTHER THAN FOR NSF AND HHS ’’ after ‘‘
AMOUNTS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the extramural budget required to be expended by an agency’’ and inserting ‘‘the extramural budget, for a Federal agen-cy other than the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, or the De-partment of Health and Human Services, and of the budget for research, development, test, and evaluation, for the Department of Defense, required to be obligated for expendi-ture with small business concerns’’; (C) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021;’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) 0.5 percent for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(vii) 0.55 percent for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(viii) 0.6 percent for fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(ix) 0.65 percent for fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(x) 0.7 percent for fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(xi) 0.75 percent for fiscal year 2027; ‘‘(xii) 0.8 percent for fiscal year 2028; ‘‘(xiii) 0.85 percent for fiscal year 2029; ‘‘(xiv) 0.9 percent for fiscal year 2030; and ‘‘(xv) 0.95 percent for fiscal year 2031 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) E
XPENDITURE AMOUNTS FOR NSF AND  
HHS.—The percentage of the extramural budget required to be expended by the Na-tional Science Foundation and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, 0.45 percent; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the percentage of the extramural budg-et for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, equal to the sum of— ‘‘(aa) the percentage in effect under this paragraph for the National Science Founda-tion or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, for the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) 0 percent; or ‘‘(BB) if the extramural budget for re-search or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, respec-tively, for the fiscal year is not less than 103 percent of such extramural budget for the previous fiscal year, 0.05 percent; or ‘‘(II) 0.95 percent of the extramural budget for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the De-partment of Health and Human Services, re-spectively.’’. SEC. 6202. REGULAR OVERSIGHT OF AWARD AMOUNTS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF AUTOMATIC INFLATION  A
DJUSTMENTS .—Section 9(j) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(D), by inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ after ‘‘every year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) 2016 
MODIFICATIONS FOR DOLLAR VALUE  
OF AWARDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016, the Administrator shall modify the pol-icy directives issued under this subsection to— ‘‘(A) eliminate the annual adjustments for inflation of the dollar value of awards de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D); and ‘‘(B) clarify that Congress intends to re-view the dollar value of awards every 3 fiscal years.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING REG-
ULAR REVIEW OF THE AWARD SIZES.—It is the sense of Congress that for fiscal year 2019, and every third fiscal year thereafter, Con-gress should evaluate whether the maximum award sizes under the Small Business Inno-vation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) should be adjusted and, if so, take appropriate action to direct that such ad-justments be made under the policy direc-tives issued under subsection (j) of such sec-tion. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF SEQUENTIAL PHASE II A
WARDS .—Section 9(ff) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(ff)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
LARIFICATION OF SEQUENTIAL PHASE II  
AWARDS .—The head of a Federal agency shall ensure that any sequential Phase II award is made in accordance with the limitations on award sizes under subsection (aa). ‘‘(4) C
ROSS-AGENCY SEQUENTIAL PHASE II  
AWARDS .—A small business concern that re-ceives a sequential Phase II SBIR or Phase II STTR award for a project from a Federal agency is eligible to receive an additional se-quential Phase II award that continues work on that project from another Federal agen-cy.’’. TITLE LXIII—COMMERCIALIZATION IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 6301. PERMANENCY OF THE COMMER-CIALIZATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR CIVILIAN AGENCIES. 
Section 9(gg) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(gg)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OMMER -
CIALIZATION DEVELOPMENT AWARDS ’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2), (7), and (8); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively; (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘commercialization develop-ment program’ means a program established by a covered Federal agency under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered Federal agency’— ‘‘(i) means a Federal agency participating in the SBIR program or the STTR program; and ‘‘(ii) does not include the Department of Defense.’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘pilot program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercialization development program’’. 
SEC. 6302. ENFORCEMENT OF NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS GOAL FOR FEDERAL RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 9(h) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(h)) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3800 June 10, 2016 
‘‘(h) N ATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS GOAL FOR  F
EDERAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with Federal agencies, shall es-tablish a Governmentwide goal for each fis-cal year, which shall be not less than 10 per-cent, for the percentage of the amounts made available for research or research and development that shall be obligated for fund-ing agreements— ‘‘(A) with small business concerns; or ‘‘(B) that will facilitate the development of research and development small business concerns. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY GOALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Fed-eral agency which has a budget for research or research and development in excess of $20,000,000, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, shall establish a goal for the Federal agency for each fiscal year that is appro-priate to the mission of the Federal agency for the percentage of such budget that shall be obligated for funding agreements— ‘‘(i) with small business concerns; or ‘‘(ii) that will facilitate the development of research and development small business concerns. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The head of a Federal agency may not establish a percentage goal under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year that is less than the percentage goal that was es-tablished under subparagraph (A) for the Federal agency for the previous fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6303. TRACKING RAPID INNOVATION FUND AWARDS IN ANNUAL CONGRES-SIONAL REPORT. 
Section 9(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(7)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (G), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) information regarding awards under the Rapid Innovation Program under section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note), including— ‘‘(i) the number and dollar amount of awards made under the Rapid Innovation Program to business concerns receiving an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program; ‘‘(ii) the proportion of awards under the Rapid Innovation Program made to business concerns receiving an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program; ‘‘(iii) the proportion of awards under the Rapid Innovation Program made to small business concerns; and ‘‘(iv) a projection of the effect on the num-ber of awards under the Rapid Innovation Program if amounts to carry out the pro-gram were made available as a fixed alloca-tion of the amount appropriated to the De-partment of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, excluding amounts appropriated for the defense univer-sities;’’. 
SEC. 6304. PROTECTING INNOVATIVE TECH-NOLOGIES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) P
ROTECTING INNOVATIVE TECH-
NOLOGIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OST-REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B)(ii), the cost of seeking protection for in-tellectual property, including a trademark, copyright, or patent, that was created through work performed under an STTR award that uses a cost-reimbursement con-tract or an SBIR award that uses a cost-re-imbursement contract is allowable as an in-direct cost under that award. ‘‘(B) CLARIFICATION OF PATENT COSTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal agency shall not directly or indirectly inhibit, through the policies, directives, or practices of the Federal agency, an otherwise eligible small business concern performing under an award described in subparagraph (A) from recov-ering patent costs incurred as requirements under that award, including— ‘‘(I) the costs of preparing— ‘‘(aa) invention disclosures; ‘‘(bb) reports; and ‘‘(cc) other documents; ‘‘(II) the costs for searching the art to the extent necessary to make the invention dis-closures; ‘‘(III) other costs in connection with the filing and prosecution of a United States pat-ent application where title or royalty-free li-cense is to be conveyed to the Federal Gov-ernment; and ‘‘(IV) general counseling services relating to patent matters, including advice on pat-ent laws, regulations, clauses, and employee agreements. ‘‘(ii) R
ECOVERY LIMITATIONS .—The patent costs described in clause (i) shall be allow-able for technology developed under a— ‘‘(I) Phase I award, as indirect costs in an amount not greater than $5,000; ‘‘(II) Phase II award, as indirect costs in an amount not greater than $15,000; and ‘‘(III) Phase III award in which the Federal Government has government purpose rights (as defined in section 227.7103-5 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations). ‘‘(2) F
IRM FIXED -PRICE CONTRACTS .—An oth- erwise eligible small business concern per-forming under an STTR award that uses a firm fixed-price contract or an SBIR award that uses a firm fixed-price contract may re-cover fair and reasonable costs arising from seeking protection for intellectual property, including a trademark, copyright, or patent, that was created through work performed under that award.’’. 
SEC. 6305. ANNUAL GAO AUDIT OF COMPLIANCE WITH COMMERCIALIZATION GOALS. 
Section 9(nn) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(nn)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(nn) A
NNUAL GAO R EPORT ON GOVERN -
MENT COMPLIANCE WITHGOALS , INCENTIVES , 
ANDPHASE III P REFERENCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016, and every year thereafter until the date that is 5 years after the date of en-actment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthoriza-tion and Improvement Act of 2016, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(1) discusses the status of the compliance of Federal agencies with the requirements or authorities established under— ‘‘(A) subsection (h), relating to the estab-lishment by certain Federal agencies of a goal for funding agreements for research and research and development with small busi-ness concerns; ‘‘(B) subsection (y)(5)(A), relating to the requirement for the Department of Defense to establish goals for the transition of Phase III technologies in subcontracting plans; ‘‘(C) subsection (y)(5)(B), relating to the re-quirement for the Department of Defense to establish procedures for a prime contractor to report the number and dollar amount of contracts with small business concerns for Phase III SBIR projects or STTR projects of the prime contractor; and ‘‘(D) subsection (y)(6), relating to the re-quirement for the Department of Defense to set a goal to increase the number of Phase II SBIR and STTR contracts that transition into programs of record or fielded systems; ‘‘(2) includes, for a Federal agency that is in compliance with a requirement described under paragraph (1), a description of how the Federal agency achieved compliance; and ‘‘(3) includes a list, organized by Federal agency, of small business concerns that have asserted that— ‘‘(A) the Government or prime con-tractor— ‘‘(i) did not protect the intellectual prop-erty of the small business concern in accord-ance with data rights under the SBIR or STTR award; or ‘‘(ii) issued a Phase III SBIR or STTR award conditional on relinquishing data rights; ‘‘(B) the Federal agency solicited bids for a contract, or provided funding to an entity other than the small business concern re-ceiving the SBIR or STTR award, that was for work that derived from, extended, or completed efforts made under prior funding agreements under the SBIR program or STTR program; ‘‘(C) the Government or prime contractor did not comply with the SBIR and STTR pol-icy directives and the small business concern filed a comment or complaint to the Office of the National Ombudsman or appealed to the Administrator for intervention; or ‘‘(D) the Federal agency did not comply with subsection (g)(12) or (o)(16) requiring timely notice to the Administrator of any case or controversy before any Federal judi-cial or administrative tribunal concerning the SBIR program or the STTR program of the Federal agency.’’. SEC. 6306. CLARIFYING THE PHASE III PREF-ERENCE. 
Section 9(r) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(r)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4); (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4), and transferring such paragraph to after paragraph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) P
HASE III AWARD DIRECTION FOR AGEN -
CIES AND PRIME CONTRACTORS .—To the great-est extent practicable, Federal agencies and Federal prime contractors shall issue Phase III awards relating to technology, including sole source awards and awards under the De-fense Research and Development Rapid Inno-vation Program under section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note), to the SBIR and STTR award recipients that developed the technology.’’. 
SEC. 6307. IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSINESS ASSISTANCE. 
Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more ven-dors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘as-sistance services’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, mar-ket research, market validation, and devel-opment of regulatory plans and manufac-turing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3801 June 10, 2016 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more ven-dors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place it appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$6,500 per project’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$35,000 per project’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipi-ent’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which may, as determined appropriate by the head of the Federal agency, be included as part of the re-cipient’s award or be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’; (D) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Business-related services aimed at improv-ing the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organiza-tion or an agency of or other entity estab-lished or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are com-mercializing technology.’’; (E) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘provides’’ and inserting ‘‘provide’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Administrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by small business concerns with respect to multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6308. EXTENSION OF PHASE 0 PROOF OF CONCEPT PARTNERSHIP PILOT. 
Section 9(jj) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(jj)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘The Direc-tor’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than February 1, 2019, the Director’’; and (2) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. TITLE LXIV—PROGRAM DIVERSIFICATION INITIATIVES 
SEC. 6401. REGIONAL SBIR STATE COLLABO-RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (mm)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (ii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (J), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) funding for improvements that in-crease commonality across data systems, re-duce redundancy, and improve data over-sight and accuracy.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS ; FAST PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered Federal agency’ means a Fed-eral agency that— ‘‘(i) is required to conduct an SBIR pro-gram; and ‘‘(ii) elects to use the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the Federal agency for the purposes described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each covered Federal agency shall transfer an amount equal to 15 percent of the funds that are used for the purposes described in paragraph (1) to the Administration— ‘‘(i) for the Regional SBIR State Collabo-rative Initiative Pilot Program established under subsection (uu); ‘‘(ii) for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under sec-tion 34; and ‘‘(iii) to support the Office of the Adminis-tration that administers the SBIR program and the STTR program, subject to agree-ment from other agencies about how the funds will be used, in carrying out those pro-grams and the programs described in clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(8) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of amounts provided to the Administration under paragraph (7), not less than $5,000,000 shall be used to provide awards under the Regional SBIR State Col-laborative Initiative Pilot Program estab-lished under subsection (uu) for each fiscal year in which the program is in effect. ‘‘(B) D
ISBURSEMENT FLEXIBILITY .—The Ad- ministration may use any unused funds made available under subparagraph (A) as of April 1 of each fiscal year for awards to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (7)(B) after providing written notice to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’; and (2) by adding after subsection (tt), as added by section 6304 of this Act, the following: ‘‘(uu) R
EGIONAL SBIR S TATE COLLABO -
RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a research institution; and ‘‘(ii) a small business concern; ‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible State’ means— ‘‘(i) a State that the Administrator deter-mines is in the bottom half of States, based on the average number of annual SBIR pro-gram awards made to companies in the State for the preceding 3 years for which the Ad-ministration has applicable data; and ‘‘(ii) an EPSCoR State that— ‘‘(I) is a State described in clause (i); or ‘‘(II) is— ‘‘(aa) not a State described in clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) invited to participate in a regional collaborative; ‘‘(C) the term ‘EPSCoR State’ means a State that participates in the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research of the National Science Foundation, as es-tablished under section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g); ‘‘(D) the term ‘FAST program’ means the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under section 34; ‘‘(E) the term ‘pilot program’ means the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program established under paragraph (2); ‘‘(F) the term ‘regional collaborative’ means a collaborative consisting of eligible entities that are located in not less than 3 el-igible States; and ‘‘(G) the term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(2) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program, to be known as the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program, under which the Administrator shall provide awards to re-gional collaboratives to address the needs of small business concerns in order to be more competitive in the proposal and selection process for awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program and to increase tech-nology transfer and commercialization. ‘‘(3) G
OALS .—The goals of the pilot pro-gram are— ‘‘(A) to create regional collaboratives that allow eligible entities to work cooperatively to leverage resources to address the needs of small business concerns; ‘‘(B) to grow SBIR program and STTR pro-gram cooperative research and development and commercialization through increased awards under those programs; ‘‘(C) to increase the participation of States that have historically received a lower level of awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(D) to utilize the strengths and advan-tages of regional collaboratives to better le-verage resources, best practices, and econo-mies of scale in a region for the purpose of increasing awards and increasing the com-mercialization of the SBIR program and STTR projects; ‘‘(E) to increase the competitiveness of the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(F) to identify sources of outside funding for applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs; and ‘‘(G) to offer increased one-on-one engage-ments with companies and entrepreneurs for SBIR program and STTR program education, assistance, and successful outcomes. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A regional collaborative that desires to participate in the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Administrator an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Ad-ministrator may require. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF LEAD ELIGIBLE ENTITIES  
AND COORDINATOR .—A regional collaborative shall include in an application submitted under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the name of each lead eligible entity from each eligible State in the regional col-laborative, as designated under paragraph (5)(A); and ‘‘(ii) the name of the coordinator for the regional collaborative, as designated under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATION .—A re- gional collaborative shall include in an ap-plication submitted under subparagraph (A) an explanation as to how the activities of the regional collaborative under the pilot program would differ from other State and Federal outreach activities in each eligible State in the regional collaborative. ‘‘(5) L
EAD ELIGIBLE ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible State in a regional collaborative shall designate 1 eligi-ble entity located in the eligible State to serve as the lead eligible entity for the eligi-ble State. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION BY GOVERNOR .—Each lead eligible entity designated under sub-paragraph (A) shall be authorized to act as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3802 June 10, 2016 
the lead eligible entity by the Governor of the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(C) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each lead eligible entity designated under subparagraph (A) shall be responsible for administering the ac-tivities and program initiatives described in paragraph (7) in the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL COLLABORATIVE COORDI -
NATOR .—Each regional collaborative shall designate a coordinator from amongst the el-igible entities located in the eligible States in the regional collaborative, who shall serve as the interface between the regional col-laborative and the Administration with re-spect to measuring cross-State collaboration and program effectiveness and documenting best practices. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each regional collabo-rative that is provided an award under the pilot program may, in each eligible State in which an eligible entity of the regional col-laborative is located— ‘‘(A) establish an initiative under which first-time applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program are re-viewed by experienced, national experts in the United States, as determined by the lead eligible entity designated under paragraph (5)(A); ‘‘(B) engage national mentors on a fre-quent basis to work directly with applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, particularly during Phase II, to assist with the process of preparing and submitting a proposal; ‘‘(C) create and make available an online mechanism to serve as a resource for appli-cants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify and con-nect with Federal labs, prime government contractor companies, other industry part-ners, and regional industry cluster organiza-tions; ‘‘(D) conduct focused and concentrated outreach efforts to increase participation in the SBIR program and the STTR program by small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals (as defined in section 8(d)(3)(C)), and historically black colleges and univer-sities; ‘‘(E) administer a structured program of training and technical assistance— ‘‘(i) to prepare applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram— ‘‘(I) to compete more effectively for Phase I and Phase II awards; and ‘‘(II) to develop and implement a successful commercialization plan; ‘‘(ii) to assist eligible States focusing on transition and commercialization to win Phase III awards from public and private partners; ‘‘(iii) to create more competitive proposals to increase awards from all Federal sources, with a focus on awards under the SBIR pro-gram and the STTR program; and ‘‘(iv) to assist first-time applicants by pro-viding small grants for proof of concept re-search; and ‘‘(F) assist applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify sources of outside funding, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs. ‘‘(8) A
WARD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide an award to each eligible State in which an eligible entity of a regional col-laborative is located in an amount that is not more than $300,000 to carry out the ac-tivities described in paragraph (7). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—An eligible State may not receive an award under both the FAST program and the pilot program for the same year. ‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (i) shall be construed to prevent an el-igible State from applying for an award under the FAST program and the pilot pro-gram for the same year. ‘‘(9) D
URATION OF AWARD .—An award pro-vided under the pilot program shall be for a period of not more than 1 year, and may be renewed by the Administrator for 1 addi-tional year. ‘‘(10) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on September 30, 2021. ‘‘(11) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the pilot program and the effectiveness of the pilot program in meeting the goals described in paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) an assessment of the best practices, including an analysis of how the pilot pro-gram compares to the FAST program and a single-State approach; and ‘‘(C) recommendations as to whether any aspect of the pilot program should be ex-tended or made permanent.’’. 
SEC. 6402. FEDERAL AND STATE TECHNOLOGY PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d) is amended— (1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. TITLE LXV—OVERSIGHT AND SIMPLIFICATION INITIATIVES 
SEC. 6501. DATA REALIGNMENT AND MODERNIZA-TION. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding after sub-section (uu), as added by section 6401 of this Act, the following: ‘‘(vv) SBIR 
ANDSTTR I NTERAGENCY POLICY  C
OMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘Committee’ means the SBIR and STTR Interagency Policy Committee es-tablished under paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) the term ‘participating Federal agen-cy’ means a Federal agency with an SBIR program or an STTR program; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘phase’ means Phase I, Phase II, and Phase III. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an interagency committee to be known as the ‘SBIR and STTR Interagency Policy Committee’. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall include— ‘‘(A) 4 representatives from each partici-pating Federal agency, of which— ‘‘(i) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the SBIR program and STTR program of the Federal agency; ‘‘(ii) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the broader research and development mis-sions and programs of the Federal agency; ‘‘(iii) 1 shall have expertise with respect to marketplace commercialization or to the transition of technologies to support the missions of the Federal agency; and ‘‘(iv) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the information technology systems of the Federal agency; and ‘‘(B) 2 representatives from the Adminis-tration, of which— ‘‘(i) 1 shall serve as chairperson of the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) 1 shall be from the Information Tech-nology Development Team of the Office of Investment and Innovation of the Adminis-tration. ‘‘(4) WORKING GROUPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall es-tablish working groups as necessary to en-sure consistency and clarity between the participating Federal agencies. ‘‘(B) D
ATA REALIGNMENT AND MODERNIZA -
TION WORKING GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall es-tablish a data alignment and modernization working group, which shall review the rec-ommendations made in the report to Con-gress by the Office of Science and Tech-nology of the Administration entitled ‘SBIR/ STTR TechNet Public & Government Data-bases’, dated September 15, 2014, and the practices of participating Federal agencies to— ‘‘(I) determine how to collect data on achievements by small business concerns in each phase of the SBIR program and the STTR program and ensure collection and dis-semination of such data in a timely, effi-cient, and uniform manner; ‘‘(II) establish a uniform baseline for metrics that support improving the solicita-tion, contracting, funding, and execution of program management in the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(III) normalize formatting and database usage across participating Federal agencies; and ‘‘(IV) determine the feasibility of devel-oping a common system across all partici-pating Federal agencies and the paperwork requirements under such a common system. ‘‘(ii) M
EMBERSHIP .—Each member of the Committee shall serve as a member of the data alignment and modernization working group. ‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than Sep-tember 31, 2018, the Committee shall brief the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Small Business of the House of Representatives on the solutions identified by the working group under paragraph (4) and resources needed to execute the solu-tions.’’. 
SEC. 6502. IMPLEMENTATION OF OUTSTANDING REAUTHORIZATION PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9(mm) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)), as amended by section 6401(1) of this Act, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (9)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) S
USPENSION OF FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) F
OR FEDERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, any Federal agency that has not imple-mented each provision of law described in clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) shall continue to provide amounts to the Administration in accordance with para-graph (7)(B); and ‘‘(II) may not use any additional amounts as described in paragraph (1) until 30 days after the date on which the Federal agency submits to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives documentation dem-onstrating that the Federal agency has im-plemented and is in compliance with each provision of law described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ROVISIONS .—The provisions of law de-scribed in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3803 June 10, 2016 
‘‘(I) Subsection (r)(4), relating to Phase III preferences. ‘‘(II) Paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (y), relating to insertion goals. ‘‘(III) Subsection (g)(4)(B), relating to shortening the decision time for SBIR awards. ‘‘(IV) Subsection (o)(4)(B), relating to shortening the decision time for STTR awards. ‘‘(V) Subsection (v), relating to reducing paperwork and compliance burdens. ‘‘(B) F
OR ADMINISTRATION .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, if the Administration is not in compliance with subsection (b)(7), relating to annual reports to Congress, the Adminis-tration may not use amounts received under paragraph (7)(B) of this subsection for a pur-pose described in clause (iii) of such para-graph (7)(B).’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 9(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(7)) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by strik-ing ‘‘not less than annually’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than December 31 of each year’’. 
SEC. 6503. STRENGTHENING OF THE REQUIRE-MENT TO SHORTEN THE APPLICA-TION REVIEW AND DECISION TIME. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) make a final decision on each pro-posal submitted under the SBIR program— ‘‘(i) for the Department of Health and Human Services, not later than 1 year after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes, with a goal to reduce the review and decision time to less than 10 months by Sep-tember 30, 2019; ‘‘(ii) for the Department of Agriculture and the National Science Foundation, not later than 6 months after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(iii) for any other Federal agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(II) if the Administrator authorizes an ex-tension with respect to a solicitation, not later than 90 days after the date that would otherwise be applicable to the Federal agen-cy under subclause (I);’’; and (2) in subsection (o)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) make a final decision on each pro-posal submitted under the STTR program— ‘‘(i) for the Department of Health and Human Services, not later than 1 year after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes, with a goal to reduce the review and decision time to less than 10 months by Sep-tember 30, 2019; ‘‘(ii) for the Department of Agriculture and the National Science Foundation, not later than 6 months after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(iii) for any other Federal agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(II) if the Administrator authorizes an ex-tension with respect to a solicitation, not later than 90 days after the date that would otherwise be applicable to the Federal agen-cy under subclause (I);’’. 
SEC. 6504. CONTINUED GAO OVERSIGHT OF ALLO-CATION COMPLIANCE AND ACCU-RACY IN FUNDING BASE CALCULA-TIONS. 
Section 5136(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (15 U.S.C. 638 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘until the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and insert ‘‘until the date on which the Comp-troller General of the United States submits the report relating to fiscal year 2019’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) assess whether the change in the base funding for the Department of Defense as re-quired by subparagraphs (J) and (K) of sec-tion 9(f)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)(1))— ‘‘(i) improves transparency for determining whether the Department is complying with the allocation requirements; ‘‘(ii) reduces the burden of calculating the allocations; and ‘‘(iii) improves the compliance of the De-partment with the allocation requirements; and’’; and (3) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘under sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’. SEC. 6505. COORDINATION BETWEEN AGENCIES ON COMMERCIALIZATION ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (j), as amended by section 6202(a) of this Act, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION OF COMMERCIALIZATION  
ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall modify the policy direc-tive issued pursuant to this subsection to clarify that a small business concern receiv-ing training through the Innovation Corps program with administrative funds made available under subsection (mm) shall not receive discretionary business assistance funds for the same or similar activities as al-lowed under subsection (q).’’; and (2) in subsection (p), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION OF COMMERCIALIZATION  
ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall modify the policy direc-tive issued pursuant to this subsection to clarify that a small business concern receiv-ing training through the Innovation Corps program with administrative funds made available under subsection (mm) shall not receive discretionary business assistance funds for the same or similar activities as al-lowed under subsection (q).’’. TITLE LXVI—PARTICIPATION BY WOMEN AND MINORITIES 
SEC. 6601. SBA COORDINATION ON INCREASING OUTREACH FOR WOMEN AND MI-NORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES. 
Section 9(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to coordinate with participating agencies on efforts to increase outreach and awards under each of the SBIR and STTR programs to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4).’’. 
SEC. 6602. FEDERAL AGENCY OUTREACH RE-QUIREMENTS FOR WOMEN AND MI-NORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) implement an outreach program to small business concerns for the purpose of enhancing its SBIR program, under which the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(4); and ‘‘(B) establish goals for outreach by the Federal agency to the small business con-cerns described in subparagraph (A).’’; and (2) in subsection (o)(14), by striking ‘‘SBIR program;’’ and inserting ‘‘SBIR program, under which the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(4); and ‘‘(B) establish goals for outreach by the Federal agency to the small business con-cerns described in subparagraph (A).’’. SEC. 6603. STTR POLICY DIRECTIVE MODIFICA-TION. 
Section 9(p) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(p)), as amended by section 6505 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall mod-ify the policy directive issued pursuant to this subsection to provide for enhanced out-reach efforts to increase the participation of small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women and socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4), in technological innovation and in STTR programs.’’. 
SEC. 6604. INTERAGENCY SBIR/STTR POLICY COMMITTEE. 
Section 5124 of the SBIR/STTR Reauthor-ization Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1837) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Interagency SBIR/ STTR Policy Committee shall meet not less than twice per year to carry out the duties under subsection (c). ‘‘(2) O
UTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
ACTIVITIES .—If the Interagency SBIR/STTR Policy Committee meets to discuss outreach and technical assistance activities to in-crease the participation of small business concerns that are underrepresented in the SBIR and STTR programs, the Committee shall invite to the meeting— ‘‘(A) a representative of the Minority Busi-ness Development Agency; and ‘‘(B) relevant stakeholders that work to advance the interests of— ‘‘(i) small business concerns owned and controlled by women, as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and ‘‘(ii) socially and economically disadvan-taged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)).’’. 
SEC. 6605. DIVERSITY AND STEM WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration; (2) the term ‘‘covered STEM intern’’ means a student at, or recent graduate from, an in-stitution of higher education serving as an intern— (A) whose course of study studied is fo-cused on the STEM fields; and (B) who is a woman or a person from an underrepresented population in the STEM fields; (3) the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a small business concern that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3804 June 10, 2016 
(A) is receiving amounts under an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram of a Federal agency on the date on which the Federal agency awards a grant to the small business concern under subsection (b); and (B) provides internships for covered STEM interns; (4) the terms ‘‘Federal agency’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, and ‘‘STTR’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 9(e) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); (5) the term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given the term under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)); (6) the term ‘‘person from an underrep-resented population in the STEM fields’’ means a person from a group that is under-represented in the population of STEM stu-dents, as determined by the Administrator; (7) the term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the Di-versity and STEM Workforce Development Pilot Program established under subsection (b); (8) the term ‘‘recent graduate’’, relating to a woman or a person from an underrep-resented population in the STEM fields, means that the woman or person from an underrepresented population in the STEM fields earned an associate degree, bacca-laureate degree, or postbaccalaureate from an institution of higher education during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the in-ternship; (9) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (10) the term ‘‘STEM fields’’ means the fields of science, technology, engineering, and math. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INTERNSHIPS FOR  W
OMEN AND PEOPLE FROM UNDERREP -
RESENTED POPULATIONS .—The Administrator shall establish a Diversity and STEM Work-force Development Pilot Program to encour-age the business community to provide workforce development opportunities for covered STEM interns, under which a Fed-eral agency participating in the SBIR pro-gram or STTR program may make a grant to 1 or more eligible entities for the costs of in-ternships for covered STEM interns. (c) A
MOUNT AND USE OF GRANTS .— (1) A
MOUNT .—A grant under subsection (b)— (A) may not be in an amount of more than $15,000 per fiscal year; and (B) shall be in addition to the amount of the award to the recipient under the SBIR program or the STTR program. (2) U
SE.—Not less than 90 percent of the amount of a grant under subsection (b) shall be used by the eligible entity to provide sti-pends or other similar payments to interns. (d) E
VALUATION .—Not later than January 31 of the first calendar year after the third fiscal year during which the Administrator carries out the pilot program, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress— (1) data on the results of the pilot program, such as the number and demographics of the covered STEM interns participating in an in-ternship funded under the pilot program and the amount spent on such internships; and (2) an assessment of whether the pilot pro-gram helped the SBIR program and STTR program achieve the congressional objective of fostering and encouraging the participa-tion of women and persons from underrep-resented populations in the STEM fields. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate after the end of the fourth fiscal year during which the Administrator carries out the pilot program. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the pilot program. TITLE LXVII—TECHNICAL CHANGES SEC. 6701. UNIFORM REFERENCE TO THE DE-PARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; and (2) in subsection (dd)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Director of the National Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services’’. 
SEC. 6702. FLEXIBILITY FOR PHASE II AWARD IN-VITATIONS. 
Section 9(e)(4)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)(4)(B)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i)— (1) by striking ‘‘, which shall not include any invitation, pre-screening, or pre-selec-tion process for eligibility for Phase II,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘in which eligibility for an award shall not be based only on an invita-tion, pre-screening, or pre-selection process and’’ before ‘‘in which awards’’. 
SA 4673. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4609 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER and intended to be pro-posed to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike page 1 line 2 through page 15 line 2 and insert: 
SEC. 578. BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR EMPLOY-EES OF AGENCIES AND SCHOOLS PROVIDING ELEMENTARY AND SEC-ONDARY EDUCATION FOR DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE DEPENDENTS. 
(a) B ACKGROUND CHECKS .—Commencing not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, each covered local edu-cational agency and each Department of De-fense domestic dependent elementary and secondary school established pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, United States Code, shall have in effect policies and procedures that— (1) require that a criminal background check be conducted for each school employee of the agency or school, respectively, that includes— (A) a search of the State criminal registry or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; (B) a search of State-based child abuse and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; (C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and (D) a search of the National Sex Offender Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); (2) prohibit the employment of a school employee as a school employee at the agency or school, respectively, if such employee— (A) refuses to consent to a criminal back-ground check under paragraph (1); (B) makes a false statement in connection with such criminal background check; (C) has been convicted of a felony con-sisting of— (i) murder; (ii) child abuse or neglect; (iii) a crime against children, including child pornography; (iv) spousal abuse; (v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-sault; (vi) kidnapping; (vii) arson; or (viii) physical assault, battery, or a drug- related offense, committed on or after the date that is five years before the date of such employee’s criminal background check under paragraph (1); or (D) has been convicted of any other crime that is a violent or sexual crime against a minor; (3) require that each criminal background check conducted under paragraph (1) be peri-odically repeated or updated in accordance with policies established by the covered local educational agency or the Department of De-fense (in the case of a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary school established pursuant to sec-tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code); (4) upon request, provide each school em-ployee who has had a criminal background check under paragraph (1) with a copy of the results of the criminal background check; (5) provide for a timely process, by which a school employee of the school or agency may appeal, but which does not permit the em-ployee to be employed as a school employee during such appeal, the results of a criminal background check conducted under para-graph (1) which prohibit the employee from being employed as a school employee under paragraph (2) to— (A) challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information produced by such crimi-nal background check; and (B) establish or reestablish eligibility to be hired or reinstated as a school employee by demonstrating that the information is mate-rially inaccurate or incomplete, and has been corrected; and (6) allow the covered local educational agency or school, as the case may be, to share the results of a school employee’s criminal background check recently con-ducted under paragraph (1) with another local educational agency that is considering such school employee for employment as a school employee. (b) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .—The Attorney General, attorney general of a State, or other State law enforcement offi-cial may charge reasonable fees for con-ducting a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1), but such fees shall not ex-ceed the actual costs for the processing and administration of the criminal background check. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— The term ‘covered local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that re-ceives funds— (A) under subsection (b) or (d) of section 8003, or section 8007, of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703, 7707), as such sections are in effect be-fore the effective date for title VII of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95); or (B) under subsection (b) or (d) of section 7003, or section 7007, of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703, 7707), beginning on the effective date of such title VII. (2) S
CHOOL EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘school employee’ means— (A) a person who— (i) is an employee of, or is seeking employ-ment with— (I) a covered local educational agency; or (II) a Department of Defense domestic de-pendent elementary and secondary school es-tablished pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.019 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3805 June 10, 2016 
United States Code, such elementary and secondary school; and (ii) as a result of such employment, has (or will have) a job duty that results in unsuper-vised access to elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or (B)(i) any person, or an employee of any person, who has a contract or agreement to provide services to a covered local edu-cational agency or a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary school established pursuant to sec-tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code; and (ii) such person or employee, as a result of such contract or agreement, has a job duty that results in unsupervised access to ele-mentary school or secondary school stu-dents. 
SEC. 578A. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
SA 4674. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4608 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike page 1 line 2 through page 6 line 15 and insert: 
SEC. 578. BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR EMPLOY-EES OF AGENCIES AND SCHOOLS PROVIDING ELEMENTARY AND SEC-ONDARY EDUCATION FOR DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE DEPENDENTS. 
(a) B ACKGROUND CHECKS .—Commencing not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, each covered local edu-cational agency and each Department of De-fense domestic dependent elementary and secondary school established pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, United States Code, shall have in effect policies and procedures that— (1) require that a criminal background check be conducted for each school employee of the agency or school, respectively, that includes— (A) a search of the State criminal registry or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; (B) a search of State-based child abuse and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; (C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and (D) a search of the National Sex Offender Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); (2) prohibit the employment of a school employee as a school employee at the agency or school, respectively, if such employee— (A) refuses to consent to a criminal back-ground check under paragraph (1); (B) makes a false statement in connection with such criminal background check; (C) has been convicted of a felony con-sisting of— (i) murder; (ii) child abuse or neglect; (iii) a crime against children, including child pornography; (iv) spousal abuse; (v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-sault; (vi) kidnapping; (vii) arson; or (viii) physical assault, battery, or a drug- related offense, committed on or after the date that is five years before the date of such employee’s criminal background check under paragraph (1); or (D) has been convicted of any other crime that is a violent or sexual crime against a minor; (3) require that each criminal background check conducted under paragraph (1) be peri-odically repeated or updated in accordance with policies established by the covered local educational agency or the Department of De-fense (in the case of a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary school established pursuant to sec-tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code); (4) upon request, provide each school em-ployee who has had a criminal background check under paragraph (1) with a copy of the results of the criminal background check; (5) provide for a timely process, by which a school employee of the school or agency may appeal, but which does not permit the em-ployee to be employed as a school employee during such appeal, the results of a criminal background check conducted under para-graph (1) which prohibit the employee from being employed as a school employee under paragraph (2) to— (A) challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information produced by such crimi-nal background check; and (B) establish or reestablish eligibility to be hired or reinstated as a school employee by demonstrating that the information is mate-rially inaccurate or incomplete, and has been corrected; and (6) allow the covered local educational agency or school, as the case may be, to share the results of a school employee’s criminal background check recently con-ducted under paragraph (1) with another local educational agency that is considering such school employee for employment as a school employee. (b) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .—The Attorney General, attorney general of a State, or other State law enforcement offi-cial may charge reasonable fees for con-ducting a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1), but such fees shall not ex-ceed the actual costs for the processing and administration of the criminal background check. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— The term ‘‘covered local educational agen-cy’’ means a local educational agency that receives funds— (A) under subsection (b) or (d) of section 8003, or section 8007, of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703, 7707), as such sections are in effect be-fore the effective date for title VII of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95); or (B) under subsection (b) or (d) of section 7003, or section 7007, of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703, 7707), beginning on the effective date of such title VII. (2) S
CHOOL EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘school employee’’ means— (A) a person who— (i) is an employee of, or is seeking employ-ment with— (I) a covered local educational agency; or (II) a Department of Defense domestic de-pendent elementary and secondary school es-tablished pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, United States Code, such elementary and secondary school; and (ii) as a result of such employment, has (or will have) a job duty that results in unsuper-vised access to elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or (B)(i) any person, or an employee of any person, who has a contract or agreement to provide services to a covered local edu-cational agency or a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary school established pursuant to sec-tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code; and (ii) such person or employee, as a result of such contract or agreement, has a job duty that results in unsupervised access to ele-mentary school or secondary school stu-dents. SA 4675. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1667. INCREASED FUNDING FOR CERTAIN MISSILE DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT , D EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 101 is hereby increased by $290,000,000, with the amount of increase to be available for procurement, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4101 and available for procurement for the following: (1) Iron Dome, $20,000,000. (2) David’s Sling Weapon System, $150,000,000. (3) Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $120,000,000. (b) RDT&E, D
EFENSE -WIDE.—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 201 is hereby increased by $29,900,000, with the amount of increase to be available for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4201 and available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for the following: (1) David’s Sling Weapon System, $19,300,000. (2) Arrow 3 Upper Tier, $4,100,000. (3) Base Arrow, $6,500,000. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION OF INCREASE .—Amounts available under subsection (a) for procure-ment for items specified in subsection (a), and amounts available under subsection (b) for research, development, test, and evalua-tion for items specified in subsection (b), are in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes for such items in this Act. (d) O
FFSET .— (1) O&M, 
NAVY .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by section 301 is here-by decreased by $24,900,000, with the amount of decrease to be applied against amounts available for Operation and Maintenance, Navy, for Enterprise Information as specified in the funding table in section 4301. (2) O&M, 
DEFENSE -WIDE.—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense by sec-tion 301 is hereby decreased by $295,000,000, with the amount of decrease to be applied against savings otherwise available for Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4301 for purposes, and in amounts, as follows: (A) Foreign currency savings, $200,000,000. (B) Bulk fuel overestimation, $95,000,000. 
SA 4676. Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.022 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3806 June 10, 2016 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 4253 submitted by Mrs. S
HAHEEN (for herself and Mr. V ITTER ) and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: DIVISION F—SBIR AND STTR REAUTHORIZATION AND IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 6001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016’’. TITLE LXI—REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAMS 
SEC. 6101. PERMANENCY OF SBIR PROGRAM AND STTR PROGRAM. 
(a) SBIR.—Section 9(m) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(m)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘T
ERMINATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘SBIR P RO-
GRAM AUTHORIZATION ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘terminate on September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘be in effect for each fiscal year’’. (b) STTR.—Section 9(n)(1)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’. TITLE LXII—ENHANCED SMALL BUSINESS ACCESS TO FEDERAL INNOVATION IN-VESTMENTS 
SEC. 6201. ALLOCATION INCREASES AND TRANS-PARENCY IN BASE CALCULATION. 
(a) SBIR.—Section 9(f) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expend’’ and inserting ‘‘ob-ligate for expenditure’’; (B) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘in fis-cal year 2017 and each fiscal year there-after,’’ and inserting ‘‘in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) for a Federal agency other than the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, or the Department of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(i) not less than 3.4 percent of the extra-mural budget for research or research and development of the Federal agency in fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(ii) not less than 3.6 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(iii) not less than 3.8 percent of such ex-tramural budget in fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(iv) not less than 4 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(v) not less than 4.2 percent of such extra-mural budget in fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(vi) not less than 4.4 percent of such ex-tramural budget in fiscal year 2027; and ‘‘(vii) not less than 4.54 percent of such ex-tramural budget in fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year thereafter; ‘‘(K) for the Department of Defense— ‘‘(i) not less than 2.6 percent of the budget for research, development, test, and evalua-tion of the Department of Defense in fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(ii) not less than 2.7 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(iii) not less than 2.8 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(iv) not less than 2.9 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(v) not less than 3 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(vi) not less than 3.1 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2027; ‘‘(vii) not less than 3.2 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2028; ‘‘(viii) not less than 3.3 percent of such budget in fiscal year 2029; ‘‘(ix) not less than 3.4 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2030; and ‘‘(x) not less than 3.5 percent of such budg-et in fiscal year 2031 and each fiscal year thereafter; and ‘‘(L) for the National Science Foundation and the Department of Health and Human Services, for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the percentage of the extramural budg-et for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the percentage in effect under this paragraph for the National Science Founda-tion or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, for the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(II)(aa) 0.04 percent; or ‘‘(bb) if the extramural budget for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, for the fiscal year is not less than 103 percent of such extramural budget for the previous fis-cal year, 0.2 percent; or ‘‘(ii) 4.5 percent of the extramural budget for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the De-partment of Health and Human Services, re-spectively,’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘(or for the Department of Defense, an amount of the budget for basic research of the Department of Defense)’’ after ‘‘research’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or for the Department of Defense an amount of the budget for research, development, test, and evaluation of the Department of Defense)’’ after ‘‘of the agency’’. (b) STTR.—Section 9(n)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(n)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘expend’’ and inserting ‘‘obligate for expenditure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not less than the percent-age of that extramural budget specified in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for a Fed-eral agency other than the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, or the Department of Health and Human Services, not less than the percentage of that extramural budget specified in subpara-graph (B), for the Department of Defense, not less than the percentage of the budget for research, development, test, and evalua-tion of the Department of Defense specified in subparagraph (B), and for the National Science Foundation and the Department of Health and Human Services, not less than the percentage of that extramural budget specified in subparagraph (C)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-ing ‘‘
OTHER THAN FOR NSF AND HHS ’’ after ‘‘
AMOUNTS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the extramural budget required to be expended by an agency’’ and inserting ‘‘the extramural budget, for a Federal agen-cy other than the Department of Defense, the National Science Foundation, or the De-partment of Health and Human Services, and of the budget for research, development, test, and evaluation, for the Department of Defense, required to be obligated for expendi-ture with small business concerns’’; (C) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021;’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) 0.5 percent for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(vii) 0.55 percent for fiscal year 2023; ‘‘(viii) 0.6 percent for fiscal year 2024; ‘‘(ix) 0.65 percent for fiscal year 2025; ‘‘(x) 0.7 percent for fiscal year 2026; ‘‘(xi) 0.75 percent for fiscal year 2027; ‘‘(xii) 0.8 percent for fiscal year 2028; ‘‘(xiii) 0.85 percent for fiscal year 2029; ‘‘(xiv) 0.9 percent for fiscal year 2030; and ‘‘(xv) 0.95 percent for fiscal year 2031 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) EXPENDITURE AMOUNTS FOR NSF AND  
HHS.—The percentage of the extramural budget required to be expended by the Na-tional Science Foundation and the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, 0.45 percent; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the percentage of the extramural budg-et for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, equal to the sum of— ‘‘(aa) the percentage in effect under this paragraph for the National Science Founda-tion or the Department of Health and Human Services, respectively, for the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) 0 percent; or ‘‘(BB) if the extramural budget for re-search or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, respec-tively, for the fiscal year is not less than 103 percent of such extramural budget for the previous fiscal year, 0.05 percent; or ‘‘(II) 0.95 percent of the extramural budget for research or research and development of the National Science Foundation or the De-partment of Health and Human Services, re-spectively.’’. 
SEC. 6202. REGULAR OVERSIGHT OF AWARD AMOUNTS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF AUTOMATIC INFLATION  A
DJUSTMENTS .—Section 9(j) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(D), by inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ after ‘‘every year’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) 2016 
MODIFICATIONS FOR DOLLAR VALUE  
OF AWARDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016, the Administrator shall modify the pol-icy directives issued under this subsection to— ‘‘(A) eliminate the annual adjustments for inflation of the dollar value of awards de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D); and ‘‘(B) clarify that Congress intends to re-view the dollar value of awards every 3 fiscal years.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING REG-
ULAR REVIEW OF THE AWARD SIZES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that for fiscal year 2019, and every third fis-cal year thereafter, Congress should evaluate whether the maximum award sizes under the Small Business Innovation Research Pro-gram and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program under section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) should be adjusted and, if so, take appropriate action 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3807 June 10, 2016 
to direct that such adjustments be made under the policy directives issued under sub-section (j) of such section. (2) P
OLICY CONSIDERATIONS .—In reviewing adjustments to the maximum award sizes, Congress should take into consideration the balance of number of awards to size of awards, the missions of Federal agencies, and the technology needed to support na-tional goals. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF SEQUENTIAL PHASE II A
WARDS .—Section 9(ff) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(ff)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
LARIFICATION OF SEQUENTIAL PHASE II  
AWARDS .—The head of a Federal agency shall ensure that any sequential Phase II award is made in accordance with the limitations on award sizes under subsection (aa). ‘‘(4) C
ROSS-AGENCY SEQUENTIAL PHASE II  
AWARDS .—A small business concern that re-ceives a sequential Phase II SBIR or Phase II STTR award for a project from a Federal agency is eligible to receive an additional se-quential Phase II award that continues work on that project from another Federal agen-cy.’’. TITLE LXIII—COMMERCIALIZATION IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 6301. PERMANENCY OF THE COMMER-CIALIZATION PILOT PROGRAM FOR CIVILIAN AGENCIES. 
Section 9(gg) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(gg)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ILOT PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘C OMMER -
CIALIZATION DEVELOPMENT AWARDS ’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2), (7), and (8); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively; (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘commercialization develop-ment program’ means a program established by a covered Federal agency under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered Federal agency’— ‘‘(i) means a Federal agency participating in the SBIR program or the STTR program; and ‘‘(ii) does not include the Department of Defense.’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘pilot program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercialization development program’’. 
SEC. 6302. ENFORCEMENT OF NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS GOAL FOR FEDERAL RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 9(h) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(h)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) N
ATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS GOAL FOR  F
EDERAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with Federal agencies, shall es-tablish a Governmentwide goal for each fis-cal year, which shall be not less than 10 per-cent, for the percentage of the amounts made available for research or research and development that shall be obligated for fund-ing agreements— ‘‘(A) with small business concerns; or ‘‘(B) that will facilitate the development of research and development small business concerns. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY GOALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Fed-eral agency which has a budget for research or research and development in excess of $20,000,000, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, shall establish a goal for the Federal agency for each fiscal year that is appro-priate to the mission of the Federal agency for the percentage of such budget that shall be obligated for funding agreements— ‘‘(i) with small business concerns; or ‘‘(ii) that will facilitate the development of research and development small business concerns. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—The head of a Federal agency may not establish a percentage goal under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year that is less than the percentage goal that was es-tablished under subparagraph (A) for the Federal agency for the previous fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6303. PROTECTING INNOVATIVE TECH-NOLOGIES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) P
ROTECTING INNOVATIVE TECH-
NOLOGIES .— ‘‘(1) C
OST-REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B)(ii), the cost of seeking protection for in-tellectual property, including a trademark, copyright, or patent, that was created through work performed under an STTR award that uses a cost-reimbursement con-tract or an SBIR award that uses a cost-re-imbursement contract is allowable as an in-direct cost under that award. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION OF PATENT COSTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal agency shall not directly or indirectly inhibit, through the policies, directives, or practices of the Federal agency, an otherwise eligible small business concern performing under an award described in subparagraph (A) from recov-ering patent costs incurred as requirements under that award, including— ‘‘(I) the costs of preparing— ‘‘(aa) invention disclosures; ‘‘(bb) reports; and ‘‘(cc) other documents; ‘‘(II) the costs for searching the art to the extent necessary to make the invention dis-closures; ‘‘(III) other costs in connection with the filing and prosecution of a United States pat-ent application where title or royalty-free li-cense is to be conveyed to the Federal Gov-ernment; and ‘‘(IV) general counseling services relating to patent matters, including advice on pat-ent laws, regulations, clauses, and employee agreements. ‘‘(ii) R
ECOVERY LIMITATIONS .—The patent costs described in clause (i) shall be allow-able for technology developed under a— ‘‘(I) Phase I award, as indirect costs in an amount not greater than $5,000; ‘‘(II) Phase II award, as indirect costs in an amount not greater than $15,000; and ‘‘(III) Phase III award in which the Federal Government has government purpose rights (as defined in section 227.7103-5 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations). ‘‘(2) F
IRM FIXED -PRICE CONTRACTS .—An oth- erwise eligible small business concern per-forming under an STTR award that uses a firm fixed-price contract or an SBIR award that uses a firm fixed-price contract may re-cover fair and reasonable costs arising from seeking protection for intellectual property, including a trademark, copyright, or patent, that was created through work performed under that award.’’. 
SEC. 6304. ANNUAL GAO AUDIT OF COMPLIANCE WITH COMMERCIALIZATION GOALS. 
Section 9(nn) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(nn)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(nn) A
NNUAL GAO R EPORT ON GOVERN -
MENT COMPLIANCE WITHGOALS , INCENTIVES , 
ANDPHASE III P REFERENCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthorization and Improvement Act of 2016, and every year thereafter until the date that is 5 years after the date of en-actment of the SBIR and STTR Reauthoriza-tion and Improvement Act of 2016, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(1) discusses the status of the compliance of Federal agencies with the requirements or authorities established under— ‘‘(A) subsection (h), relating to the estab-lishment by certain Federal agencies of a goal for funding agreements for research and research and development with small busi-ness concerns; ‘‘(B) subsection (y)(5)(A), relating to the requirement for the Department of Defense to establish goals for the transition of Phase III technologies in subcontracting plans; ‘‘(C) subsection (y)(5)(B), relating to the re-quirement for the Department of Defense to establish procedures for a prime contractor to report the number and dollar amount of contracts with small business concerns for Phase III SBIR projects or STTR projects of the prime contractor; and ‘‘(D) subsection (y)(6), relating to the re-quirement for the Department of Defense to set a goal to increase the number of Phase II SBIR and STTR contracts that transition into programs of record or fielded systems; ‘‘(2) includes, for a Federal agency that is in compliance with a requirement described under paragraph (1), a description of how the Federal agency achieved compliance; and ‘‘(3) includes a list, organized by Federal agency, of small business concerns that have asserted to an appropriate Federal agency that— ‘‘(A) the Government or prime con-tractor— ‘‘(i) did not protect the intellectual prop-erty of the small business concern in accord-ance with data rights under the SBIR or STTR award; or ‘‘(ii) issued a Phase III SBIR or STTR award conditional on relinquishing data rights; ‘‘(B) the Federal agency solicited bids for a contract, or provided funding to an entity other than the small business concern re-ceiving the SBIR or STTR award, that was for work that derived from, extended, or completed efforts made under prior funding agreements under the SBIR program or STTR program; ‘‘(C) the Government or prime contractor did not comply with the SBIR and STTR pol-icy directives and the small business concern filed a comment or complaint to the Office of the National Ombudsman or appealed to the Administrator for intervention; or ‘‘(D) the Federal agency did not comply with subsection (g)(12) or (o)(16) requiring timely notice to the Administrator of any case or controversy before any Federal judi-cial or administrative tribunal concerning the SBIR program or the STTR program of the Federal agency.’’. SEC. 6305. CLARIFYING THE PHASE III PREF-ERENCE. 
Section 9(r) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(r)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4); (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4), and transferring such paragraph to after paragraph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) P
HASE III AWARD DIRECTION FOR AGEN -
CIES AND PRIME CONTRACTORS .—To the great-est extent practicable, Federal agencies and Federal prime contractors shall issue Phase III awards relating to technology, including sole source awards, to the SBIR and STTR award recipients that developed the tech-nology.’’. 
SEC. 6306. IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSINESS ASSISTANCE. 
Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3808 June 10, 2016 
(1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more ven-dors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘as-sistance services’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, mar-ket research, market validation, and devel-opment of regulatory plans and manufac-turing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more ven-dors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place it appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$6,500 per project’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$35,000 per project’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipi-ent’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which may, as determined appropriate by the head of the Federal agency, be included as part of the re-cipient’s award or be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’; (D) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Business-related services aimed at improv-ing the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organiza-tion or an agency of or other entity estab-lished or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are com-mercializing technology.’’; (E) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘provides’’ and inserting ‘‘provide’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Administrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by small business concerns with respect to multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6307. EXTENSION OF PHASE 0 PROOF OF CONCEPT PARTNERSHIP PILOT. 
Section 9(jj) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(jj)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘The Direc-tor’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than February 1, 2019, the Director’’; and (2) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. TITLE LXIV—PROGRAM DIVERSIFICATION INITIATIVES SEC. 6401. REGIONAL SBIR STATE COLLABO-RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (mm)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (ii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (J), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) funding for improvements that in-crease commonality across data systems, re-duce redundancy, and improve data over-sight and accuracy.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) SBIR 
AND STTR PROGRAMS ; FAST PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered Federal agency’ means a Fed-eral agency that— ‘‘(i) is required to conduct an SBIR pro-gram; and ‘‘(ii) elects to use the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the Federal agency for the purposes described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each covered Federal agency shall transfer an amount equal to 15 percent of the funds that are used for the purposes described in paragraph (1) to the Administration— ‘‘(i) for the Regional SBIR State Collabo-rative Initiative Pilot Program established under subsection (uu); ‘‘(ii) for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under sec-tion 34; and ‘‘(iii) to support the Office of the Adminis-tration that administers the SBIR program and the STTR program, subject to agree-ment from other agencies about how the funds will be used, in carrying out those pro-grams and the programs described in clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(8) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of amounts provided to the Administration under paragraph (7), not less than $5,000,000 shall be used to provide awards under the Regional SBIR State Col-laborative Initiative Pilot Program estab-lished under subsection (uu) for each fiscal year in which the program is in effect. ‘‘(B) D
ISBURSEMENT FLEXIBILITY .—The Ad- ministration may use any unused funds made available under subparagraph (A) as of April 1 of each fiscal year for awards to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (7)(B) after providing written notice to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’; and (2) by adding after subsection (tt), as added by section 6303 of this Act, the following: ‘‘(uu) R
EGIONAL SBIR S TATE COLLABO -
RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a research institution; and ‘‘(ii) a small business concern; ‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible State’ means— ‘‘(i) a State that the Administrator deter-mines is in the bottom half of States, based on the average number of annual SBIR pro-gram awards made to companies in the State for the preceding 3 years for which the Ad-ministration has applicable data; and ‘‘(ii) an EPSCoR State that— ‘‘(I) is a State described in clause (i); or ‘‘(II) is— ‘‘(aa) not a State described in clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) invited to participate in a regional collaborative; ‘‘(C) the term ‘EPSCoR State’ means a State that participates in the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research of the National Science Foundation, as es-tablished under section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g); ‘‘(D) the term ‘FAST program’ means the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under section 34; ‘‘(E) the term ‘pilot program’ means the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program established under paragraph (2); ‘‘(F) the term ‘regional collaborative’ means a collaborative consisting of eligible entities that are located in not less than 3 el-igible States; and ‘‘(G) the term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(2) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program, to be known as the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program, under which the Administrator shall provide awards to re-gional collaboratives to address the needs of small business concerns in order to be more competitive in the proposal and selection process for awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program and to increase tech-nology transfer and commercialization. ‘‘(3) G
OALS .—The goals of the pilot pro-gram are— ‘‘(A) to create regional collaboratives that allow eligible entities to work cooperatively to leverage resources to address the needs of small business concerns; ‘‘(B) to grow SBIR program and STTR pro-gram cooperative research and development and commercialization through increased awards under those programs; ‘‘(C) to increase the participation of States that have historically received a lower level of awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(D) to utilize the strengths and advan-tages of regional collaboratives to better le-verage resources, best practices, and econo-mies of scale in a region for the purpose of increasing awards and increasing the com-mercialization of the SBIR program and STTR projects; ‘‘(E) to increase the competitiveness of the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(F) to identify sources of outside funding for applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs; and ‘‘(G) to offer increased one-on-one engage-ments with companies and entrepreneurs for SBIR program and STTR program education, assistance, and successful outcomes. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A regional collaborative that desires to participate in the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Administrator an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Ad-ministrator may require. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF LEAD ELIGIBLE ENTITIES  
AND COORDINATOR .—A regional collaborative shall include in an application submitted under subparagraph (A)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3809 June 10, 2016 
‘‘(i) the name of each lead eligible entity from each eligible State in the regional col-laborative, as designated under paragraph (5)(A); and ‘‘(ii) the name of the coordinator for the regional collaborative, as designated under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATION .—A re- gional collaborative shall include in an ap-plication submitted under subparagraph (A) an explanation as to how the activities of the regional collaborative under the pilot program would differ from other State and Federal outreach activities in each eligible State in the regional collaborative. ‘‘(5) L
EAD ELIGIBLE ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible State in a regional collaborative shall designate 1 eligi-ble entity located in the eligible State to serve as the lead eligible entity for the eligi-ble State. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION BY GOVERNOR .—Each lead eligible entity designated under sub-paragraph (A) shall be authorized to act as the lead eligible entity by the Governor of the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(C) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each lead eligible entity designated under subparagraph (A) shall be responsible for administering the ac-tivities and program initiatives described in paragraph (7) in the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL COLLABORATIVE COORDI -
NATOR .—Each regional collaborative shall designate a coordinator from amongst the el-igible entities located in the eligible States in the regional collaborative, who shall serve as the interface between the regional col-laborative and the Administration with re-spect to measuring cross-State collaboration and program effectiveness and documenting best practices. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each regional collabo-rative that is provided an award under the pilot program may, in each eligible State in which an eligible entity of the regional col-laborative is located— ‘‘(A) establish an initiative under which first-time applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program are re-viewed by experienced, national experts in the United States, as determined by the lead eligible entity designated under paragraph (5)(A); ‘‘(B) engage national mentors on a fre-quent basis to work directly with applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, particularly during Phase II, to assist with the process of preparing and submitting a proposal; ‘‘(C) create and make available an online mechanism to serve as a resource for appli-cants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify and con-nect with Federal labs, prime government contractor companies, other industry part-ners, and regional industry cluster organiza-tions; ‘‘(D) conduct focused and concentrated outreach efforts to increase participation in the SBIR program and the STTR program by small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals (as defined in section 8(d)(3)(C)), and historically black colleges and univer-sities; ‘‘(E) administer a structured program of training and technical assistance— ‘‘(i) to prepare applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram— ‘‘(I) to compete more effectively for Phase I and Phase II awards; and ‘‘(II) to develop and implement a successful commercialization plan; ‘‘(ii) to assist eligible States focusing on transition and commercialization to win Phase III awards from public and private partners; ‘‘(iii) to create more competitive proposals to increase awards from all Federal sources, with a focus on awards under the SBIR pro-gram and the STTR program; and ‘‘(iv) to assist first-time applicants by pro-viding small grants for proof of concept re-search; and ‘‘(F) assist applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify sources of outside funding, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs. ‘‘(8) AWARD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide an award to each eligible State in which an eligible entity of a regional col-laborative is located in an amount that is not more than $300,000 to carry out the ac-tivities described in paragraph (7). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible State may not receive an award under both the FAST program and the pilot program for the same year. ‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (i) shall be construed to prevent an el-igible State from applying for an award under the FAST program and the pilot pro-gram for the same year. ‘‘(9) D
URATION OF AWARD .—An award pro-vided under the pilot program shall be for a period of not more than 1 year, and may be renewed by the Administrator for 1 addi-tional year. ‘‘(10) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on September 30, 2021. ‘‘(11) R
EPORT .—Not later than February 1, 2021, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the pilot program and the effectiveness of the pilot program in meeting the goals described in paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) an assessment of the best practices, including an analysis of how the pilot pro-gram compares to the FAST program and a single-State approach; and ‘‘(C) recommendations as to whether any aspect of the pilot program should be ex-tended or made permanent.’’. 
SEC. 6402. FEDERAL AND STATE TECHNOLOGY PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d) is amended— (1) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2001 through 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. TITLE LXV—OVERSIGHT AND SIMPLIFICATION INITIATIVES 
SEC. 6501. DATA REALIGNMENT AND MODERNIZA-TION. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding after sub-section (uu), as added by section 6401 of this Act, the following: ‘‘(vv) SBIR 
ANDSTTR I NTERAGENCY POLICY  C
OMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘Committee’ means the SBIR and STTR Interagency Policy Committee es-tablished under paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) the term ‘participating Federal agen-cy’ means a Federal agency with an SBIR program or an STTR program; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘phase’ means Phase I, Phase II, and Phase III. ‘‘(2) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established an interagency committee to be known as the ‘SBIR and STTR Interagency Policy Committee’. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall include— ‘‘(A) 4 representatives from each partici-pating Federal agency, of which— ‘‘(i) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the SBIR program and STTR program of the Federal agency; ‘‘(ii) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the broader research and development mis-sions and programs of the Federal agency; ‘‘(iii) 1 shall have expertise with respect to marketplace commercialization or to the transition of technologies to support the missions of the Federal agency; and ‘‘(iv) 1 shall have expertise with respect to the information technology systems of the Federal agency; and ‘‘(B) 2 representatives from the Adminis-tration, of which— ‘‘(i) 1 shall serve as chairperson of the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) 1 shall be from the Information Tech-nology Development Team of the Office of Investment and Innovation of the Adminis-tration. ‘‘(4) W
ORKING GROUPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall es-tablish working groups as necessary to en-sure consistency and clarity between the participating Federal agencies. ‘‘(B) D
ATA REALIGNMENT AND MODERNIZA -
TION WORKING GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall es-tablish a data alignment and modernization working group, which shall review the rec-ommendations made in the report to Con-gress by the Office of Science and Tech-nology of the Administration entitled ‘SBIR/ STTR TechNet Public & Government Data-bases’, dated September 15, 2014, and the practices of participating Federal agencies to— ‘‘(I) determine how to collect data on achievements by small business concerns in each phase of the SBIR program and the STTR program and ensure collection and dis-semination of such data in a timely, effi-cient, and uniform manner; ‘‘(II) establish a uniform baseline for metrics that support improving the solicita-tion, contracting, funding, and execution of program management in the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(III) normalize formatting and database usage across participating Federal agencies; and ‘‘(IV) determine the feasibility of devel-oping a common system across all partici-pating Federal agencies and the paperwork requirements under such a common system. ‘‘(ii) M
EMBERSHIP .—Each member of the Committee shall serve as a member of the data alignment and modernization working group. ‘‘(5) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than Sep-tember 31, 2018, the Committee shall brief the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Small Business of the House of Representatives on the solutions identified by the working group under paragraph (4) and resources needed to execute the solu-tions.’’. 
SEC. 6502. IMPLEMENTATION OF OUTSTANDING REAUTHORIZATION PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9(mm) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(mm)), as amended by section 6401(1) of this Act, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3810 June 10, 2016 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (9)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) S
USPENSION OF FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) F
OR FEDERAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, any Federal agency that has not imple-mented each provision of law described in clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) shall continue to provide amounts to the Administration in accordance with para-graph (7)(B); and ‘‘(II) may not use any additional amounts as described in paragraph (1) until 30 days after the date on which the Federal agency submits to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives documentation dem-onstrating that the Federal agency has im-plemented and is in compliance with each provision of law described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ROVISIONS .—The provisions of law de-scribed in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) Subsection (r)(4), relating to Phase III preferences. ‘‘(II) Paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (y), relating to insertion goals. ‘‘(III) Subsection (g)(4)(B), relating to shortening the decision time for SBIR awards. ‘‘(IV) Subsection (o)(4)(B), relating to shortening the decision time for STTR awards. ‘‘(V) Subsection (v), relating to reducing paperwork and compliance burdens. ‘‘(B) F
OR ADMINISTRATION .—For fiscal years 2018 and 2019, if the Administration is not in compliance with subsection (b)(7), relating to annual reports to Congress, the Adminis-tration may not use amounts received under paragraph (7)(B) of this subsection for a pur-pose described in clause (iii) of such para-graph (7)(B).’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 9(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)(7)) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by strik-ing ‘‘not less than annually’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than December 31 of each year’’. 
SEC. 6503. STRENGTHENING OF THE REQUIRE-MENT TO SHORTEN THE APPLICA-TION REVIEW AND DECISION TIME. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) make a final decision on each pro-posal submitted under the SBIR program— ‘‘(i) for the Department of Health and Human Services, not later than 1 year after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes, with a goal to reduce the review and decision time to less than 10 months by Sep-tember 30, 2019; ‘‘(ii) for the Department of Agriculture and the National Science Foundation, not later than 6 months after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(iii) for any other Federal agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(II) if the Administrator authorizes an ex-tension with respect to a solicitation, not later than 90 days after the date that would otherwise be applicable to the Federal agen-cy under subclause (I);’’; and (2) in subsection (o)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) make a final decision on each pro-posal submitted under the STTR program— ‘‘(i) for the Department of Health and Human Services, not later than 1 year after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes, with a goal to reduce the review and decision time to less than 10 months by Sep-tember 30, 2019; ‘‘(ii) for the Department of Agriculture and the National Science Foundation, not later than 6 months after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(iii) for any other Federal agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 90 days after the date on which the applicable solicitation closes; or ‘‘(II) if the Administrator authorizes an ex-tension with respect to a solicitation, not later than 90 days after the date that would otherwise be applicable to the Federal agen-cy under subclause (I);’’. SEC. 6504. CONTINUED GAO OVERSIGHT OF ALLO-CATION COMPLIANCE AND ACCU-RACY IN FUNDING BASE CALCULA-TIONS. 
Section 5136(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (15 U.S.C. 638 note) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘until the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and insert ‘‘until the date on which the Comp-troller General of the United States submits the report relating to fiscal year 2019’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) assess whether the change in the base funding for the Department of Defense as re-quired by subparagraphs (J) and (K) of sec-tion 9(f)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(f)(1))— ‘‘(i) improves transparency for determining whether the Department is complying with the allocation requirements; ‘‘(ii) reduces the burden of calculating the allocations; and ‘‘(iii) improves the compliance of the De-partment with the allocation requirements; and’’; and (3) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘under sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’. 
SEC. 6505. COORDINATION BETWEEN AGENCIES ON COMMERCIALIZATION ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (j), as amended by section 6202(a) of this Act, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION OF COMMERCIALIZATION  
ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall modify the policy direc-tive issued pursuant to this subsection to clarify that a small business concern receiv-ing training through the Innovation Corps program with administrative funds made available under subsection (mm) shall not receive discretionary business assistance funds for the same or similar activities as al-lowed under subsection (q).’’; and (2) in subsection (p), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION OF COMMERCIALIZATION  
ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall modify the policy direc-tive issued pursuant to this subsection to clarify that a small business concern receiv-ing training through the Innovation Corps program with administrative funds made available under subsection (mm) shall not receive discretionary business assistance funds for the same or similar activities as al-lowed under subsection (q).’’. TITLE LXVI—PARTICIPATION BY WOMEN AND MINORITIES 
SEC. 6601. SBA COORDINATION ON INCREASING OUTREACH FOR WOMEN AND MI-NORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES. 
Section 9(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) to coordinate with participating agencies on efforts to increase outreach and awards under each of the SBIR and STTR programs to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4).’’. SEC. 6602. FEDERAL AGENCY OUTREACH RE-QUIREMENTS FOR WOMEN AND MI-NORITY-OWNED BUSINESSES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) implement an outreach program to small business concerns for the purpose of enhancing its SBIR program, under which the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(4); and ‘‘(B) establish goals for outreach by the Federal agency to the small business con-cerns described in subparagraph (A).’’; and (2) in subsection (o)(14), by striking ‘‘SBIR program;’’ and inserting ‘‘SBIR program, under which the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in sec-tion 8(a)(4); and ‘‘(B) establish goals for outreach by the Federal agency to the small business con-cerns described in subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 6603. STTR POLICY DIRECTIVE MODIFICA-TION. 
Section 9(p) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(p)), as amended by section 6505 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall mod-ify the policy directive issued pursuant to this subsection to provide for enhanced out-reach efforts to increase the participation of small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women and socially and economi-cally disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4), in technological innovation and in STTR programs.’’. 
SEC. 6604. INTERAGENCY SBIR/STTR POLICY COMMITTEE. 
Section 5124 of the SBIR/STTR Reauthor-ization Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1837) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Interagency SBIR/ STTR Policy Committee shall meet not less than twice per year to carry out the duties under subsection (c). ‘‘(2) O
UTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
ACTIVITIES .—If the Interagency SBIR/STTR Policy Committee meets to discuss outreach and technical assistance activities to in-crease the participation of small business concerns that are underrepresented in the SBIR and STTR programs, the Committee shall invite to the meeting— ‘‘(A) a representative of the Minority Busi-ness Development Agency; and ‘‘(B) relevant stakeholders that work to advance the interests of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3811 June 10, 2016 
‘‘(i) small business concerns owned and controlled by women, as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and ‘‘(ii) socially and economically disadvan-taged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)).’’. 
SEC. 6605. DIVERSITY AND STEM WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration; (2) the term ‘‘covered STEM intern’’ means a student at, or recent graduate from, an in-stitution of higher education serving as an intern— (A) whose course of study studied is fo-cused on the STEM fields; and (B) who is a woman or a person from an underrepresented population in the STEM fields; (3) the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a small business concern that— (A) is receiving amounts under an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram of a Federal agency on the date on which the Federal agency awards a grant to the small business concern under subsection (b); and (B) provides internships for covered STEM interns; (4) the terms ‘‘Federal agency’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, and ‘‘STTR’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 9(e) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); (5) the term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given the term under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)); (6) the term ‘‘person from an underrep-resented population in the STEM fields’’ means a person from a group that is under-represented in the population of STEM stu-dents, as determined by the Administrator; (7) the term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the Di-versity and STEM Workforce Development Pilot Program established under subsection (b); (8) the term ‘‘recent graduate’’, relating to a woman or a person from an underrep-resented population in the STEM fields, means that the woman or person from an underrepresented population in the STEM fields earned an associate degree, bacca-laureate degree, or postbaccalaureate from an institution of higher education during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the in-ternship; (9) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (10) the term ‘‘STEM fields’’ means the fields of science, technology, engineering, and math. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INTERNSHIPS FOR  W
OMEN AND PEOPLE FROM UNDERREP -
RESENTED POPULATIONS .—The Administrator shall establish a Diversity and STEM Work-force Development Pilot Program to encour-age the business community to provide workforce development opportunities for covered STEM interns, under which a Fed-eral agency participating in the SBIR pro-gram or STTR program may make a grant to 1 or more eligible entities for the costs of in-ternships for covered STEM interns. (c) A
MOUNT AND USE OF GRANTS .— (1) A
MOUNT .—A grant under subsection (b)— (A) may not be in an amount of more than $15,000 per fiscal year; and (B) shall be in addition to the amount of the award to the recipient under the SBIR program or the STTR program. (2) U
SE.—Not less than 90 percent of the amount of a grant under subsection (b) shall be used by the eligible entity to provide sti-pends or other similar payments to interns. (d) EVALUATION .—Not later than January 31 of the first calendar year after the third fiscal year during which the Administrator carries out the pilot program, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress— (1) data on the results of the pilot program, such as the number and demographics of the covered STEM interns participating in an in-ternship funded under the pilot program and the amount spent on such internships; and (2) an assessment of whether the pilot pro-gram helped the SBIR program and STTR program achieve the congressional objective of fostering and encouraging the participa-tion of women and persons from underrep-resented populations in the STEM fields. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate after the end of the fourth fiscal year during which the Administrator carries out the pilot program. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out the pilot program. TITLE LXVII—TECHNICAL CHANGES 
SEC. 6701. UNIFORM REFERENCE TO THE DE-PARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices’’; and (2) in subsection (dd)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Director of the National Institutes of Health’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services’’. 
SEC. 6702. FLEXIBILITY FOR PHASE II AWARD IN-VITATIONS. 
Section 9(e)(4)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)(4)(B)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i)— (1) by striking ‘‘, which shall not include any invitation, pre-screening, or pre-selec-tion process for eligibility for Phase II,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘in which eligibility for an award shall not be based only on an invita-tion, pre-screening, or pre-selection process and’’ before ‘‘in which awards’’. 
SA 4677. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 508, strike line 10 and all that fol-lows through ‘‘(d) T
RAINING .—’’ on line 15 and insert the following: Section 2332 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .— On page 901, strike lines 8 and 9. On page 1018, strike line 13 and all that fol-lows through ‘‘(e) R
EPEAL .—’’ on line 24 and insert the following: (d) R
EPEAL .— On page 1064, line 23, strike ‘‘conducting one or more of the following’’ and insert ‘‘building the capacity of such country or countries to conduct one or more of the fol-lowing’’. On page 1124, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘G
ENERALLY .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Subject’’ on line 15 and insert the following: ‘‘G
ENERALLY .—Subject’’. On page 1124, strike lines 19 through 21. On page 1129, line 11, insert ‘‘available’’ be-fore ‘‘unobligated’’. On page 1129, line 15, insert ‘‘Such funds transferred in to the fund shall retain its original period of availability.’’ after ‘‘sub-section (a).’’. On page 1129, line 20, insert ‘‘available’’ be-fore ‘‘unobligated’’. Strike section 2812. SA 4678. Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. REPORT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
LASS III GAMING .—The term ‘‘class III gaming’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703). (2) E
XCLUSIVITY CLAUSE .—The term ‘‘exclu-sivity clause’’ means a provision that re-quires a Tribe to pay to a State a percentage of gross gaming revenue only if the State does not change the law of the State to per-mit commercial gaming activity by any other person. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on— (1) the number of Tribal-State compacts, and amendments to such compacts, that con-tain exclusivity clauses that may be im-pacted by a determination of the Secretary of the Interior to approve a compact or com-pact amendment that could have the effect of advancing commercial gaming activity on non-Indian land where such activity is owned or operated, directly or indirectly, by 1 or more Indian tribe; and (2) the extent to which gaming regulations and laws in States where class III gaming oc-curs on Indian land pursuant to a Tribal- State compact, approved under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), meets or exceeds standards established in that Act or regulations issued by the Na-tional Indian Gaming Commission. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of the Interior shall consult with Indian tribes, State governments, and commercial gaming enterprises before issuing the report required under subsection (b). f 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT SELF-DEFENSE AND PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2137, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2137) to ensure Federal law en-forcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their fam-ilies, during a covered furlough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JN6.024 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3812 June 10, 2016 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2137) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TO TAKE CERTAIN FEDERAL LANDS INTO TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SUSANVILLE INDIAN RANCHERIA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2212 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2212) to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2212) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
INDIAN TRUST ASSET REFORM ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 812, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 812) to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, and for other pur-poses. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 812) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LOREN R. KAUFMAN VA CLINIC Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 1762 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1762) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1762) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 489, S. Res. 490, S. Res. 491, S. Res. 492. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolutions by title en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 489) honoring the life and achievements of Muhammad Ali. A resolution (S. Res. 490) expressing the sense of the Senate that ambush marketing adversely affects the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams. A resolution (S. Res. 491) designating June 12, 2016, as a national day of racial amity and reconciliation. A resolution (S. Res. 492) designating the week of June 6 through June 12, 2016, as ‘‘Hemp History Week.’’ There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 13, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4 p.m., Monday, June 13; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 2943; further, that all postcloture time on S. 2943 expire at 11 a.m., Tuesday, June 14; finally, that if cloture is invoked on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2578, it be considered to have been invoked at 10 p.m., Monday, June 13. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JUNE 13, 2016, AT 4 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:09 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 13, 2016, at 4 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JN6.017 S10JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE877 June 10, 2016 
LOOKING BACK OVER THE PAST 13 YEARS OF THE CATALINA IS-LAND CONSERVANCY 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, as Tony Budrovich readies to take the reins as presi-dent and CEO of the Catalina Island Conser-vancy, it is important to step back and look over the successful tenure of Ann M. Muscat, who announced her June 25 retirement last year. She has served as president and CEO for more than 13 years—the second longest tenure of any previous Conservancy president. Ann will continue to serve the Conservancy as its president emeritus until October 7, 2016. She will focus on serving as a resource to Tony, transitioning donor relationships, con-tinuing fundraising for the Conservancy’s first every capital campaign, IMAGINE CATALINA, and completing design of the new visitors’ center, The Trailhead. ‘‘Ann and the Conservancy have achieved a lot,’’ Los Angeles County Supervisor Don Knabe said. ‘‘I’ve had the great pleasure of working with Ann and her team, all of them consummate professionals who are dedicated to getting things done.’’ ‘‘Under Ann’s leadership, the Conservancy has become a living laboratory of innovation in conservation, education and financial sustain-ability for nonprofit organizations,’’ Catalina Is-land Conservancy Board of Directors Chair Stephen Chazen said. ‘‘The Conservancy has significantly improved the Island’s ecological health, greatly increased access to Catalina’s wildlands and expanded and enhanced its educational programs to better serve students living in Avalon and visitors from the main-land.’’ Here is a look back at how the Conservancy and its stewardship of Catalina Island have flourished since Muscat joined the organiza-tion in 2003. During Ann’s 13-year tenure, and through its Catalina Habitat Improvement and Restoration Program (CHIRP), the Conservancy staff has completed vegetation mapping of the entire Is-land, including non-native and invasive plant species. It has controlled and eradicated nu-merous invasive plant species that were elimi-nating native and rare biodiversity. It also ex-panded the native plant nursery’s scope to in-clude landscaping initiatives on the Island, along with restoration, and significantly ex-panded the native seed collection. The Conservancy has been a leader in re-moving non-native and highly destructive ani-mal species from the Island, leading to the re-discovery of native plants previously believed to be extinct. It also brought the Catalina Is-land fox back from the brink of extinction and supported the successful recovery of the bald eagle. Its wildlife biologists have implemented inno-vative social (repatriation) and scientific meth-odologies (contraception) for managing the bison herd. They also have conducted bird and small mammal surveys, discovering nest-ing sea birds on cliffs and nearby rocks, and implementing protective measures for bat pop-ulations. In addition, the Conservancy has pursued research partnerships with universities and museums from across the country, including a multi-institution collaboration that resulted in a comprehensive look at the Island’s oak wood-lands. Working with the Long Beach Unified School District, the community and philan-thropic organizations, the Conservancy has greatly increased access to natural and intel-lectual resources over the past 13 years. It im-plemented extensive educational enrichment and internship programs for the local school population through the establishment of the K– 12 NatureWorks workforce development and STEM education initiative. In its continuing service to the local commu-nity, the Conservancy provided free access to the wildlands of Catalina for Island families without vehicles. It implemented a free of charge Naturalist Training Program for tour operators and local businesses, as well as Conservancy front line staff. To ensure visitors to the Island could ac-cess the wildlands and learn about Catalina’s ecosystem, the Conservancy created the 37.5 mile Trans-Catalina Trail. It also has secured funding and developed plans for further trail improvements and expansions. It significantly expanded and improved the Jeep Eco-Tour program and developed a sign-age and way finding system across the Island. It added new running and biking events, an Is-land Ecology Travel Program and Wild Side Art Program to increase access and aware-ness. In addition, it increased volunteer pro-gram initiatives to include AmeriCorps, Amer-ican Conservation Experience and numerous university-level spring break programs. So that visitors and others had more infor-mation about Catalina Island and the Conser-vancy, it added a Nature Center in Avalon and a Mobile Nature Station that has served Ava-lon and Two Harbors, along with interpretive panels in the Garden and at campgrounds and trailheads. The Conservancy also expanded and revamped its outreach and marketing ma-terials, including maps, field guides, monthly e-newsletters, videos, an extensive photo li-brary and expanded web site. To serve a greater good beyond Catalina’s shores, the Conservancy launched a success-ful radio show and web site, Isla Earth, on en-vironmental issues that aired for 10 years on over 320 radio stations across the country. To provide the needed programs and en-sure the organization’s long-term financial health, the Conservancy has focused on rais-ing revenues and creating a sustainable busi-ness model that will ensure the Island will con-tinue to be restored and protected for future generations. In the past 13 years, the Conservancy has increased its operating budget nearly three times through an increase in philanthropic giv-ing and mission-based earned income. It has significantly expanded its donor base and cre-ated a reserve fund to address deferred main-tenance projects across its 42,000 acres. Projects have included improvements at Air-port in the Sky, across its road and bridge system, a new pier, replacement and expan-sion of its vehicle fleet and upgrades to its nu-merous buildings. The Conservancy also revamped its organi-zational structure, adding new departments and expanding existing functions while pro-viding professional development and training for all staff. The Conservancy’s staff has dou-bled in size and moved to a more customer service/community orientation. The Conser-vancy also expanded and updated employee housing, adding 14 new units, to support re-cruitment and retention of staff. The Board of Directors and the Conser-vancy’s staff have worked together to develop a strategic vision for the organization’s future, called IMAGINE CATALINA. They worked with nationally recognized sustainability architect William McDonough and landscape architect Thomas Woltz to develop a long-term strategic vision. It imagines an Island that represents Cali-fornia as it can be, demonstrating how nature and humans can thrive together. It envisions Catalina and the Conservancy serving as models for science-based conservation, for training tomorrow’s stewards of the natural world, for connecting people to nature and for creating sustainable finances and operations. To implement IMAGINE CATALINA, the Board and staff launched the Conservancy’s first-ever capital campaign, and they are more than three-fourths of the way to fully funding the first phase. They plan to celebrate the groundbreaking for the campaign’s flagship project, The Trailhead Visitor Center, on June 24. Another groundbreaking is scheduled on October 14 for the next major project, im-provement and expansion of Catalina’s trail system, and planning is well underway for a major ecological restoration effort on the Is-land’s West End. ‘‘Ann and her team’s excellent stewardship work at the Catalina Island Conservancy is leading edge and has served as a model for many other land trusts,’’ said California Coun-cil of Land Trusts Executive Director Darla Guenzler. Ann has also been a leader beyond Cat-alina. She was a founding Board member of the California Council of Land Trusts and served as its Chair of the Board. She is also a member of the Steering Committee for the Southern California Open Space Council and an Advisory Board member of USC’s Wrigley Institute for Environmental Studies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JN8.001 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE878 June 10, 2016 
COMMENDING THE PACIFICA INSTITUTE FOR ITS WORK 
HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Pacifica Institute in Bellevue for their work to generate interfaith dialogue and promote cross-cultural ties. Pacifica Institute has built up ties of mutual understanding and strengthened communities throughout the state of Washington. Pacifica Institute has continually engaged the community in activities to foster shared ex-periences. Their efforts have helped remove barriers, building confidence and trust to cre-ate a peaceful society through newfound rela-tionships. Through their vision of promoting social jus-tice through shared networks, Pacifica Institute has provided our district with the opportunity to foster mutual appreciation in a respectful environment. I’m pleased to join Pacifica Institute in their annual Ramadan Interfaith Friendship Iftar in Redmond this weekend. I am looking forward to coming together with members of our com-munity to celebrate various religious back-grounds. As President John F. Kennedy said, ‘‘If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.’’ Pacifica Institute works to do just that. Its com-mitment to educating communities serves as a positive voice bringing people together to com-bat prejudice and intolerance. 
f 
TIBET AND THE VISIT OF HIS HO-LINESS THE DALI LAMA TO WASHINGTON, D.C. 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, His Holiness the Dalai Lama will be in Wash-ington, DC next week. As the spiritual leader of Tibetans, the Dalai Lama is an energetic and unfailing ambassador for human rights and the rights of the Tibetan people. Sadly, his visit reminds us again about the dire situa-tion of the Tibetan people inside China. The Tibetan people have a right to practice their religion, preserve their culture, and speak their language. They have a right to do so without restriction or interference. The Chinese government does not agree. To them, the Ti-betans are a people to be pacified. Their faith and culture are problems to be solved, not a heritage to be preserved, honored, and pro-tected. To them, the Dalai Lama is an agitator and revolutionary, not a world-renowned and respected voice for peace and harmony. The recent State Department Human Rights Report offered a withering criticism of the Chi-nese government’s oversight of Tibetan and Tibetan areas of China. It said the ‘‘govern-ment engaged in severe repression of Tibet’s religious, cultural and religious heritage by, among other means, strictly curtailing the civil rights of China’s ethnic Tibetan population, in-cluding the rights to the freedom of speech, religion, association, assembly, and move-ment.’’ I am the Chair of the Congressional-Execu-tive Commission on China. Our reporting on Tibet draws similar conclusions about China’s rough oversight of Tibetans. Over the past several years, the Chinese government has constructed more obstacles to efforts by Tibet-ans to preserve their culture and religion. Sadly, we know that Tibetans have used self-immolations as a protest against the reli-gious and political oversight of the Chinese government. It is difficult to fathom the despair and des-peration felt by Tibetans who take this last act of defiance. The Chinese government has blamed the Dalai Lama and ‘‘foreign forces’’ for self-immolations instead of looking at how their own policies created such deep griev-ances. The Chinese government also expanded its efforts last year to transform Tibetan Bud-dhism into a state-managed institution. They sought to undermine the devotion of the Ti-betan people to the Dalai Lama and control the process of selecting Buddhist leaders. One Chinese government official admitted that control over the selection of Tibetan Bud-dhist leaders, including the next Dalai Lama, was ‘‘an important political matter’’ and a crit-ical part of the Chinese government’s ‘‘sov-ereignty over Tibet.’’ The Chinese government wants a Tibetan Buddhism that is attractive to tourists, but which allows the Communist Party to com-pletely manage its affairs. The UN Special Rapporteur on Religion said recently criticized China’s efforts to control Ti-betan Buddhism and the process of selecting leaders. He said ‘‘the Chinese government is destroying the autonomy of religious commu-nities . . . creating schisms, and pitting peo-ple against each other in order to exercise control.’’ This is exactly what the Chinese govern-ment has done to other religious groups, in-cluding Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, and Falun Gong. When the faithful don’t fall in line, they are jailed, harassed and bribed until they do. Religious freedom is an essential part of dealing with the grievances of the Tibetan people, but China’s answer is always the same—control, manage, and repress. It is counterproductive and it violates China’s inter-national obligations. The China Commission has a prisoner data-base that contains records on 643 known Ti-betan political and religious prisoners. 43 per-cent of those detained are monks, nuns, and religious teachers. Almost all were imprisoned since 2008. Substantive dialogue between the Dalai Lama’s representatives and the Chinese gov-ernment and Communist Party have not oc-curred in the past five years. This is the long-est break since the dialogue started in 2002. A government ‘‘White Paper’’ on Tibet, pub-lished this April, states that China will ‘‘only talk with private representatives of the Dalai Lama’’ to discuss ‘‘the future of the Dalai Lama’’ and how he can ‘‘gain the forgiveness of the central government and the Chinese people.’’ Instead of asking for the Dalai Lama’s for-giveness for the decades of brutal repression, the Chinese government asks for his. This is the state of affairs in Xi Jinping’s China. This is unfortunate and counterproductive. If China’s goal is to build a ‘‘harmonious society’’ in Tibet, it cannot be done without the Dalai Lama. He is the spiritual leader of the Tibetan peo-ple. His views are widely shared by those in Tibetan society, he can be a constructive part-ner for China in addressing continuing ten-sions, and deep-seated grievance, in Tibetan areas. In our dealings with Chinese government and officials, Members of Congress and the Administration should affirm the peaceful de-sires of the Tibetan people for greater auton-omy and freedoms within China. We should stress that China’s policies are counterproductive, they are brutal, and they hurt China’s international prestige. We also need to speak with a unified voice to end the repression of the Tibetan people. U.S. leadership on this issue is critical, be-cause our allies in Europe and Asia can be bullied by Chinese threats of economic boy-cotts. U.S. officials must demonstrate that Tibet matters, human rights matter, and religious freedom matters to U.S.-China relations and China’s future stability and prosperity. f 
RECOGNIZING DELEGATES AT THE CONGRESS FOR FUTURE MED-ICAL LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize five high school students from the fourth district of Colorado, who were selected to represent the state of Colorado as dele-gates at the Congress for Future Medical Leaders. The students are Carter Goodard of Frederick Senior High School, Alexandrea Ri-vera of Sky View Academy, Victoria Rubio of Silver Creek High School, Anna Schulhoff of Legend High School, and Megan Weigand of Erie High School. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors program that recognizes excep-tional high school students who are pursuing careers as a physician or in medical research. These students are the future leaders of the medical field and our country. Through their studies, they have embodied the meaning of hard work and perseverance to achieve their goals, and will better the health of future gen-erations Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to recognize these five students for their hard work and service to their community. I wish them luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
RHODE ISLAND VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS 97TH ANNUAL STATE CONVENTION 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women of the Rhode Is-land Veterans of Foreign Wars, which is hold-ing its 97th Annual State Convention this Sat-urday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JN8.002 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE879 June 10, 2016 
All of us are fortunate to live in a free and safe society because of the brave actions and extraordinary sacrifices of the men and women who have worn the uniform of the United States Armed Forces. We owe our troops, veterans and their fami-lies our gratitude and deep respect, in addition to the exceptional care and benefits they have earned while serving our great nation. The Rhode Island VFW has been the lead-ing voice for veterans and their families in my home state for decades. I am proud to work with them to strengthen mental health services, expand job training op-portunities, and ensure that all of Rhode Is-land’s veterans have the tools and resources they need to get ahead. Rhode Island is home to more than 70,000 veterans today. They are all our heroes. I congratulate the Rhode Island Veterans of Foreign Wars on their 97th Annual State Con-vention, and I look forward to joining them this Saturday. 
f 
HONORING MR. MARK DELLINGER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mark Dellinger who will retire after 31 years of public service with Lake County in California. After growing up in New York and the Mid-west, Mr. Dellinger moved west to pursue higher education. He earned his Bachelor of Science from Northern Arizona University and then earned his Master’s Degree in Geog-raphy from the University of Idaho. Mr. Dellinger joined the Lake County Plan-ning Department’s Resource Management Di-vision as a Geothermal Coordinator in 1984 and joined the Special Districts office in 1992 as a Resource Manager. Mr. Dellinger joined Calpine in the private sector to manage com-pliance for geothermal power plants in 2001, but returned to Lake County as the Adminis-trator of Special Districts in 2002. In this posi-tion, he was responsible for fiscal, personnel, and project management. For his work on the Southeast Geysers Ef-fluent Pipeline Project, or ‘‘Flush to Flash,’’ Mr. Dellinger received the Geothermal Resources Council Special Achievement Award in 1997. This project, co-led by Mr. Dellinger and Eliot Allen, used treated wastewater to recharge the geothermal steam field in Lake County. The Special District Leadership Foundation also awarded Mr. Dellinger the Special District Ad-ministrator Certification in 2011 after he com-pleted a rigorous examination demonstrating his expertise in management and governance. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Dellinger dedicated his ca-reer to ensuring that the residents of Lake County, California had access to high quality public services. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today and ex-tend our best wishes for an enjoyable retire-ment and many happy memories to come with Carol, his wife, and their sons Jared and Quinn. RECOGNIZING DELEGATES AT THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize six high school students from the fourth district of Colorado, who have been chosen to represent the state of Colorado as delegates at the Congress of Future Science and Tech-nology Leaders. The students are Jamison Cavanagh of Ponderosa High School, Tanner Cavanagh of Ponderosa High School, Victoria Messmore of Legend High School, Dominic Plaia of Chaparral High School, Amber Storch of Fort Morgan High School, and Caleb Vannest of Greeley West High School. The Congress of Future Science and Tech-nology Leaders is an honors program that rec-ognizes exceptional high school students who are pursuing careers as engineers, scientists, or technologists. These students are the future leaders of the STEM fields and our country. Through their studies, they have embodied the meaning of hard work and perseverance to achieve their goals, and will advance science and tech-nology for future generations Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to recognize these six students for their hard work and service to their community. I wish them luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,230,270,048,404.99. We’ve added $8,603,392,999,491.91 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING DR. ELLA WHITE CAMPBELL 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to recognize Dr. Ella White Campbell—a passionate educator who de-voted her life to improving the lives of her neighbors. A South Carolina native, Dr. Campbell moved to Maryland at a young age and grad-uated at the top of her class from the historic Wiley H. Bates High School in Annapolis while helping to care for her siblings. She later earned three degrees—including one Doctoral Degree—from Morgan State University, Johns Hopkins University and the University of Mary-land. Dr. Campbell began her teaching career at a middle school in the Cherry Hill neighbor-hood of Baltimore City, where residents were so impressed with her leadership abilities, they asked her take over the local recreation cen-ter. She eventually chaired the city’s English Department and was promoted to Assistant Principal. She helped design a curriculum that increased test scores of hundreds of students. You would be hard pressed to find a com-munity organization that Dr. Campbell did not, at some point, belong to or lead. While too nu-merous to mention in their entirety, Dr Camp-bell was President of the Gwynnvale Civic As-sociation, President of the Liberty Road Com-munity Council, President of the Liberty Randallstown Coalition, President of the Stevenswood Improvement Association and Founder of the Randallstown NAACP chapter. Dr. Campbell advocated tirelessly for better schools, recreation facilities, libraries and pub-lic transportation in her community. I had the privilege of working with Dr. Campbell for many years. Believe me, you did not want to find yourself on the wrong side of Dr. Camp-bell because you can bet she had already briefed the community on her position—and convinced them to agree. She was instru-mental in securing $1 million to implement the Liberty Road Streetscape Project, helped to stop area flooding through the Red Run Dam project and established the Liberty Assistance Center for county residents in need. A decorated member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Dr. Campbell is listed in the Who’s Who in The East, Who’s Who in Amer-ica and Community Leaders of the World. Per-haps most importantly, she was a devoted wife, mother, grandmother and great-grand-mother. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join with me today to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Ella White Campbell. Although she will be sorely missed, Dr. Campbell’s impact on Baltimore County and people’s lives—including my own—will last forever. She was a true inspira-tion. f 
TRIBUTE TO TIM CADDELL, GOV-ERNMENT RELATIONS ADMINIS-TRATOR 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize Tim Caddell, a member of our local government who is retiring after 15 years of public relations work in Pinellas Park. Mr. Caddell joined the Pinellas Park staff in 2001. He initially served as Public Events Di-rector, planning events such as the Harvest Moon Festival and Country in the Park. To-wards the end of his first year, he took on the role of Public Information Officer cultivating and maintaining vital relationships with the local media outlets. Additionally, he led an im-portant effort in Tallahassee lobbying on be-half of Pinellas Park when the city was in need of funds for drainage improvements at Park Boulevard. Finally, in 2008, he was promoted to Gov-ernment Relations Administrator where he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.002 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE880 June 10, 2016 
thrived. In this role, Mr. Caddell was respon-sible for establishing the Pinellas Park Per-forming Arts Center after the city had pur-chased the space. He recalls this event as one of the brightest moments in his career. In addition to his official role, Mr. Caddell demonstrated his commitment to Pinellas County through his service in various chari-table organizations. He served as executive director for the group ‘‘Girls Inc.’’ which fo-cuses on programs for girls that enrich their studies in a variety of academic and profes-sional fields. He also served the St. Peters-burg Police Department as a Private Investi-gator and was an assistant to the publisher for Pinellas Park News. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize and thank Tim Caddell for his dedication to Pinellas County throughout his career. He will be truly missed for his innovative ideas and strong work ethic. I ask that this body join me in thanking Mr. Caddell for the work he did for our community and in wishing him all the best in his next chapter of his life. 
f 
PURPLE HEART DISTRICT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to rise today to pay tribute to California’s Fifth Congressional Dis-trict as home to recipients of the Purple Heart. So many of our residents have honorably served our nation in its time of need. As a re-flection of Northern California’s role in war ef-forts past and present and the deep personal sacrifice of so many of our residents, I stand to assert that California’s Fifth Congressional District should be recognized as a ‘‘Purple Heart District.’’ The Purple Heart is one of the oldest and most recognized American military medals, awarded to service members who were killed or wounded by enemy action. In 1782, George Washington created the Badge of Military Merit to reward ‘‘any singularly meritorious ac-tion’’ displayed by a soldier, non-commis-sioned officer, or officer in the Continental Army. This award was intended to encourage gallantry and fidelity among soldiers. General Douglas MacArthur (then Army Chief of Staff) revived the award on February 22, 1932, the 200th anniversary of George Washington’s birth. Since its inception and through several wars and conflicts, the Purple Heart has been given to an estimated 1.8 million military mem-bers wounded or killed while serving our na-tion. I received my Purple Heart while serving in the 173rd Airborne Brigade in Vietnam. California has a strong military tradition, home to many significant installations and countless remarkable individuals. Our district includes the former Mare Island Naval Ship-yard—the first U.S. Navy base on the Pacific coast—and is adjacent to Travis Air Force Base, which handles more cargo and pas-sengers than any other military air terminal in the United States. Many notable veterans have called our district home, including pio-neering pilot and General of the Army and Air Force Henry ‘‘Hap’’ Arnold. Over 45,000 vet-erans currently reside in our district, including thousands from the wars in Iraq and Afghani-stan, who are living with the wounds of war at higher rates than any other conflict in our his-tory. I am honored to represent all of these valiant men and women. Mr. Speaker, California has dispatched thousands of its sons and daughters to fight the enemy. Many have sacrificed their health, and many have sacrificed their lives. We will never forget their sacrifices and are grateful for the brave men and women who have been harmed defending our country and our free-dom. I ask my colleagues to join me in recogni-tion and appreciation of California’s Purple Heart recipients past and present. Now, in the spirit of that appreciation, let it be known that California’s Fifth Congressional District should be recognized as a ‘‘Purple Heart District.’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 269 for passage of H. Con. Res. 129, Roll Call Number 270 for passage of H.R. 4906, Roll Call Number 271 for passage of H.R. 4904, Roll Call Number 272 for passage of H.R. 1815 which took place Tuesday, June 7, 2016, I am not recorded because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on Roll Call Number 269 for passage of H. Con. Res. 129, on Roll Call Number 270 for passage of H.R. 4906, on Roll Call Number 271 for passage of H.R. 4904, and on Roll Call Number 272 for passage of H.R. 1815. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FLORIDA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize the Florida Chamber of Commerce on their 100th anniversary and for their tireless efforts to secure Florida’s future. On April 29th, 1916, The Florida Chamber was founded to help support the Florida busi-ness community. At the time, many busi-nesses were faltering and the agriculture in-dustry, the state’s leading economic source, was struggling with a cattle tick that was threatening livestock. The chamber was cre-ated with the goal of securing that state’s fu-ture by preserving our vital agriculture industry and creating jobs and economic opportunities. Today, Florida’s economic challenges have changed, but the Chamber’s mission has al-ways remained the same: securing Florida’s economic future. In the past 100 years, Florida has devel-oped into an economic powerhouse with the support of the Florida Chamber of Commerce. Today, Florida’s economy accounts for 1 in 12 jobs being created in the United States and independently the Floridian economy is the 18th largest market in the world. As the popu-lation continues to grow and diversify Florida’s economy and population of roughly 19 million residents to continue to enrich our nation’s economy. The primary goal of the Chamber has been to promote a business-friendly atmosphere in order to attract employees with highly special-ized skills and continue to aid our economy. The Chamber has done that and more for Florida and our community of Pinellas as well. It has strengthened our agriculture industry, embraced the military and defense industry, promoted technology and innovation, ad-vanced education, and strengthened our infra-structure. Even though the main industries in our com-munity and state are agriculture, tourism, and construction, the Chamber is helping ensure that we are looking towards a more diverse economy with life sciences and biotech, en-ergy, international trade, and advanced manu-facturing and space technologies. With our state ever increasing in population, we can feel secure that the Florida Chamber will con-tinue to create jobs and opportunities. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our Florida Chamber for maintaining their goal of nurturing and supporting business within Florida. I ask that this body join me in recognizing what the Florida Chamber has done for the Florida economy in the past 100 years and will con-tinue to do in the future. f 
HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE OF PATRICK OROSZKO 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Patrick Oroszko of Worcester, Massachusetts. Pat passed away on Sunday following a brave and inspirational battle with esophageal cancer. He was just 34 years old. I first met Pat several years ago when he in-terned in my Washington, DC office. He was exceptional. He was whip smart and detailed oriented. Pat made you feel comfortable the moment you started talking to him. He was easy-going and unassuming, despite his height. And above all, he was kind. Born and raised in Worcester, Pat grad-uated from St. John’s High School in Shrews-bury where he excelled in basketball. He went on to receive degrees from Clark University and Anna Maria College. It was at Clark University that Pat truly felt at home. While at Clark, he was a member of the school’s basketball team which qualified for the postseason in all four of his years and made it to the Elite Eight of the NCAA Division III tournament two years. He served as team captain his junior and senior years. Most recently, Pat served as Director of Stu-dent Recruitment for Clark’s Graduate School and, for the past seven years, as an Assistant Men’s Basketball Coach. And Clark is where Pat met the love of his life and best friend, Courtney. Today, it’s the Clark University basketball gymnasium—the Kneller Athletic Center— where family and friends will gather to cele-brate his life. It was one of Pat’s favorite places. And at his request, the gym will be set up just as it would be for a game day, with the bleachers pulled out, home and visitor bench-es, the scoring table and the scoreboard on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.007 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE881 June 10, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my deepest sympathy to Pat’s wife Courtney; his young children, Allison and Ryan; his parents, Char-lie and Linda; his brother, Chris and all of his extended family and friends and the entire Clark University family. Mr. Speaker, Pat Oroszko was a wonderful person who touched so many lives. And we’re all going to miss him immensely. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for roll call vote 283 on Thursday, June 9, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 283. 
f 
OPPOSITION TO H. CON. RES. 89 AND H. CON. RES. 112 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the two resolutions brought to the floor today, H. Con. Res. 89 and H. Con. Res. 112. These resolutions are a time-wasting dis-traction from the real work that this Congress should be doing—finding ways to invest in America, grow paychecks and create good jobs for the middle class and those struggling to get by. The oil fee and carbon tax are two pro-posals to address the problem of climate change and, in the case of the oil fee, provide needed funds for infrastructure reform. While we can debate the merits of these particular approaches, at least they are efforts to take on real challenges facing our country and the world. Instead, the majority simply wants to stick their heads in the sand and wish these chal-lenges away. That may appease their Trump Tea Party base, but it represents a total lack of leadership. And make no mistake, inaction on climate change does not just risk our future—it is cost-ing us today. The increase in extreme weather events is hitting Americans in the pocketbook, through higher insurance rates and home re-pair costs, and this will only get worse from our failure to act. The greater harm is through the missed opportunity to create high-paying jobs for American workers. We can be the world’s green-economy leader, supporting mil-lions of new jobs in research and manufac-turing in the process, but it requires Congress to act. Republicans would rather we sit on the sidelines while other countries seek the mantle of climate-change leader, and those countries reap the benefit of high-paying technology jobs that will come with it. Now, we should have a discussion on the best ways to boost our economy by combat-ting climate change, reducing our reliance on fossil fuels, and finding ways to properly invest in our nation’s infrastructure. In that vein, I’ve introduced the Healthy Climate and Family Se-curity Act, a cap-and-dividend plan that would help us combat climate change and support economic growth and a thriving middle class. It boosts the purchasing power of families in Maryland and across the country while achiev-ing the reductions in greenhouse gas emis-sions necessary to address the economic and health risks of climate change, using a market- based approach. Similarly, last year I introduced the GROW AMERICA Act, a bill which would boost infra-structure spending and help pay for it by clos-ing the egregious inversions loophole which allows corporations to shift their tax obligations onto hard-working Americans just by changing their mailing address. My Democratic col-leagues have many other thoughtful ideas on how we can address these important issues. But today’s resolutions are not a thoughtful discussion on addressing climate change or funding our infrastructure—in the text of these resolutions, the terms ‘‘climate change’’ and ‘‘infrastructure’’ are nowhere to be seen. In fact, these resolutions are a waste of time meant to appease the Trump Tea Party base. The American people need us to do our job, so let’s get to the real work of creating broadly shared prosperity. I urge my colleagues to vote no. f 
TRIBUTE TO PRINCIPAL MICHAEL FEENEY 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize Principal Michael Feeney for his efforts in improving one of our local schools, Oldsmar Elementary. On May 17th 2016, Mr. Feeney received an award from the Oldsmar City Council for his exemplary work. Mr. Feeney began his career in education at Oldsmar Elementary as a teacher, but soon after starting he realized that school adminis-tration was his calling. He assumed the role of Assistant Principal for two years and was pro-moted to Principal for another four years. Under Mr. Feeney’s guidance, Oldsmar Ele-mentary has gone from a ‘‘C’’ to an ‘‘A’’ grade school and his efforts have changed the lives of so many children and families throughout our community. Although Mr. Feeney will be leaving Oldsmar Elementary to serve at another school, his dedication to excellence and com-mitment to his students has left a lasting leg-acy at Oldsmar Elementary I ask that this body join me in recognizing Mr. Feeney’s ac-complishments and wish him the best of luck as he begins the next chapter of his life. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF HELEN CHA´VEZ 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I rise to honor the life and legacy of Helen Cha´vez, who passed away on Monday, June 6, 2016. Helen was a civil rights icon in her own right, and the widow of one of my heroes, Ce´sar Cha´vez. Throughout her life, Helen Cha´vez faced many challenges, yet she had a fierce deter-mination and always kept moving forward. When she was just 12 years old, Helen’s fa-ther passed away. In order to help her mother support her five siblings, Helen began working in the California fields. Later, Helen went on to meet the love of her life, Ce´sar, and became a caring mother to their eight children in East Los Angeles. However, it was her passion for Ce´sar’s initiative to bring justice to farm work-ers that inspired her to return to Delano to work in the fields. Helen devoted her life to civil rights by bringing awareness to the cause. She inspired people to join the initiative to fight for farm-worker rights. Helen and Ce´sar formed the United Farmworkers Union where Helen worked tirelessly running the credit union put in place for the workers. And when times were tough, Helen did not back down. She turned to her faith for words of encouragement. She never gave up. With Helen’s encouragement and uncondi-tional support, Ce´sar went on to inspire a labor movement of farmworkers that would go on to level the playing field in the conflict over the right to form a union. This led to the most powerful and significant alliance between unions and communities in the modern day labor movement. It is clear that Helen was more than a moth-er and a wife. She had an essential part in the accomplishments of her husband. Helen Cha´vez is one of this country’s greatest advo-cates. She helped bring human rights to the forefront. Her quiet resiliency drove the heart of this movement. As the son of farmworkers from the Central Valley, her work and Ce´sar’s initiative have made it possible for me to become a Con-gressman. The outcome of my life and the lives of millions of Americans who come from farmworkers and families in the labor industry are forever changed because of their fearless pursuit of justice. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commemorating the life of Helen Cha ´vez. Her legacy is a testament to the greatness that is these United States of America. f 
HONORING MS. FIONA BULLOCK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Fiona Bullock for her 26 years of service as an educator and institu-tional leader at Pacific Union College. Ms. Bullock completed her Bachelor of Arts in Social Work at Pacific Union College in 1983, before going on to earn her Master’s of Social Welfare at the University of California, Berkeley in 1990. After completing her degree, Ms. Bullock spent 26 years in the Social Work Program at her alma mater, Pacific Union College. During her time at Pacific Union College she has held positions including Associate Professor, Field Supervisor, Forum Sponsor, and Program Di-rector. Ms. Bullock has also contributed to the field of social work through her research and the numerous articles she has authored. Throughout her career, Ms. Bullock dedicated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.011 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE882 June 10, 2016 
her time and energy to supporting students’ success, including connecting her students with invaluable internships and work experi-ences. A long-standing member of the National As-sociation of Social Workers, Ms. Bullock has earned certifications in Critical Incident Stress Management and is a Board Certified Expert in War Trauma and Bereavement Trauma. Ms. Bullock earned recognition from both the Na-tional Association of Social Workers of Cali-fornia and the California Assembly for her sup-port of academic freedom in higher education. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Bullock has dedicated her career to serving her students and community through the study, teaching, and practice of social work. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
MS. DOT CASE 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Dot Case of Henderson County, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Ms. Case for her dedication to the students of Henderson County, and congratulate her on her retirement after 47 years working towards the betterment of Henderson County Public Schools. After finishing high school, Ms. Case left Henderson County to complete a degree in History at Appalachian State University, where she graduated in 1969. Later that year, she returned to Edneyville to begin the first of her many years as an educator and role model for so many. In her first job, Ms. Case taught 7th grade physical education and English at Edneyville High School, which later moved to a new campus to become North Henderson High. She soon began to teach 9th grade His-tory, and took on the responsibility of impart-ing to students an understanding of our past and an appreciation for the history our state, nation, and world. Outside of the classroom, Ms. Case coached basketball, cheerleading, and track and has been a reliable presence at North Henderson’s sports events for decades. Among Ms. Case’s many experiences and ac-colades, she has sponsored Student Council programs since 1970 at Edneyville and then at North Henderson, taught AP classes since 1994, received a Social Studies Economic Teacher Award for her work, was named a Presidential Scholars Teacher in 1983, has been teacher of the year twice, and was the Regional teacher of the year in 2010. Over her 47 years teaching, Ms. Case has shown an exceptional interest in the success of her students. By pushing them to achieve what they might not have thought possible, Dot Case has made an unparalleled impres-sion on generations of Henderson County stu-dents and on the community at large. More than an expert educator, Ms. Case has de-voted herself to improving the lives of her stu-dents in areas beyond the classroom, and has continued to embolden and assist her grad-uates for years after they leave North Hender-son. Ms. Dot Case is an invaluable and unforget-table member of her community. She has earned the admiration of many students for the devotion she has given them all, and de-serves the respect and gratitude of Western North Carolina. I am proud to honor Ms. Dot Case for her long service to Henderson Coun-ty and sincerely express the gratitude and best wishes of the people of North Carolina as she enters retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF IBEW LOCAL 252 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 252 in Ann Arbor Michigan. It is an honor to highlight their commitment to brotherhood and the working families of Washtenaw County and Mid-Michigan. On June 6th 1916, twelve men, agreeing to the principles and objectives of the IBEW, re-ceived their official charter for IBEW Local 252. At the time, working conditions for labor-ers and trades workers were deplorable. In that era, the death rate for an electrician was more than twice the death rate for trades workers in other industries. It was common-place that workers in many trades toiled under twelve hour work days for six or seven days a week, with substandard wages and few if any benefits, not to mention training or work-place safety rules. One hundred years later, we have workplace rules, training, safety, fair wages and benefits, and this would not be the case if not for the vision and courage of these original founders, which is why we celebrate this very important milestone. What those founders were fighting for then, and what these union members are fighting for now is a shot at the American dream, a dream that we all must continue to protect for future genera-tions. Today, under the leadership of Business Manager Tim Hutchens, IBEW Local 252 has grown to a membership of over 800 men and women and continues to grow. Local 252 pro-vides the best trained and most experienced Electricians for many of the most important construction projects in the area. Whether the projects are at the University of Michigan, Eastern Michigan University, or elsewhere, if the job needs to get done right and done right the first time, you call on Local 252 members. With this high level of commitment to quality and skill, it is no wonder that this local has grown over the years to become what it is today. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of IBEW Local 252, and I know we will be cele-brating the accomplishments of this local for many years to come. TRIBUTE TO TARPON SPRINGS LIBRARY HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize the Tarpon Springs Public Library for its 100 years of service to Pinellas County. In 1916, Julia Inness started the library in the original City Hall inviting Pinellas residents to explore the exciting world that books pro-vide and engage in meaningful literary dia-logue. The library became even more popular than Ms. Inness had predicted, and in 1920, it was moved for the first time to a private home that had more space. As the library expanded, it moved again to the Shaw Arcade and then again to the Tarpon Hotel. In 1964, the ‘‘Friends of the Tarpon Springs Public Library’’ organization, which continues to support the li-brary today, was formed with the intention of helping fund special enhancements to the li-brary. Finally in 1997, the Library’s current lo-cation, a twenty-thousand square foot building on East Lemon Street, was constructed. In 1989, the Library joined the Pinellas Pub-lic Library Cooperative. The co-op helped equip the library with the necessary materials to serve the diverse population that used the library’s services. While there are still local regulars who frequent the library, it has evolved into a very busy and multi-purpose space thanks to the help of the co-op. The Library also hosts a variety of programs for Pinellas residents including the Public Arts Program and the Cultural and Civic Services program. Additionally, due to the contributions from the Friends of the Tarpon Springs Public Library organization, the Library has been up-dated with a new audio visual system, new computers, and resources for genealogy re-search. The Library has also been improving its digital correspondence, providing an online catalog allowing people out of county and state to access the Library. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Tar-pon Springs Library on an impressive 100 years and thank them for continuing to provide a valuable service to our community. I am very excited to see what future the Library has in store for us in the next 100 years and ask this body to join me in recognizing the Tarpon Springs Library as a cornerstone of the Pinellas County community. 
f 
HONORING RABBI MICHAEL ZEDEK 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Rabbi Michael Zedek, who has re-tired after being the spiritual leader since 2004 at Emanuel Congregation in the 9th Congres-sional District of Illinois. He will be missed. Rabbi Zedek is a true community leader and has brought neighbors together, fostered open-mindedness and embraced the incred-ible diversity of our community. Ordained in June 1974, Rabbi Zedek was chosen to be alumnus-in-residence at the Cin-cinnati and Los Angeles campuses of Hebrew 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.016 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE883 June 10, 2016 
Union College. Rabbi Zedek is the youngest man to receive this honor. He served as CEO of the Jewish Federation of Cincinnati and as the spiritual leader of Congregation B’nai Jehudah in Kansas City, Missouri for 26 years, where he holds the title of Rabbi Emeritus. During his tenure, the Jew-ish Federation of Cincinnati received national awards for innovative fundraising and pro-gramming. Prior to his service at the Jewish Federation of Cincinnati, Rabbi Zedek was the senior rabbi of Temple B’nai Jehudah in Kan-sas City, Missouri where he served for many years. Rabbi Zedek is a truly dedicated community activist, scholar, and teacher. He is deeply in-volved in civic affairs having served on a num-ber of national and international boards. He has also had numerous teaching and speaking appointments around the world on a wide range of topics, especially focusing on spiritu-ality and folklore. He has taught and lectured in South Africa, Russia, China, the former Yugoslavia, and Israel and in many other countries. He received a Danforth Graduate Fellowship for outstanding teaching, a Fulbright-Hays Grant for advanced study in the United King-dom, and is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Hamilton College, Clinton, New York. He will still speak internationally on spirituality and folklore and remain a regular presenter at Rancho La Puerta, a spirituality and retreat center, in Tecate, Mexico. He also serves as the host of a radio show, ‘‘Religion on the Line,’’ which has been on the air for more than 20 years. I thank Rabbi Zedek for his leader-ship and service. I invite my colleagues to join me in honoring Rabbi Zedek for the work he has done for his congregation, the community, the 9th Con-gressional District and beyond. We thank him for his invaluable service, and wish him well in all future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING TOUGALOO COLLEGE/ DELTA HEALTHPARTNERS HEALTHY START INITIATIVE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public health program designed to reduce infant mor-tality in the Mississippi Delta, the Tougaloo College/Delta HealthPartners Healthy Start Ini-tiative. This initiative is one of the 100 Healthy Start Initiatives throughout the nation working end-lessly to give every child a healthy start in life. The Delta HealthPartners’ Healthy Start pro-gram is housed under the auspices of Tougaloo College within the George A. and Ruth B. Owens Health and Wellness Center, under the direction of Dr. Sandra Carr Hayes, the executive director. The program serves a rural population in a seven county area in the Mississippi Delta (Tunica, Coahoma, Quitman, Tallahatchie, Sunflower, Bolivar, and Wash-ington counties). These counties are among the poorest and most medically underserved in Mississippi and the nation. The Healthy Start Initiative was imple-mented in 1999 with funding from the Health Resources and Services Administration under the leadership of Dr. Beverly W. Hogan, who now serves as President of Tougaloo College. Today, Ms. Arletha Howard serves as the project director. Ms. Howard is a registered nurse with over 28 years of experience in on-cology, burn trauma, intensive care unit, pedi-atrics, home health, maternal and child health. She has worked with the Healthy Start Initia-tive for 16 years. In 2014, under Mrs. How-ard’s leadership, the Healthy Start Initiative was upgraded from a Level I individual based program to a Level II community based pro-gram. Since its inception, the Healthy Start Initia-tive has provided case management services through a home visiting model to (1) high-risk pregnant women of childbearing age 10–44 years, (2) their infants; and (3) fathers/co-par-ents. Over the past 16 years, the program has achieved several major accomplishments: The Healthy Start Initiative has case managed over 900 mothers and infants just this past cal-endar year (January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015). The Healthy Start Initiative has created the Coahoma County Community Action Network responsible for opening the first Diaper Bank in the state of Mississippi funded by charitable donations and Northwest Mississippi Founda-tion. The Healthy Start Initiative serves as the lead agency in partnership with the Mississippi State Department of Health in the Mississippi Delta Regional Fetal Infant Mortality Review program. The Healthy Start Initiative has created Memorandums of Understandings (MOU) with 22 partnering schools in the Mississippi Delta to provide peer support groups to pregnant/ parenting teens and co-parents. The Healthy Start Initiative has been fea-tured in numerous publications and articles (USA Today, Hechinger Report, Huffington Post, Clarksdale Press Register, Tunica Times, and WABG TV Interview) highlighting the comprehensive services of the project. The Healthy Start Initiative has partnered with Parents for Public Schools to provide trainings for project parents on advocacy skills and educating and mobilizing parents to strengthen public schools. The Healthy Start Initiative promotes breastfeeding in two (2) clinic sites by pro-viding health education by project’s Certified Lactation Counselors (Women’s Clinic-Clarks-dale, MS and Gamble Clinic-Greenville, MS). The Healthy Start Initiative hosts a Commu-nity Baby Shower in partnership with local hospitals, Federally Qualified Community Health Centers (FQHC), other health care pro-viders and key stakeholders each year in Sep-tember to promote awareness of infant mor-tality during National Infant Mortality Aware-ness Month. The Healthy Start Initiative has implemented a male outreach initiative to address parenting issues among male co-parents and hosts an Annual 5k Walk in June to promote Men’s Health Awareness. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing The Tougaloo College Delta HealthPartners Healthy Start Initiative for its continued efforts to reduce infant mortality in the Mississippi Delta. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 273 on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion for H. Res 767, Roll Call Number 274 on Agreeing to the Resolution of H. Res 767, Roll Call Number 275 on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended H.R. 3826, Roll Call Number 276 On Agreeing to the Amend-ment of H.R. 4775, Roll Call Number 277 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775, Roll Call Number 278 On Agreeing to the Amend-ment of H.R. 4775, Roll Call Number 279 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775, Roll Call Number 280 On Agreeing to the Amend-ment of H.R. 4775, Roll Call Number 281 On Motion to Recommit with Instructions for H.R. 4775, Roll Call Number 282 On Passage of H.R. 4775 which took place Wednesday, June 8, 2016, I am not recorded because I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on Roll Call Number 273 on Ordering the Pre-vious Question for H. Res 767, on Roll Call Number 274 on Agreeing to the Resolution of H. Res 767, on Roll Call Number 275 on Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended H.R. 3826 and on Roll Call Number 282 for passage of H.R. 4775. I would have voted Nay on Roll Call Num-ber 276 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775, on Roll Call Number 277 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775, on Roll Call Number 278 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775, on Roll Call Num-ber 279 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775, on Roll Call Number 280 On Agreeing to the Amendment of H.R. 4775. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF MARC STEPP 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Marc Stepp, who passed away on June 3rd, 2016, at the age of 93. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. Born on January 31st, 1923, in Versailles, Kentucky, he grew up in Evansville, Indiana before coming to Detroit. He was a graduate of the University of Detroit and a U.S. Army veteran. Marc now rests as a legend of the labor movement—one of the greatest friends to working people that our nation has ever known. I speak here for Detroit, for the mem-bers of the United Automobile Workers Union, and the people whose lives he has touched, when I say that we will miss him dearly. I stand before you today as the Dean of the Congress because when I was a young man, Marc Stepp stood up for me. He provided me crucial guidance, support, and advice as I sought elected office, and throughout my ca-reer he has inspired me to fight harder with his own dedication to securing jobs, justice, and peace for all people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.020 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE884 June 10, 2016 
The first African American to lead negotia-tions with a major Detroit automaker, the sec-ond African American member of the United Automobile Workers International Board, and an organizer who fought alongside my father to secure collective bargaining at the major automakers, Marc helped create the reality of an American middle class. Countless workers owed their jobs and the lives and families those jobs made possible to his efforts. His work to save Chrysler in the late 1970s and early 1980s preserved a proud American man-ufacture who might have otherwise faded away. Marc’s legacy of advocacy though was not limited to collective bargaining alone. He helped shape movements to secure healthcare for the disadvantaged by estab-lishing the Community Health Association, to elevate our discourse on race as part of the NAACP, and to end apartheid in South Africa. Indeed, some twenty years after helping me get elected to Congress, he helped get me ar-rested protesting apartheid in front of South Africa’s Washington, D.C. embassy—a fight that would be won ten years later when Nel-son Mandela became President of South Afri-ca. The legacy Marc Stepp leaves us goes be-yond the wages and conditions he secured and the rights he helped ensure for all. He will remain an example of how to live our lives for generations. He will continue to influence the fight for jobs, justice, and peace through those who he inspired and influenced. He may be gone but he will not be forgotten. I am thankful for his service and his friendship, as are all who knew him and called him friend. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERRIE MORTON TETRICK 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I want to recog-nize and express my condolences in mourning the loss of Mrs. Sherrie Morton Tetrick, a dis-tinguished member of our community. Mrs. Sherrie Morton Tetrick was a member of the Belleair Women’s Republican Club for 16 years and held a variety of posts through-out her membership. She began as an assist-ant treasurer and then, in 2007, was elected to the treasurer position. For eight years she served in this position, managing the club’s fi-nancial affairs, monitoring and updating the membership roster, reporting to the State of Florida, and planning arrangements for the Belleair Country Club for luncheons. Sherrie was a well-known and respected member of our community who was known for being willing to help anyone in any way she can. She was strong, courageous, determined, and she will be deeply missed among her family, friends, and all who knew her. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my most heartfelt wishes and thoughts to Sherrie’s hus-band Rick, and her friends and family. Sherrie was an amazing individual that will be sorely missed in Pinellas County. I ask that this body recognize Sherrie Morton Tetrick for her dedi-cation to our community. May God bless Sherrie, Rick, and all those who knew her. HONORING PASTOR CASEY D. FISHER HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a God-fearing and im-pressionistic man, Pastor Casey D. Fisher. Pastor Fisher has shown what can be done through tenacity, dedication and a desire to serve God. A Spirit-fed and Spirit-led minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, Pastor Casey D. Fish-er was born in Utica, Mississippi, on July 8, 1966. He is the son of Sharkey and Katie Fisher. He received his formal education from the Hinds County School system and grad-uated from Utica High School in 1984. He at-tended the University of Southern Mississippi, where he majored in Business Administration. He later received a Bachelor in Religious Edu-cation, a Masters of Divinity and a Doctorate of Ministry from Living Word Bible Institution in Tyler, Texas. Pastor Fisher is married to the former Michele Chambers. They were married on September 17, 1988. He is the father of three lovely children: twin sons, Bryan and Ryan and a daughter, Casey Michele. Pastor Fisher finds time to love and care for his family as Christ does the church. He is devoted to strengthening them and helping them to grow in their everyday walk with the Lord, just as he does with the church. Pastor Fisher has served his country as a soldier in the United States Army. During this time, he truly accepted Jesus Christ as his personal savior on October 23, 1993 in Livorno, Italy. He served eight years in the U.S. Army, where he was part of two tours in Southwest Asia. He departed military service in July 1997. Afterwards, he was employed with the U.S. Postal Service in Vicksburg, Mis-sissippi, where he recently retired in Decem-ber, 2010. He is currently a Life Member of the Vicks-burg Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fra-ternity, Inc. and serves as the Guide Right Chairman. His purpose is Achievement, in which he mentors young men, twelve through eighteen years of age, providing them with tu-toring, community involvement and religious principles. He is also a member of Masonic Order of Prince Hall Free and Accepted Mason. In 1984, Pastor Fisher became the first known athlete in Mississippi to be selected All- State in four sports. While attending University of Southern Mississippi, he was a member of the basketball team, in which he led the Gold-en Eagles to the NIT championship in 1987 and later was inducted into the USM hall of fame. Although he loves basketball, he also has a passion for golfing. Dr. Fisher is a die- hard fan of the Los Angeles Lakers and the Dallas Cowboys. Pastor Fisher’s motto is ‘‘If you don’t take it personal, it will make you a better person’’. He is inspired by one of the Greatest Ministers, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., because of his will-ingness to serve and his willingness to give up his life for humanity. Greater Grove Street M. B. Church has stood the test of time through dedication, faith, stewardship, and commit-ment from this soldier on the battlefield for the Lord. He is a man of integrity, loyalty, dignity, and honesty leading his people to do the will of God. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Pastor Casey D. Fisher for his dedication to God, family, community and country. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF LEGISLATION EXPANDING THE YELLOW RIB-BON PROGRAM 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Yellow Ribbon Re-integration Program. For too long, through too many wars and too many deployments, we have treated our active duty servicemembers and their families as expendable once their usefulness on the battlefield has ended. We hear too many stories of members of the military who do not have the right tools to adapt back into civilian life. The Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program was aimed at helping address the unique challenges facing the Na-tional Guard and Reserve Component commu-nity during this transition. The Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program has helped these Guard and Reserve servicemembers with: accessing benefits, geo-graphic isolation, lack of access to military family support groups in local communities, continued and repeated deployments, and un-employment and underemployment. The Yellow Ribbon program has also helped to educate servicemembers on the rigors of deployment, implement reintegration cur-riculum throughout the deployment cycle, and inform servicemembers and their families about the resources available and connect members to service providers who can assist them in overcoming the challenges of re-integration. The Yellow Ribbon program has been suc-cessful in making sure the backbone of our society, those men and women who pursue their chosen profession, but also choose the military as an obligation to secure the liberties and freedoms we hold most dear. It is only right that we help speed the transi-tion of those active duty servicemembers who have essentially put their lives on hold while they serve in the military full time. They need to have the same access to services and in-formation. My legislation will expand this successful program to all active-duty servicemembers and their families. This will give these young men and women the ability and information to transition successfully to civilian life after pro-tecting of our freedoms for so long. Once they leave the military and are the re-sponsibility of the VA, it is too late. We need to speed the transition to civilian life and in the process, reduce suicide, and get these soon- to-be veterans in to the VA system for their health and claims benefits. Many of these men and women, when they leave the military, do not have the support structures they need to successfully re-integrate into civilian society. One young man I know of was homeless and could not have custody of his child and go to school on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.023 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE885 June 10, 2016 
GI Bill because he had stayed in the service on the first day of the month. He was ineligible for his housing stipend due to his service and was homeless. This is unacceptable and it is obvious that these men and women are being sent out into society unprepared for the decisions they must make: when to wake up, what clothes to buy, how to get housing. The Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program has been successful in what it was designed to do. We need to expand it to make sure all those who serve get the benefit of the lessons learned from this program. I am pleased to introduce this legislation to expand the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Pro-gram to all servicemembers. With this, we can take the next step to ensuring that the young men and women who protect those of us here at home will have a home to return to. 
f 
HONORING JACKIE THOMAS STUMP 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks to honor the life of Mr. Jackie Thom-as Stump, who passed away on June 2, 2016. I had the pleasure of serving with Jackie, a coal miner-turned-legislator, in the Virginia House of Delegates, where he represented Buchanan, Tazewell, and Russell Counties. Jackie was born on January 13, 1948 in Lebanon, Virginia and served in the Air Force from 1967 to 1971, spending 18 months in Saigon as a jet mechanic. When he returned, he mined coal and in 1979 was elected sec-retary-treasurer of the United Mine Workers (UMW) District 28. In 1986, he was elected president of the UMW district, which covered most of Virginia. In 1989, during the Pittston Coal strike, Jackie ran and won a write-in campaign for the House of Delegates as an independent. He served until he resigned for health reasons in 2005. Jackie was one of a kind and, though he didn’t often rise to speak on the floor, I will al-ways remember that when he did, he usually shared the views of the ‘‘little guy’’—folks who many would say didn’t have extraordinary wealth, power, or influence. Jackie also served on several boards and commissions, including the Virginia Parole Board and the Virginia De-partment of Housing and Community Develop-ment. Jackie is survived by his wife of 25 years, Linda Stump, of Abingdon; his daughter, Ahbra Stump, of Abingdon; and his ‘‘furry companion,’’ Ruffles. He is also survived by his mother, Margret Stump, of Keen Mountain; his sisters, Wanda Sue Justice and husband Danny, Christine Hicks and husband David, all of Keen Mountain; and numerous nieces and nephews. I have always appreciated the good working relationship and friendship that Jackie and I had, and will continue fondly remembering how very deeply he cared about Southwest Virginia and those who call it home. I am sad-dened by Jackie’s passing, and extend my prayers and deepest sympathies to his family and loved ones during this time. May God give them comfort and peace. IN RECOGNITION OF THE PUL-MONARY HYPERTENSION ASSO-CIATION HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the outstanding efforts of the Pulmonary Hypertension Association (PHA) in the fight against the rare, debilitating disease, and potentially fatal condition, pul-monary hypertension (PH). I am proud to represent the Lone Star Chapter of PHA, located in The Woodlands. This disease was first brought to my attention over a decade ago by Chapter member, Jack Stibbs, whose daughter, Emily, had been re-cently diagnosed at an early age and given a dire prognosis. However, due to Emily’s early diagnosis and advancements in medical re-search, including the development of innova-tive treatments, she has been able to lead a full life and even recently graduated college. Most patients are not as fortunate as Emily has been. PH can be idiopathic or occur as the result of sickle cell disease, scleroderma, and other conditions. Nearly 3 out of 4 PH pa-tients are not diagnosed until the disease has reached a late stage, which renders many available therapies ineffective and leaves pa-tients facing a much more serious medical intervention, such as heart-lung transplan-tation. PH is very aggressive and the average life expectancy without an accurate diagnosis and proper treatment is just under 3 years. I continually work with my colleagues in Congress to advance efforts that seek to lower healthcare costs, promote quality, and improve outcomes for patients. This is why I work with the PH community to call attention to impor-tant legislative efforts, including the Pulmonary Hypertension Research and Diagnosis Act (H.R. 3520), which seeks to leverage limited resources to ensure more PH patients are di-agnosed at an early stage and can benefit from treatments like Emily has. This June, the PH community will be gath-ering in Texas for their Semi-Annual Inter-national Conference. This is a bittersweet en-gagement as it will be the last Conference for Rino Aldrighetti, who has served as President and CEO of PHA for 17 incredible years. After PHA was founded around a kitchen table by passionate advocates seeking to improve the lives of affected individuals and families, Rino was one of the first employees the organiza-tion hired. Under Rino’s leadership the organi-zation grew from modest beginnings to an agent for meaningful change. Today, PHA has expanded to an organization of more than fifty staff with a budget of $13 million. When Rino started most medical professionals knew little about the disease. There was one FDA ap-proved therapy available, but far too fre-quently, patients died waiting for a diagnosis. But now, thanks to PHA, coordinated research and patient support efforts we have 14 FDA approved treatment options for PH, and PHA’s Research Program has committed more than $17 million to support cutting edge research focused on PH. In addition, more than 80 independent PH associations have been es-tablished around the world, and PHA has signed Memorandum of Understanding with 35 nations. More can be done though. I ask my col-leagues to recognize Rino and to honor his legacy of service to the PH community by sup-porting PH patients and early diagnosis legis-lation. f 
TRIBUTE TO PALM PAVILION 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize Palm Pavilion for its 90th year in busi-ness marked this past May 26, 2016. Started in 1926 by five partners, Palm Pavil-ion was intended to serve as a bathing pavil-ion for local patrons. One of the founders, Jesse Smith, recalls that it was open daily and was comprised of a bathhouse with changing rooms, a booth for towel and bathing suit rent-als, a dance floor with jukebox music, a picnic area, and a kitchen. They served food like hamburgers and hot dogs while sodas and beer were kept cold in ice bins. For thirty eight years, Jesse Smith and his wife were the main owners of Palm Pavilion, but in the sixties, they sold it, Howard and Jean Hamilton. The Hamiltons worked to mod-ernize by removing the bath house and focus-ing more on food and beverages, yet they made every effort to maintain the fun and re-laxed atmosphere for which Palm Pavilion was known. Today, the Grill and Bar has expanded, pro-viding seating for more than 300 beachgoers and serving all types of food. It also employs more than a hundred people. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Palm Pavilion for being a cornerstone of our community. For nearly a hundred years, it has been a point of interest for locals and tourists alike, and I ask that this body join me in cele-brating their continued success. 
f 
HONORING CHIEF CHRIS PALMER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Chief Chris Palmer. Chief Chris Palmer was born to Carl Palmer and the late Classie Palmer. He is the fourth of six children. Chief Palmer is married to Kathy Robinson and they have five children and six grandchildren. He attended Crystal Springs High School and graduated from Jackson State University with a B.S. degree in Criminal Justice and Corrections. Chief Palmer began his career with the Crystal Springs Police Department as a Dis-patcher and became a Patrolman in 1994. During his tenure on patrol, Chief Palmer was contracted to the Mississippi Bureau of Nar-cotics as an undercover agent. Four years later, Chief Palmer became the investigator for the City of Crystal Springs. As investigator, Chief Palmer worked all felony cases in the city for the next 15 years. These cases included Murder, Aggravated Assault, and Burglary along with numerous white collar crimes. While investigating these crimes Chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.026 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE886 June 10, 2016 
Palmer worked over 175 cases per year with a solvability rate of 94.6 percent and a convic-tion rate of 99.7 percent. In February, 2015, Chief Palmer was pro-moted from Investigator to Captain. After a brief stint as Captain, Chief Palmer was pro-moted to his current position as Chief in Octo-ber, 2015. Chief Palmer has an excellent staff that includes fifteen (15) police officers, six (6) dispatchers, a Court Clerk and a Deputy Court Clerk. Chief Palmer works diligently each day to make sure all employees are updated with hourly classes to make them better Dis-patchers, Court Clerks and Officers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Chief Chris Palmer for his dedi-cation to serving our great state of Mississippi. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID GILKEY 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last Sun-day, David Gilkey, an NPR photojournalist from Portland, Oregon, was killed with his Afghani translator, Zabihullah Tamanna, in a Taliban ambush in Afghanistan. I cannot express fully my gratitude for Da-vid’s tireless commitment to his profession. His evocative, powerful work, and many con-tributions to NPR will be remembered for gen-erations. Graduating from Wilson High School in Port-land in 1985, David followed the path of his fa-ther, Richard Gilkey, to Oregon State Univer-sity, before following his passion of photo-journalism at the Boulder Daily Camera, and then the Detroit Free Press before joining NPR in 2007. David covered conflict areas from around the globe, ethnic violence in Rwanda and the Balkans, apartheid in South Africa, famine in Somalia and violence in the Gaza Strip. Since 2001 he extensively covered the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was one of the most decorated of photojournalists, winning an Emmy in 2007 for a documentary video series and receiving 36 honors from the White House. In 2015, he was the first multimedia journalist to be award-ed the Corporation for Public Broadcasting’s prestigious Edward R. Murrow Award for Jour-nalism. David and journalists like him play an es-sential role in helping us all better understand global events, putting themselves in harm’s way to open the world’s window for the rest of us. They are true heroes. Our hearts go out to David’s mother and fa-ther, Alyda and Richard Gilkey, his circle of family and friends, and to his entire NPR fam-ily for their loss. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RICHARD GABBERT ON HIS SELECTION AS A MANSFIELD FELLOW 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Richard Gabbert on his selec-tion as a Mansfield Fellow. Mr. Gabbert is among ten federal government officials who will begin the year-long Mike Mansfield Fellow-ship Program in Japan this year. Congress es-tablished the Mansfield Fellowship Program in 1994 to build a corps of U.S. government offi-cials with substantial Japan expertise. Since then one hundred and forty Fellows—rep-resenting twenty-seven U.S. government agencies, commissions and the U.S. Con-gress—have entered the Fellowship Program. Mr. Gabbert is a member of the twenty-first group of Mansfield Fellows, chosen through a selective recruitment and vetting process. Japan has long been an important part of Mr. Gabbert’s life, and he is highly qualified for this unique professional development oppor-tunity. He spent part of his childhood and early career in Japan, and continued this engage-ment during law school and in private practice. As a Senior Special Counsel at the U.S. Se-curities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Mr. Gabbert helped develop a cross-border regu-latory framework for the over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives markets and the global fi-nancial institutions active in those markets. His Mansfield Fellowship will give him the contacts and understanding needed to facilitate U.S. Japan coordination in this area, coordination that is critical for a smooth transition to this new regulatory framework in our countries and globally Mr. Gabbert will begin his Fellowship in Japan this summer with a seven-week homestay and language training in Ishiltawa Prefecture. This will be followed by ten months of practical experience in Japanese govern-ment offices in Tokyo. During his placements he will work side-by-side with Japanese finan-cial regulators. He will seek to understand the Japanese response to the 2008 financial crisis and its aftermath, particularly the legislative and regulatory reforms designed to increase transparency and stability in the OTC deriva-tives markets. He also will explore current issues in the implementation of these reforms in Japan, including the challenges of cross- border regulation and supervision of these markets, in order to support effective domestic regulatory efforts. As a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and its Subcommittee on the Asia-Pacific, I understand the important role Japan plays in the global economy and the critical need to coordinate with Japan on financial and other matters. Close coordination requires U.S. government officials like Mr. Gabbert who are prepared to develop the con-tacts and expertise needed to facilitate their agencies’ work on Japan-related programs. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Mr. Gabbert on his selection as a Mans-field Fellow. I am confident his Mansfield Fel-lowship experience will enhance the work of the SEC and deepen its cooperation with Japan. I hope you will also join me in recognizing the value of the Mike Mansfield Fellowship Program and the opportunities it provides U.S. government officials like Mr. Gabbert to learn about Japan and its government and to strengthen the U.S. relationship with this im-portant ally. COMMEMORATING THE 60TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE NATIONAL AS-SOCIATION OF COLLEGES AND EMPLOYERS HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the National Association of Colleges and Employers—NACE—on its 60th anniver-sary of service to, leadership of, and advocacy for the community of college career services professionals and HR/recruiting professionals who are focused on the employment of the college educated. Located in Bethlehem, PA, NACE boasts more than 10,000 members across the country who perform work vital to our national labor force and national interests. Founded in 1956, NACE supports the crit-ical work of its members through research, ad-vocacy, and professional development and serves the greater public by providing key data and insight to further the goals and dreams of those who choose higher education as their path to a rewarding and successful career. NACE’s initiatives expand beyond its membership to also serve the larger national community and help our graduates achieve successful outcomes. To that end, NACE has undertaken efforts to ensure new college grad-uates can transition into the job market with the competencies they need to succeed and to keep our nation competitive in the global marketplace. As NACE continues to look to the future and address critical issues facing our labor force, employment community, and country, I con-gratulate NACE on this 60th anniversary and wish it continued growth and prosperity in the years ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY WILLIAMS AND JEVON GRAHAM, ASSIST-ANT CHIEFS, CLEARWATER FIRE & RESCUE 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize two men, Larry Williams and Jevon Graham, and congratulate them for being named Assistant Chiefs of Clearwater Fire and Rescue. Larry Williams and Jevon Graham were re-cently promoted to Assistant Fire Chiefs after achieving the top two scores among 43 appli-cants for the position. Mr. Williams and Mr. Graham, the first African American administra-tors in the history of the department, are mak-ing strides in their field and helping pave the way for future generations of the Clearwater Fire and Rescue teams. In the City of Clearwater, there are 196 Fire and Rescue employees and only 14 of them are African-American, comprising seven per-cent of the force. Mr. Williams and Mr. Gra-ham’s promotion to Assistant Fire Chiefs is a tremendous step forward for the Tampa Bay area and I applaud Mr. Williams and Mr. Gra-ham for their efforts in our community. Mr. Williams’ own heroes and mentors were firefighters who also broke racial barriers at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.030 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE887 June 10, 2016 
the St. Petersburg Fire and Rescue station. He has served for 20 years with Clearwater Fire and Rescue. I thank him for the decades of service he has already given to us. Mr. Wil-liams will be becoming the Assistant Chief of Suppression. Mr. Graham became a firefighter in 1998 and at the time was one of three minority fire-fighters in the department. He has worked for 17 years with Clearwater Fire and Rescue in various capacities including as a member of the dive team, technical rescue team, and as a lieutenant for 12 years. He will serve as As-sistant Chief of Health and Safety. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank and acknowl-edge Mr. Graham and Mr. Williams for their dedication to our community and to Clearwater Fire and Rescue. They are role models for Pinellas County. I ask that this body join me in thanking them for their service and wishing them success in their new roles as Assistant Chiefs of Clearwater Fire and Rescue. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. M
CBURNETT JAMES KNOX, JR. 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. McBurnett James Knox, Jr., better known as ‘‘Coach Mac,’’ who passed away on May 29, 2016, at the age of 89. Coach Mac served his country in the United States Navy, and was a retired United States postal worker and longtime employee of the New Orleans Recreation Development Com-mission (NORD). He was best known as the longtime supervisor at the Pontchartrain Park in New Orleans and legendary coach of the Pontchartrain Park Patriots. Coach Mac coached every sport and activity possible. His teams won city championships in baseball, football, basketball, softball and track. Coach Mac coached all-star teams in Babe Ruth Baseball, Biddy Basketball, and the National Youth Games. He was able to win both a state and a national championship in his career. Also, during Coach Mac’s four plus decades at the Pontchartrain Park, he ran a softball league for postal workers and other adult leagues. Mr. Speaker, as a beneficiary of Coach Mac’s commitment and sacrifice, I celebrate his life and legacy, because he has touched the lives of many children and citizens in New Orleans, Louisiana. His wife preceded him in death; however, my thoughts and prayers are with his five children and the other members of his family. 
f 
VVA SUPPORT OUR TROOPS RALLY 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on June 12, 2016, Vietnam Veterans of America, Chapter 862 will sponsor its 15th annual Support Our Troops Rally to honor the courageous individ-uals serving in our armed forces as well as our veterans. It is an opportunity to pay our re-spects to our troops stationed both here at home and overseas. We should never fail to recognize the irre-placeable contributions of our service mem-bers, and we should never take their service for granted. As civilians, it is often easy to go about our daily lives, enjoying our freedoms, without remembering the sacrifices that pur-chased them. Robert Gwin organized the first Support Our Troops Rally 15 years ago, and the tradition has only grown stronger, with the rally drawing larger crowds every year. This is a testament to the value of institutions like Vietnam Vet-erans of America in demonstrating gratitude to our troops who need to know how much their service means to the rest of us. The Support Our Troops Rally fosters a strong sense of patriotism and appreciation in our community. Most important, it helps us convey our gratitude to our veterans and troops, particularly those overseas in dan-gerous areas of the world. f 
HONORING TOMMY L. M
CCULLOUGH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mr. Tommy L. McCullough, who was born in Pickens, Madison County, Mississippi to the late parents of W.E.L. and Classie McCullough. He was the youngest of twenty siblings where ten (10) were added by mar-riage. Mr. Tommy L. McCullough was raised in Valley View, Mississippi and attended Nichols School until the eighth grade. Later he went to Cameron Street High School and left to go to the Army while he was in the 12th grade. Mr. McCullough entered the Army on De-cember 13, 1954, he was in the 25th Division at Scofield Barracks in Hawaii. While there an Honor Guard was formed after a few months and height requirements were 5 feet 10 inches tall, but because he was sharp and intelligent he was chosen to be a Guard, although he was 5 feet 8 inches tall. They later changed the title from Guard to Drill Platoon. No one could handle a rifle the way Mr. McCullough handled it and he was recognized with many letters of congratulations for his performance in the Drill Platoon, he also went to the Non- Commission Officer Academy and received a diploma. Within two years he went from a Pri-vate to SP3 (Specialist 3rd class). There he stayed until his discharge on November 27, 1956 and went back to Jackson, Mississippi. He had many friends who were Civil Rights Activist, one of them was a Freedom Rider, Mr. Jake Freeze, who was one of the leaders in the Freedom Riders Movement that lived in his house in 1963, which was later called the Freedom House in Madison County. Pictures are on the wall of the Civil Rights Museum in Canton, Mississippi, today. Mr. McCullough afterwards moved to Louis-ville, KY in 1965. He worked at Harshaws Chemical Company for about five years. He missed Mississippi so much that he came back and opened up a night club, Billa Farro, for five years in Jackson and later opened a Car Dealership, TC and III, and then he re-tired. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Tommy L McCullough for his dedication to serving others. f 
THE GIFT, RUNNING ON THE WIND, THE BREEZE—IN HONOR OF MIDFIELDER FRANK URSO 
HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of The University of Maryland Midfielder Frank Urso, who received the prestigious Teewaarton Legend Award on June 2nd at the Native American Museum in Washington, DC. Frank was a four-year 1st Team All American, leading The Terps to two National Champion-ships, and two National Championship finals in his four years at Maryland. He joins the likes of Jim Brown, Gary Gate, and Eamon McEnneny. I would like to submit this poem in honor of him and the Native Americans who created the magnificent game of lacrosse, penned by fellow teammate Albert Carey Caswell. 
Long before Basket and Baseball or Football ever came to be All out across this great land this sweet Country tis a thee Came on the wind, came running on the breeze All out there upon those fields of green as so to be But came The Native Americans so all at speed. All in this their game of such intensity Of such power and might, grace and speed As the fastest game on foot you’ll ever see Ah’ poetry in motion as is this sport of beauty and combat all interweaved. As is Lacrosse their great gift to you and me. A gift to Mankind which one day would in-tercede Capturing little boys and girls hearts all at speed With stick in hand as they become one to compete While, into the night against a wall chasing their dreams. To Be The Best on fields of green. Bagattaway, as it all began with the mag-nificent Native Americans you see Who are The Very Heart of what it all so means to be an America indeed. A people of such character and courage, strength and speed Who to Nature so respect and heed. A race of people who were the antifascist of living free. Running on the wind, the breeze. Training mighty warriors for the rigors of combat, as they would bleed Turning boys to men, giving them the strength, training, and confidence they would need. Running on the wind, the breeze, as all across this Nation their great game came to be As why to this day with such high regard the world envies As they’d pass this game down through the generations to their families, from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.034 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE888 June 10, 2016 
dream time of their great ancestors in history This gift we now know as LACROSSE, so much achieves. Building character and strength, and such teamwork to cement all who intervene Now, growing far and wide all throughout our country sides For no greater game has yet to be devised As it reaches deep down into ones very soul As does their fine gift to America to behold. Running on the wind. To them so much we owe. Ode to The Native American, who’ve given us this great game we all love and know Of stamina and courage, and of grace, which put smiles upon our face Of skill and such grit, and the teamwork so all in it With such might and speed she gives us all we need. Ah’ running on the wind, the breeze, La-crosse All in this Native American’s Game of Speed. f 
TRIBUTE TO ROB VAN TASSEL, FLORIDA BIG BROTHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize a member of our community, Rob Van Tassel, for being named Florida’s Big Brother of the Year. Mr. Van Tassel is a logistics manager with Southwire, a manufacturing company based in Clearwater, Florida. He graduated from Dun-edin High School in 1975 and has been a Pinellas County resident for many years now. Inspired by the way his father had raised him and encouraged by his own daughter, Mr. Van Tassel decided to join Big Brothers and Big Sisters and give back to the community that had given him and his family so much. In 2008, Mr. Van Tassel was matched with his current little brother Seth. For Seth, Rob is a supportive shoulder to lean on and a thought-ful advisor who keeps him focused on his edu-cation and making decisions that are bene-ficial for the rest of his life. Rob’s work with Seth is truly exceptional. Rob believes that children need strong men-tors for guidance, and that it is our responsi-bility to help guide children and young adults who need help finding their way. In addition to being named Florida’s Big Brother of the Year, Mr. Van Tassel is also being considered for the national Big Brother of the Year award. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Rob Van Tas-sel for dedicating his time and efforts to our community. He has a strong desire to give back and, in turn, has inspired others to do so as well. I thank Rob for what he has done and I ask that this body join me in honoring and acknowledging Rob for his award and dedica-tion to Pinellas County. CELEBRATING DI´A DE PORTUGAL HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with Mr. N
UNES of California, Mr. V ALADAO of Cali- fornia, Mr. C
ICILLINE of Rhode Island, Mr. D
ENHAM of California, Mr. Z ELDIN of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN of California, Mr. M CGOVERN of Massachusetts, and Mr. H
ONDA of California to recognize Dı´a de Portugal. On June 10 each year, Dı´a de Portugal celebrates the Por-tuguese people, their strong heritage, and their beautiful country and culture. Dı´a de Portugal honors the death of the re-vered Portuguese poet Luı´s Vaz de Camo˜es in 1580. While his mastery of verse has been compared to both Shakespeare and Dante, Camo˜es is famously known for his epic ‘‘Os Lusı´adas,’’ one of Portugal’s most treasured literary works. The poem pays tribute to Por-tugal’s golden age of exploration and cele-brates the many world-changing discoveries made by its seafaring explorers in the 15th century. In his poem, Camo˜es speaks of the Por-tuguese as destined to accomplish great deeds, and they have. This rings especially true of the more than one million Portuguese- Americans who have been contributing to and enriching culture in the United States for gen-erations. Americans of Portuguese descent are responsible for tremendous growth and in-novation, whether it be in the arts, agriculture, sports, or the highest levels of American gov-ernment. The unbreakable bond between Por-tugal and the United States goes back many years—to the very founding of our nation. After the Revolutionary War, Portugal was one of our first allies and one of the first coun-tries to officially recognize the United States. In 1791, President George Washington formal-ized diplomatic relations with Portugal, and our relationship is stronger than ever more than 200 years later. Today, Portugal is not just our friend and ally, but an important strategic partner for the United States. We must never forget the role of Portugal and Lajes Field during World War II, when the Portuguese helped us protect supply ships, identify U-boats, and win the war against fascism. As home to the U.S. Air Force’s 65th Air Base Wing, Lajes Field was instrumental in our efforts during the Cold War and the Yom Kippur War and continues to be a critical asset in the Atlantic. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I join hands with the people of Portugal to reaffirm our commitment to strengthening the many ties between us, and we vow to ensure our re-lationship remains strong and robust. Along with the people of Portugal and Portuguese- Americans throughout the United States, we wish everyone a happy and joyous Dı ´a de Portugal. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 283 on Consideration of the Resolu-tion for H. Res. 771 which took place Thurs-day, June 9, 2016, I am not recorded because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on Roll Call Number 283 on Consideration of the Resolution for H. Res. 771. f 
HONORING PATRICIA D. WISE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Judge Patricia D. Wise. Elected in 1989, she is one of four Chancellors of the Fifth Chancery Court District of Hinds County, Mississippi. Formerly, Mrs. Wise was managing attorney and partner in the law firm of Dockins & Wise, Attorneys at Law, Jackson, Mississippi. Her private practice was in the area of Domestic Relations-Family Law, Personal Injury and General Civil practice. She served as Family Law Resource Attorney for Central Mississippi Legal Services. An Oxford, Mississippi native, she has lived in Jackson, Mississippi for the past thirty-five years. She received her Bachelor of Science in Special Education, her Master’s of Commu-nicative Disorders and her Juris Doctorate de-gree all from the University of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Judge Patricia D. Wise for her dedication to serving others. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KEN DEKA 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 10, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize Mr. Ken Deka, a veteran and member of our community, for his work to honor our troops on a nightly routine. Mr. Deka moved to Indian Rocks Beach after retiring. He would occasionally play ‘‘Taps’’ on his bugle for his neighbors, and it soon became a nightly tradition. Now, Mr. Deka’s rendition of ‘‘Taps’’ has become a community staple, and he can be heard play-ing it every night for his neighbors on Indian Rocks Beach. Mr. Deka says he does it for the men and women currently serving, veterans, those mili-tary personnel who have already passed, and family members of his who have served, like his brother, a veteran who passed away five years ago. He wants to continue to honor those who, like Mr. Deka and his brother, have given so much to our country and remind all of his neighbors to be grateful for our mili-tary. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank and ac-knowledge Mr. Ken Deka for his service to our country, and for his continued efforts to re-member and recognize our men and women in uniform. I ask that this body join me in thanking Mr. Ken Deka for his continued sup-port for our veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JN8.038 E10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D638 Friday, June 10, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3787–S3812 Measures Introduced: Three bills and five resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3048–3050, and S. Res. 488–492.
                                                       Page S3795 
Measures Passed: James H. Meredith March Against Fear 50th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 488, recog-nizing the historical significance and the 50th anni-versary of the ‘‘James H. Meredith March Against Fear’’, a 220-mile walk down Highway 51 from Memphis, Tennessee, to Jackson, Mississippi. 
                                                                                            Page S3790 
Federal Law Enforcement Self-Defense and Pro-tection Act: Senate passed H.R. 2137, to ensure Fed-eral law enforcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their families, during a covered furlough.
                           Pages S3811–12 
Susanville Indian Rancheria: Committee on In-dian Affairs was discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 2212, to take certain Federal lands lo-cated in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and the bill was then passed.
                                                Page S3812 
Indian Trust Asset Reform Act: Senate passed H.R. 812, to provide for Indian trust asset manage-ment reform.
                                                                Page S3812 
Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consid-eration of H.R. 1762, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman VA Clinic’’, and the bill was then passed. —
                                                                                            Page S3812 
Honoring the Life of Muhammad Ali: Senate agreed to S. Res. 489, honoring the life and achieve-ments of Muhammad Ali.
                                     Page S3812 
Ambush Marketing: Senate agreed to S. Res. 490, expressing the sense of the Senate that ambush mar-keting adversely affects the United States Olympic and Paralympic teams.
                                            Page S3812 National Day of Racial Amity and Reconcili-ation: Senate agreed to S. Res. 491, designating June 12, 2016, as a national day of racial amity and reconciliation.
                                                              Page S3812 
Hemp History Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 492, designating the week of June 6 through June 12, 2016, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’.
             Page S3812 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                      Pages S3787–90, S3790 
Pending: McCain Amendment No. 4607, to amend the provision on share-in-savings contracts. 
                                                                                    Pages S3788–90 
Reed (for Reid) Amendment No. 4603 (to Amendment No. 4607), to change the enactment date.
                                                                          Pages S3788–90 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 68 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. 97), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S3789 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, June 13, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the bill, post-cloture; that all post-cloture time on the bill expire at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, June 14, 2016; and that if cloture is invoked on the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of H.R. 2578, making appro-priations for the Departments of Commerce and Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, it be considered to have been invoked at 10 p.m., on Monday, June 13, 2016.
                                                                                Page S3812 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3793 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3793–94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D639 June 10, 2016 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3795–96 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3796–98 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3792–93 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3798–S3811 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—97)
                                                                   Page S3789 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 8:15 a.m. and adjourned at 12:09 p.m., until 4 p.m. on Monday, June 13, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3812.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 11 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5445–5455; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 136; and H. Res. 776, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H3703–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3704–05 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3636, to amend the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to allow labor organizations and man-agement organizations to receive the results of visa petitions about which such organizations have sub-mitted advisory opinions, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–614); H.R. 5169, to strengthen welfare research and evaluation, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–615, Part 1); H.R. 5170, to encourage and support partnerships between the public and private sectors to improve our Nation’s social programs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–616); H.R. 5050, to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced safety in pipeline trans-portation, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–617, Part 1); and H.R. 4612, to ensure economic stability, account-ability, and efficiency of Federal Government oper-ations by establishing a moratorium on midnight rules during a President’s final days in office, and for other purposes, (H. Rept. 114–618, Part 1). 
                                                                                            Page H3703 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Poe (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                          Pages H3667 
Expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 89, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy, by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 163 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 295.                                                                       Pages H3669–77, H3693 
H. Res. 767, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) and the concurrent resolu-tions (H. Con. Res. 89) and (H. Con. Res. 112) was agreed to Wednesday, June 8th. Expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 112, express-ing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil, by a yea- and-nay vote of 253 yeas to 144 nays with two an-swering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 296. 
                                                                Pages H3677–83, H3693–94 
H. Res. 767, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4775) and the concurrent resolu-tions (H. Con. Res. 89) and (H. Con. Res. 112) was agreed to Wednesday, June 8th. Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017: The House passed H.R. 5325, making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 175 nays, Roll No. 294. Consider-ation began yesterday, June 9th.
               Pages H3683–93 
Rejected the Castro (TX) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 170 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 293.
      Pages H3691–92 
Agreed to: Gosar amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that prohibits any funds for delivering printed copies of the United States House of Rep-resentatives Telephone Directory to the office of any Member of the House of Representatives;
    Page H3684 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD640 June 10, 2016 
Gosar amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that prohibits any funds for delivering printed copies of the President’s Budget to the office of any Member of the House of Representatives; 
                                                                                            Page H3684 
Grayson amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that expands the list of parties with whom the federal government is prohibited from con-tracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractors; and
                                                  Pages H3684–85 
Russell amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that prohibits use of funds under this Act to be used to deliver a printed copy of the Federal Register to a Member of the House of Representa-tives.
                                                                                 Page H3686 
Rejected: Ellison amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that was debated on June 9th that sought to reprogram funds to create an Office of Good Jobs for the House of Representatives (by a recorded vote of 157 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 289);
       Page H3688 
Blackburn amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that was debated on June 9th that sought to provide for a one percent across the board cut to the bill’s spending levels; accounts for the Capitol Police, Architect of the Capitol-Capitol Police Build-ings, Grounds and Security, and Office of the Ser-geant At Arms shall not be reduced (by a recorded vote of 165 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 290); 
                                                                                    Pages H3688–89 
Takano amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that sought to appropriate $2.5 million to re-institute the Office of Technology Assessment (OTA), offset from funds from the Architect of the Capitol’s Capital Construction and Operations Ac-count (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 291); and
                       Pages H3685–86, H3689–90 
Pearce amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–611) that sought to reduce the Office of Con-gressional Ethics budget to FY16 levels and transfers remaining funds to the deficit reduction account (by a recorded vote of 137 ayes to 270 noes, Roll No. 292).
                                                           Pages H3686–88, H3690 
H. Res. 771, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5325) was agreed to yesterday, June 9th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, June 13th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                           Pages H3696 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and five recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3688, H3688–89, H3689–90, H3690, H3692. H3692–93, H3693, and H3694. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 2:19 p.m. Committee Meetings 
ADVANCING PATIENT SOLUTIONS FOR LOWER COSTS AND BETTER CARE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Patient Solutions for Lower Costs and Better Care’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. HOME APPLIANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARDS UNDER THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY—STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Home Appliance Energy Efficiency Standards Under the Department of Energy—Stakeholder Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 18F AND U.S. DIGITAL SERVICE OVERSIGHT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘18F and U.S. Digital Service Over-sight’’. Testimony was heard from Mikey Dickerson, Administrator, U.S. Digital Service; Phaedra S. Chrousos, Commissioner of Technology Trans-formation Service, Government Services Administra-tion; David Powner, Director, IT Management Issues, Government Accountability Office; and pub-lic witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 13, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5053, the ‘‘Preventing IRS Abuse and Protecting Free Speech Act’’; H.R. 5293, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’ [general debate only], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D641 June 10, 2016 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 13 through June 17, 2016 Senate Chamber On Monday, at approximately 4 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act, post-cloture. On Tuesday, at 11 a.m., Senate will vote on pas-sage of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act. Following disposition of S. 2943, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of H.R. 2578, Commerce, Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 14, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. June 15, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, Fiscal Year 2017’’, 10 a.m., SD–138. June 16, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, and an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Govern-ment Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Armed Services: June 16, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of General David L. Goldfein, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of General, and to be Chief of Staff, United States Air Force, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 14, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 15, business meeting to consider pending calendar busi-ness, 10 a.m., SR–253. June 15, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fish-eries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine as-sessing the Coast Guard’s increasing duties, focusing on drug and migrant interdiction, 2 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: June 14, to hold hearings to examine oil and gas pipeline infrastruc-ture and the economic, safety, environmental, permitting, construction, and maintenance considerations associated with that infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–366. June 15, Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine S. 2839 and H.R. 3004, bills to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to ex-tend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission, H.R. 3036, to designate the National September 11 Memorial located at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a national memorial, H.R. 3620, to amend the Dela-ware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the Na-tional Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, S. 211, to establish the Susquehanna Gateway National Her-itage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, S. 630, to estab-lish the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area, S. 1007, to amend the Dayton Aviation Heritage Preservation Act of 1992 to rename a site of the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park, S. 1623, to establish the Maritime Washington National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, S. 1662, to include Liv-ingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1690, to estab-lish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, S. 1696 and H.R. 482, bills to redesignate the Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia, to revise the boundary of that monument, S. 1824, to authorize the Secretary of the In-terior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and fea-sibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, S. 2087, to modify the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site in the State of Kansas, S. 2412, to establish the Tule Lake National His-toric Site in the State of California, S. 2548, to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, S. 2627, to adjust the boundary of the Mojave National Preserve, S. 2807, to amend title 54, United States Code, to require State approval before the Secretary of the Inte-rior restricts access to waters under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service for recreational or commercial fish-ing, S. 2805, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs Na-tional Park in the State of Minnesota, S. 2923, to redes-ignate the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Park for the Arts’’, S. 2954, to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, S. 3020, to update the map of, and modify the acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument, S. 3027, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and S. 3028, to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Dan-iel J. Evans Wilderness, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 14, Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to ex-amine the Environmental Protection Agency’s progress in implementing Inspector General and Government Ac-countability Office recommendations, 3 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: June 14, to hold hearings to ex-amine energy tax policy in 2016 and beyond, 10 a.m., SD–215. June 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities for United States business in the digital age, 2 p.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD642 June 10, 2016 Committee on Foreign Relations: June 15, Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Wom-en’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine barriers to edu-cation globally, focusing on getting girls in the class-room, 10 a.m., SD–419. June 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine United States policy in Libya, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. June 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine our evolving understanding and response to transnational criminal threats, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: June 15, to hold hearings to examine implementing the Child Care Development Block Grant Act of 2014, focusing on perspectives of stakeholders, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 15, to hold hearings to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on examining solutions, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: June 16, business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States na-tionality, and the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sev-enth Circuit, Stephanie A. Finley, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Claude J. Kelly III, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: June 16, to hold hearings to examine keeping the American dream alive, focusing on creating jobs under the National Labor Relations Board’s new joint employer standard, 11 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 14, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. June 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 9 a.m., SH–216. Special Committee on Aging: June 15, to hold hearings to examine innovations to promote Americans’ financial se-curity, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, June 14, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy and Credit, hearing to re-view the impact of G–20 clearing and trade execution re-quirements, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, June 14, Full Committee, markup on Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. June 15, Full Committee, markup on Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2017, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, June 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Update on the Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, June 15, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Congressional Budgeting: The Need for Fis-cal Goals’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. June 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day Hearing on Budget Process Reform’’, 10:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 14, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Combatting Superbugs: U.S. Public Health Re-sponses to Antibiotic Resistance’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. June 14, Subcommittee on Communications and Tech-nology, hearing entitled ‘‘FCC Overreach: Examining the Proposed Privacy Rules’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Putin’s Russia’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 15, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Egypt: Challenges and Opportu-nities for U.S. Policy’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 16, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Digital Global Access Policy Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘State Sponsors of Terrorism Review Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5208, the ‘‘North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5332, the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Secu-rity Act of 2016’’, 9:45 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 16, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Religious Freedom Crisis and Its Challenge to U.S. Foreign Policy’’, 12:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, June 14, Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Over-staying Their Welcome: National Security Risks Posed by Visa Overstays’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. June 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Cyber-security Act of 2015: Industry Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on Natural Resources, June 14, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on H.R. 5259, the ‘‘Certainty for States and Tribes Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 14, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4685, the ‘‘Tule River Indian Reservation Land Trust, Health, and Economic Development Act’’; and H.R. 5379, the ‘‘Requirements, Expectations, and Standard Procedures for Executive Con-sultation with Tribes Act’’, 11 a.m., 1334 Longworth. June 14, Full Committee, markup on pending legisla-tion, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. June 15, Full Committee, markup on pending legisla-tion (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 15, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘State Perspectives on BLM’s Draft Planning 2.0 Rule’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Na-tional Park Service’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D643 June 10, 2016 June 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the State Department’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. June 15, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 737, condemning and censuring John A. Koskinen, the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. June 16, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Firearms and Munitions at Risk: Examining Inadequate Safe-guards’’, 11 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, June 14, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5293, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropria-tions Act, 2017’’ [amendment consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 15, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Innovation in Solar Fuels, Electricity Storage, and Advanced Materials’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. June 15, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Human Spaceflight Ethics and Obligations: Options for Monitoring, Diagnosing, and Treating Former Astro-nauts’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. June 16, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘SBIR/SSTR Reauthorization: A Review of Technology Transfer’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, June 14, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation, hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Mission Needs and Resources Allocation’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. June 15, Subcommittee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Air Traffic Controller Hiring, Staffing and Training Plans’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, June 15, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating VA’s Management of Veterans’ Paper Records’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. June 15, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 21st Century Programs and Strategies for Veteran Job Seekers’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, June 14, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding U.S. Agriculture Trade and Eliminating Barriers to U.S. Exports’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD644 June 10, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, June 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act, post-clo-ture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, June 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Black, Diane, Tenn., E880, E883, E888 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E886 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E885 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E884 Buck, Ken, Colo., E878, E879 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E881 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E878 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E879 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E886 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E883 Costa, Jim, Calif., E888 DelBene, Suzan K., Wash., E878 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E886 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E882 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E885 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E881 Jolly, David W., Fla., E879, E880, E881, E882, E884, E885, E886, E888, E888 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E877 McGovern, James P., Mass., E880 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E882 Mullin, Markwayne, Okla., E887 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E887 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E887 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E879 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E882 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E878 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E883, E884, E885, E887, E888 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E879, E880, E881 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E881 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10JN6.REC D10JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST