Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5645 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 2016 No. 142 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 20, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable A
DRIAN  S
MITH to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SUMNER W. MEAD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sumner Wright Mead of Kenilworth, Illinois, who, un-fortunately, passed away on September 6 at the age of 92. I will always remem-ber Mr. Mead as a most colorful char-acter who never hesitated to let you know how he felt. For Mr. Mead, his family always came first. He was a beloved husband to Nancy; a father to Sumner, Laura, and Melinda; and a grandfather to Elisabeth, Sumner, Katie, Grace, Brooke, Price, Steele, Will, Paige, and Tyler. Mr. Mead was known for greeting ev-eryone with his welcoming smile. When he wasn’t relaxing in Martha’s Vine-yard or Florida, you could catch him with his family volunteering at the Kenilworth Union Church or sailing on Lake Michigan. Mr. Mead also served our country during World War II. His service to our Nation, I believe, exemplifies how he lived his life, putting others ahead of himself on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, I will forever remember Mr. Mead for his integrity, his loyalty, and most importantly, his friendship. He will be dearly missed. HONORING THE U .S. NAVY  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the United States Navy, which is celebrating its 241st birthday this year. Since October 13, 1775, the Navy has tirelessly protected our shores and our seas. The Navy will always hold a spe-cial place in my heart as, 51 years ago, Lieutenant Commander Robert Shumaker was shot down over Viet-nam. I know him as my Uncle Bob. He became the second naval aviator cap-tured during the Vietnam war. For the next 8 years and one day, he was held as a POW, much of that time in what was the Hoa Lo prison, which we know as the Hanoi Hilton. To me, his story is a reminder of the darkness and cruelty of war, but much more importantly, a reminder of faith and strength of the Navy brotherhood and the honor of serving our country that nobody could take away from him or his fellow sailors. I am also proud to recognize the Great Lakes Naval Station located in Illinois’ 10th Congressional District. Every sailor who serves our country in the Navy has, at one time or another, traveled through the Great Lakes. Since World War I, Great Lakes Naval Station has trained more than 2 mil-lion sailors. I offer my most sincere thanks to all the men and women who have contin-ued to make the sacrifices to protect our rights of life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. HUNGER ACTION MONTH  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Feeding America and to rec-ognize nationwide Hunger Action Month. Everyone knows that feeling of an empty stomach, but for 48 million peo-ple in the United States, including 15 million children, that feeling is a daily reality. Without nutrition, people—and especially children—don’t have the en-ergy to learn, grow, and achieve suc-cess. The Feeding America network is the Nation’s largest domestic hunger relief organization and is headquartered in my home State of Illinois. Their net-work includes more than 200 food banks that provide 4 billion meals to feed virtually every community in the United States through food pantries, shelters, and soup kitchens. This Sep-tember is a time to advocate, raise awareness, and take action to elimi-nate hunger in our communities. Over the past year, I have had the honor to work with numerous local or-ganizations fighting hunger, including the Northern Illinois Food Bank and the Greater Chicago Food Depository. There are also tons of local park dis-tricts in the 10th District that help provide food and support before and after school, as well as during the sum-mer months, such as the Waukegan Park District summer feeding program. Moving forward, I remain committed to working with these groups to fight hunger in the 10th Congressional Dis-trict of Illinois, and I hope my col-leagues will use this month to find or-ganizations in their districts that are doing similar lifesaving work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.000 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5646 September 20, 2016 
NATIONAL HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Hispanic Herit-age Month, which runs annually from September 15 to October 15. During this month, we celebrate the culture and heritage of Hispanic Americans and their many historic contributions to our Nation. In the 10th Congressional District of Illinois, we are fortunate to have many community and business leaders with Hispanic roots. Take, for example, Luis Fuentes, a community leader who helps families in Mundelein, and Esteban Montes de Oca, the owner of multiple bakeries in my district. Mr. Speaker, I also had the amazing opportunity not long ago to bring Erika Martinez, a DREAMer from Round Lake, to the State of the Union Address. Mr. Speaker, until we pass im-migration reform, families like Erika’s are forced to continue to live in fear of being torn apart. We need to act now. So, this month, please join me in rec-ognizing the important contributions that Hispanic Americans have made to our country, and let’s redouble our ef-forts to uphold our long and proud his-tory as a nation of immigrants. 
f 
OVERTIME RULE WILL STIFLE WORKPLACE FLEXIBILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, in May, the Department of Labor released its final overtime rule, which is another egre-gious example of the burdensome regu-lations that continue to hamper our economic recovery and hold North Carolina families back. By stifling workplace flexibility, threatening upward mobility, and bur-dening small businesses, unelected Washington bureaucrats are harming the employees they claim they want to help. The Congressional Review Act of 1996 established a process through which Congress can overturn regulations issued by Federal agencies, and I have introduced a joint resolution of dis-approval to block this controversial rule. Our Nation’s overtime rules need to be modernized, but the Department of Labor’s extreme and partisan approach will lead to damaging consequences that the American people simply can-not afford. I will continue to fight for a more balanced and responsible ap-proach to updating Federal overtime rules. 
f 
STOP ISIS’ GROWING EMPIRE OF EVIL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stress the importance of sup-porting our allies in the region buck-ling under the weight of radicalization and a refugee crisis. The current surge of Syrian refugees sweeping across Europe is challenging the European Union to decisively man-age and absorb hundreds of thousands of people fleeing hostilities in the Mid-dle East. Within the United States, we have also begun to feel its effect on our borders. In an effort to further address the continued challenges associated with relocation and placement, members of the United Nations gathered yesterday for a summit to address the mass movement of refugees, with the goal of unifying member countries behind a more coordinated, humane response. Sadly, with reports of violence re-lated to this crisis and an emboldened enemy that has vowed to take advan-tage of this vulnerable population through means of infiltration and radicalization, we must remain vigi-lant, and the safety and security of the United States must be our paramount concern. As political and religious minorities are forced to flee their homes to find safe haven, we must work with our al-lies to ensure that those who prey on these individuals and sow fear inter-nationally reap only swift justice in re-turn. We can ill afford for ISIS and its network of radicalized lone wolves to gain a critical foothold in Europe from which to stage and broadcast its horri-fying brand of terrorism. One of these vulnerable allies cur-rently in the crosshairs of the refugee crisis is Greece. In fact, just yesterday, one of Greece’s largest refugee camps went up in flames, forcing thousands to flee. With civil wars in both Libya and Syria, Greece is strategically situated to respond, or fall, to foreign threats posed by ISIS. Souda Bay, located in the northwest corner of the Greek island of Crete, ex-tends our security response capabilities by providing, operating, and sustaining superior facilities and services dedi-cated to combat readiness and security of ships, aircraft, detachments, and personnel. Souda Bay has and continues to play a key role in providing security to a re-gion under continual assault from threats to humanity. Along with our strategic partner, Cyprus, which houses airbases used in the fight against ISIS, Greece is a key forward base for the Western alliance. While Greece’s location allows West-ern forces a convenient base from which to confront ISIS, it also makes the country the front line of the ref-ugee crisis. Because of its numerous Aegean islands, Greece is one of the largest countries in the world by coast-line. As we witnessed during the height of the refugee crisis, that coastline pro-vides many landing spots for refugees crossing the Aegean from Turkey. Just as Greece stands with us in the fight against ISIS, we must stand with Greece, providing technical assistance, surveillance and intelligence, and equipment, as it faces increased flows of refugees. Greece represents the east-ernmost borders of the West, and we must ensure that this border is pro-tected. I agree, Mr. Speaker, there is a better way with regard to our national secu-rity. Moving forward, it is paramount that we work with regional allies like Greece in order to mitigate the rising death toll, provide a safe area for mod-erate opposition to form governing structures and rebuild civil society, and allow for the introduction of hu-manitarian aid. This issue should not be a partisan one, Mr. Speaker. Our national secu-rity is a priority we can all agree on. America has always been at its safest when we lead from the front and not from behind. We must not be afraid to stare down evil and take action with our allies around the globe, especially in the Mediterranean. Together, we must stop ISIS’ growing empire of evil before more innocent lives are de-stroyed. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members who are laboring through these challenging days with wisdom, magnanimity, and a shared de-sire to serve our Nation at a pivotal time for us all. May their efforts bring results that rise above any sense of victory for one side or the other but, rather, mutual benefit. In the end, may we continue to trust that You would not abandon those who put their trust in You. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.002 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5647 September 20, 2016 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
SPACE EXPLORATION (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the exploration of space has long united this country. Every American, rich or poor, living in the cities or in the great rural areas that make up our country, can look to the moon knowing that American astronauts planted our flag there. Every time we look up into space, we have something to be proud of, but we know our journey has only just begun. Mr. Speaker, not too long ago, com-mercial spaceflight was disregarded as some distant pipedream of the future. But today, thanks to innovation in places like Mojave, California, com-mercial spaceflights and the spaceports they take off from are the epicenter of space exploration. These are the places leading in our journey to the great unknown. But as commercial space has ventured into the future, government policy has not kept up. We need to ensure government allows commercial spaceflight to suc-ceed by updating laws to reflect chang-ing circumstances. Similar to airports, for our space-ports to function, we need to prioritize safety and minimize the risk of struc-tures interfering with the flight path of spacecraft on launch or reentry. The legislation I introduced today that we are voting on gives the FAA the au-thority they now lack to examine whether structures being built near spaceports will obstruct spaceflight. With this, those leading our journey into space can remain confident that nothing back on Earth will be slowing them down. 
f 
MICHIGAN IS DISENFRANCHISING THE CITIZENS OF FLINT (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, it was reported that, instead of doing what is necessary to fix the Flint water crisis, State of Michigan officials are, instead, focusing on disenfranchising further the people of my hometown. Through sleight of hand and bureau-cratic maneuvers, they are effectively preventing the people of Flint from suing the State government for the harm that has been caused by the State government in my hometown. Just as when the State installed emergency managers to take over the city of Flint, they are now using ob-scure legal wrangling to silence the voices of the people in my community and the people that they elected from representing them in a court of law, from going to court to seek justice, to seek solutions. So, instead of fixing the problem, not only have they denied the people in Flint the resources necessary to solve the problem that they created but they are denying those very same people ac-cess to the judicial process to seek re-dress. This is outrageous; it is wrong; and it has to stop. f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S CLAIM IS INACCURATE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Sunday, Politico revealed that past wire payments to Iran di-rectly contradict the President’s inac-curate claim that the $1.7 billion ran-som payment had to be in cash. ‘‘The United States made at least two separate payments to the Iranian Government via wire transfer within the last 14 months, a Treasury Depart-ment official confirmed Saturday, con-tradicting explanations from President Barack Obama that such payments were impossible. . . . ‘‘In July 2015 . . . the U.S. Govern-ment paid the Islamic Republic ap-proximately $848,000. . . . Then, in April of 2016, the U.S. wired Iran ap-proximately $9 million . . . ‘’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September 11th in the global war on terrorism. Being in New York City yesterday, I saw firsthand the failed legacy of the President. American families are at greater risk of murderous attack today than ever. I am grateful for first re-sponders and the National Guard being everywhere across the city. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LAWS IN THE NATION’S CAPITAL (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have an important announcement to make. We are in the Nation’s Capital where there are not only 700,000 residents but also every major Federal official, and many of the planet’s most controversial fig-ures frequent our streets, restaurants, and other public places. Yet, today, D.C. lawyers must defend its rule re-quiring permits to carry guns in public for good reason. In today’s big cities, illegal guns of all kinds are brought in because Con-gress has failed to pass a background check law. D.C. did the right thing; so say four courts of appeals that have already upheld gun safety laws like D.C.’s, re-quiring a good reason to carry a gun in public. SEPTEMBER IS NATIONAL RICE MONTH (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, the month of September is National Rice Month, a time when we honor the more than 100,000 Americans involved in the rice industry, from the thousands of family farms spread mostly across eight States, to the men and women working in the mills and food proc-essing plants across the country. The reason September is National Rice Month is because, traditionally, this is when we harvest our rice. Right now, American family rice farmers are harvesting what will end up being about 18 billion pounds of rice off 3 mil-lion acres spread across sustainably managed farmland. My district alone, in Louisiana, produces an annual crop worth over $119 million from over 110,000 planted acres across 11 parishes. Much of the United States’ annual rice production will be exported to more than 120 countries around the globe, and much of that will be distrib-uted as humanitarian aid. This complex carbohydrate of rice is an excellent source of protein, fiber, energy, and antioxidants. Here in the U.S., white rice is enriched with more than 15 vitamins and minerals and is fortified with folic acid which, by the way, has been proven to dramatically reduce birth defects. The U.S. rice industry, while it may seem small, provides 125,000 jobs and a whopping $34 billion impact on the U.S. economy. f 
CONGRATULATING THE CORPUS CHRISTI ELKS LODGE (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the mem-bers of the Corpus Christi Elks Lodge for reestablishing Elks in my home-town. Due to some tough times after Hurricane Katrina and declining mem-bership, the local chapter was consoli-dated with a chapter in Kingsville. But thanks to the dedication of the mem-bers of the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks, the Corpus Christi chapter will, once again, resume activi-ties on October 27. For more than 140 years, Elks Lodges have brought much to their commu-nities, including awarding millions of dollars in scholarships, aiding vet-erans, building golf courses and pools, supporting Scouting Troops, providing education to prevent drug abuse, and helping low-income students attend summer camp. It is my belief that having the order return to Corpus Christi will be a huge blessing to our community, and I join my friends and neighbors in thanking them for their dedication and service, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5648 September 20, 2016 
and telling the Elks: welcome back to Corpus Christi, Texas. 
f 
CONSTITUTION WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of Constitution Week. I especially want to honor the efforts of the Daughters of the American Rev-olution, who initiated the observance of Constitution Week in 1955, in order to encourage the study of the events that led to the framing of the Constitu-tion in 1787; to inform the citizens of the United States of America that the Constitution is the basis of America’s heritage and our way of life; and to re-inforce our responsibility to protect, defend, and preserve this great docu-ment. Over this past weekend, the Colonel Hugh White-Colonel John Chatham Daughters of the American Revolution chapter in Lock Haven, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, organized a display of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence at the community’s li-brary. I want to thank the members of the Daughters of the American Revolution in Lock Haven and the members of the DAR all over Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District for everything they do to make sure that we never forget the work of our Nation’s Founders and the tremendous importance of our Con-stitution. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLES EVANS HUGHES (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable man from my district who dedicated his life to serving our country. Charles Evans Hughes was born in Glens Falls, New York, where his first home still stands on Center Street. Mr. Hughes began his storied career in pub-lic service when he was elected Gov-ernor of New York in 1906. He was later appointed to the Supreme Court by President William Howard Taft, where he served 6 years, before resigning in 1916 to run for President. While his run for President would be unsuccessful, Mr. Hughes continued his life of public service by serving as Sec-retary of State for Presidents Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge. Later, Charles Evans Hughes was appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court by President Herbert Hoover. In Glens Falls, we are proud of his amazing legacy of public service, and we will gather on October 15 to cele-brate the 100th anniversary of his run for President. CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. ROSKAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in observance of Childhood Can-cer Awareness Month. Sixteen thousand children in the U.S. are diagnosed with cancer every year. Only one in five will survive. I have a very special constituent, Chase Ewoldt, of Wheaton, Illinois. This is Chase with his mom and dad. He was diagnosed at the age of 2, in July 2012, with a very rare aggressive brain and spinal cancer. He withstood a grueling 14 months of treatment, spending more time in the hospital than he had at home. He survived. He is not out of the woods yet though. Chase is the nationwide ambassador for St. Baldrick’s Foundation, and his mother wrote a book called ‘‘Chase Away Cancer.’’ This is an incredible example of resil-iency, tenacity, and faithfulness in the course of a very difficult season, and I just want to pause and bring attention to Chase and to his family as we recog-nize Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 20, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 20, 2016 at 9:29 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5985. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 5936. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 1475. Appointment: John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
b1415 ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. SPECIAL NEEDS TRUST FAIRNESS AND MEDICAID IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 670) to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to extend the Med-icaid rules regarding supplemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 670 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Special Needs Trust Fairness and Medicaid Improvement Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Fairness in Medicaid supplemental needs trusts. Sec. 3. Medicaid coverage of tobacco cessation services for mothers of newborns. Sec. 4. Eliminating Federal financial participa-tion with respect to expenditures under Medicaid for agents used for cosmetic purposes or hair growth. Sec. 5. Medicaid Improvement Fund. 
SEC. 2. FAIRNESS IN MEDICAID SUPPLEMENTAL NEEDS TRUSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1917(d)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396p(d)(4)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the individual,’’ after ‘‘for the benefit of such individual by’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to trusts estab-lished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. MEDICAID COVERAGE OF TOBACCO CES-SATION SERVICES FOR MOTHERS OF NEWBORNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1905(bb) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(bb)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) A woman shall continue to be treated as described in this subsection as a pregnant woman through the end of the 1-year period be-ginning on the date of the birth of a child of the woman.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b)(2)(B) of sec-tion 1916 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396o) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(and women described in section 1905(bb) as pregnant women pursuant to paragraph (4) of such sec-tion)’’ after ‘‘tobacco cessation by pregnant women’’. (2) Section 1927(d)(2)(F) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(d)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(and women described in section 1905(bb) as pregnant women pursuant to para-graph (4) of such section)’’ after ‘‘pregnant women’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to items and services furnished on or after the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR STATE LEGISLATION .—In the case of a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act, which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation in order for the plan to meet any requirement imposed by amendments made by this section, the plan shall not be regarded as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.006 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5649 September 20, 2016 
failing to comply with the requirements of such title solely on the basis of its failure to meet such an additional requirement before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the effective date specified in paragraph (1). For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be considered to be a separate reg-ular session of the State legislature. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report that assesses the use of the tobacco ces-sation service benefit under the Medicaid pro-gram. Such report shall include an assessment of— (1) the extent that States are encouraging the use of such benefit, such as through promotion of beneficiary and provider awareness of such benefit; and (2) gaps in the delivery of such benefit. 
SEC. 4. ELIMINATING FEDERAL FINANCIAL PAR-TICIPATION WITH RESPECT TO EX-PENDITURES UNDER MEDICAID FOR AGENTS USED FOR COSMETIC PUR-POSES OR HAIR GROWTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1903(i)(21) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(i)(21)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section 1927(d)(2)(C) (re-lating to drugs when used for cosmetic purposes or hair growth), except where medically nec-essary, and’’ after ‘‘drugs described in’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to cal-endar quarters beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. MEDICAID IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1941(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘under paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘under this subsection’’; and (B) by redesignating such paragraph as para-graph (3); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—In addition to any funds otherwise made available to the Fund, there shall be available to the Fund, for expenditures from the Fund— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2021, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2022, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 670, the Special Needs Trust Fairness and Medicaid Improve-ment Act, a bipartisan measure that will remove arbitrary legal barriers for individuals with disabilities to inde-pendently create their own special needs trust. Special needs trusts are valuable tools that enable assets to be saved on behalf of individuals with disabilities, while protecting their eligibility for means-tested benefits. Under current law, individuals who are or become dis-abled must have a parent, a guardian, or a court-appointed special needs trust regardless of the individual’s ca-pacity to do so on their own. Mr. Speaker, not only does this re-quirement place an undue burden on individuals who seek a better financial future and want to live with dignity, it runs counter to the precedent set by Congress with the creation of pooled trust accounts in 1993 and the passage of the ABLE Act in 2014. Both provide disabled individuals and their families unencumbered access to mechanisms for savings. My drive to correct this legal in-equity stems from my experience as a certified recreational therapist, a hos-pital manager, a rehabilitation serv-ices manager, and a licensed nursing home administrator. In these roles, I worked with many people who set out on challenging journeys towards reha-bilitation and future independence. As a result, I found it difficult to ignore the fact that current law is working to further complicate anyone’s path to be-coming more self-reliant and inde-pendent. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to share the personal nar-rative of Rana McMurray Arnold, co-founder and director of the Sight-Loss Support Group of Central Pennsylvania and a constituent of mine. As an indi-vidual who is living with blindness, Rana helped form a remarkable non-profit to assist others with sight loss by providing peer counseling, vision re-habilitation referral services, and di-rect accessibility support for local events. Despite challenges she has been faced with, Rana has led a very ful-filling and successful life, running a successful service organization for 30 years and raising a family. However, under the current law, Rana would be deemed unfit to establish her own spe-cial needs trust. It is on Rana’s behalf and on behalf of the millions of Americans living with disabilities that I introduced H.R. 670, and I am grateful for its consider-ation this afternoon on the House floor. I would also like to thank another constituent of mine, Amos Goodall, who has worked as an elder law attor-ney in State College, Pennsylvania. Mr. Goodall originally brought this issue to my attention and has been a tireless advocate for this bill. I would also like to thank Katie Brown of my staff, whose work on this bill has got-ten us to this point today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in seizing this opportunity to correct a legal inequity and safeguard the rights of Americans living with dis-abilities to secure their own future fi-nancial stability. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bipartisan legislation, H.R. 670, the Special Needs Trust Fairness and Med-icaid Improvement Act. This legisla-tion, which I have championed for mul-tiple Congresses with my Republican colleague, Representative GLENN  T
HOMPSON , would allow individuals with disabilities to set up special needs trusts for themselves without a court petition. I thank Representative T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania for his continued leader-ship on this issue. A special needs trust is a special kind of trust that is designed to provide sup-port for certain expenses for disabled individuals to supplement Medicaid benefits. Currently, these types of trusts generally must be established by parents, grandparents, legal guardians, or a court on behalf of the disabled in-dividual. People can only set up a spe-cial needs trust for themselves after petitioning a court. Oftentimes, this process can take several months and can incur significant legal fees during the process. This is just not right. Individuals with disabilities can and should have the ability to set up a special needs trust for themselves, and this legisla-tion fixes that basic inequity. This is a commonsense but very meaningful fix in the lives of those living with a dis-ability. I would like to also note that H.R. 670 was amended in the Energy and Com-merce Committee by adding an addi-tional provision to require States to extend tobacco cessation coverage to pregnant women through the first year postpartum. This is also good policy. Tobacco cessation is absolutely critical to both saving dollars and saving lives, and particularly so for pregnant and postpartum women. When we invest in helping people to quit smoking, the benefit is not only clear to the health of our communities, but also to our economy. My own home State of New Jersey is currently pilot-ing a project in our Medicaid program specifically aimed at cutting costs and improving birth outcomes through tar-geted, evidence-based efforts to help pregnant women to quit smoking. In addition, these policies are fully offset by clarifying that the Federal match for hair growth and cosmetic products is available when those prod-ucts are medically necessary, which is the current policy of most States al-ready. The remaining savings are put in a Medicaid improvement fund as a downpayment on more positive im-provements to the Medicaid program in the future. So I am very proud, Mr. Speaker, that we were able to work together on these policies. This is an example of the type of work that we should do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.003 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5650 September 20, 2016 
more often in the Medicaid program: working together to pass policies that remove barriers for beneficiaries, strengthen benefits, and support the long-term health of the program over-all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 670. I hope that the Sen-ate will consider this new version so it can swiftly become law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to commend my friend from Pennsylvania who has spent so much effort on this. We had testimony in the Energy and Commerce Committee, families coming before us who were in situations that are difficult and gives them the opportunity to provide for their loved one, the original intent of the bill. This one allows the individual himself or herself to set up and pro-vide. I think that is the right thing to do. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 670, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SUPPORTING YOUTH OPPOR-TUNITY AND PREVENTING DE-LINQUENCY ACT OF 2016 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5963) to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5963 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delin-quency Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF FINDINGS, PURPOSE, AND DEFINITIONS Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Purposes. Sec. 103. Definitions. TITLE II—JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION Sec. 201. Concentration of Federal efforts. Sec. 202. Coordinating Council on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention. Sec. 203. Annual report. Sec. 204. Allocation of funds. Sec. 205. State plans. Sec. 206. Repeal of juvenile delinquency pre-vention block grant program. Sec. 207. Research and evaluation; statis-tical analyses; information dis-semination. Sec. 208. Training and technical assistance. Sec. 209. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 210. Administrative authority. TITLE III—INCENTIVE GRANTS FOR LOCAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAMS Sec. 301. Short Title. Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. Duties and functions of the admin-istrator. Sec. 304. Grants for delinquency prevention programs. Sec. 305. Grants for tribal delinquency pre-vention and response programs. Sec. 306. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 307. Technical amendment. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Evaluation by Government Ac-countability Office. Sec. 402. Accountability and oversight. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF FINDINGS, PURPOSE, AND DEFINITIONS SEC. 101. FINDINGS. 
Section 101(a)(9) of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601(a)(9)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including offenders who enter the juvenile justice system as the result of sexual abuse, exploitation, and trauma,’’ after ‘‘young ju-venile offenders’’. 
SEC. 102. PURPOSES. 
Section 102 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5602) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘State’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) to assist State, tribal, and local gov-ernments in addressing juvenile crime through the provision of technical assist-ance, research, training, evaluation, and the dissemination of current and relevant infor-mation on effective and evidence-based pro-grams and practices for combating juvenile delinquency; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to support a continuum of evidence- based or promising programs (including de-linquency prevention, intervention, mental health, behavioral health and substance abuse treatment, family services, and serv-ices for children exposed to violence) that are trauma informed, reflect the science of adolescent development, and are designed to meet the needs of at-risk youth and youth who come into contact with the justice sys-tem.’’. 
SEC. 103. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5603) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (C); (2) in paragraph (18) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘that has a law enforcement function, as de-termined by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the Attorney General;’’. (3) by amending paragraph (22) to read as follows: ‘‘(22) the term ‘jail or lockup for adults’ means a secure facility that is used by a State, unit of local government, or law en-forcement authority to detain or confine adult inmates;’’; (4) by amending paragraph (25) to read as follows: ‘‘(25) the term ‘sight or sound contact’ means any physical, clear visual, or verbal contact that is not brief and inadvertent;’’; (5) by amending paragraph (26) to read as follows: ‘‘(26) the term ‘adult inmate’— ‘‘(A) means an individual who— ‘‘(i) has reached the age of full criminal re-sponsibility under applicable State law; and ‘‘(ii) has been arrested and is in custody for or awaiting trial on a criminal charge, or is convicted of a criminal offense; and ‘‘(B) does not include an individual who— ‘‘(i) at the time of the time of the offense, was younger than the maximum age at which a youth can be held in a juvenile facil-ity under applicable State law; and ‘‘(ii) was committed to the care and cus-tody or supervision, including post-place-ment or parole supervision, of a juvenile cor-rectional agency by a court of competent ju-risdiction or by operation of applicable State law;’’; (6) in paragraph (28), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (7) in paragraph (29), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(30) the term ‘core requirements’— ‘‘(A) means the requirements described in paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (15) of section 223(a); and ‘‘(B) does not include the data collection requirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (K) of section 207(1); ‘‘(31) the term ‘chemical agent’ means a spray or injection used to temporarily inca-pacitate a person, including oleoresin cap-sicum spray, tear gas, and 2- chlorobenzalmalononitrile gas; ‘‘(32) the term ‘isolation’— ‘‘(A) means any instance in which a youth is confined alone for more than 10 minutes in a room or cell; and ‘‘(B) does not include— ‘‘(i) confinement during regularly sched-uled sleeping hours; ‘‘(ii) separation based on a treatment pro-gram approved by a licensed medical or men-tal health professional; ‘‘(iii) confinement or separation that is re-quested by the youth; or ‘‘(iv) the separation of the youth from a group in a nonlocked setting for the limited purpose of calming; ‘‘(33) the term ‘restraints’ has the meaning given that term in section 591 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290ii); ‘‘(34) the term ‘evidence-based’ means a program or practice that— ‘‘(A) is demonstrated to be effective when implemented with fidelity; ‘‘(B) is based on a clearly articulated and empirically supported theory; ‘‘(C) has measurable outcomes relevant to juvenile justice, including a detailed descrip-tion of the outcomes produced in a par-ticular population, whether urban or rural; and ‘‘(D) has been scientifically tested and proven effective through randomized control studies or comparison group studies and with the ability to replicate and scale; ‘‘(35) the term ‘promising’ means a pro-gram or practice that— ‘‘(A) is demonstrated to be effective based on positive outcomes relevant to juvenile justice from 1 or more objective, inde-pendent, and scientifically valid evaluations, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.008 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5651 September 20, 2016 
as documented in writing to the Adminis-trator; and ‘‘(B) will be evaluated through a well-de-signed and rigorous study, as described in paragraph (34)(D); ‘‘(36) the term ‘dangerous practice’ means an act, procedure, or program that creates an unreasonable risk of physical injury, pain, or psychological harm to a juvenile subjected to the act, procedure, or program; ‘‘(37) the term ‘screening’ means a brief process— ‘‘(A) designed to identify youth who may have mental health, behavioral health, sub-stance abuse, or other needs requiring imme-diate attention, intervention, and further evaluation; and ‘‘(B) the purpose of which is to quickly identify a youth with possible mental health, behavioral health, substance abuse, or other needs in need of further assessment; ‘‘(38) the term ‘assessment’ includes, at a minimum, an interview and review of avail-able records and other pertinent informa-tion— ‘‘(A) by an appropriately trained profes-sional who is licensed or certified by the ap-plicable State in the mental health, behav-ioral health, or substance abuse fields; and ‘‘(B) which is designed to identify signifi-cant mental health, behavioral health, or substance abuse treatment needs to be ad-dressed during a youth’s confinement; ‘‘(39) for purposes of section 223(a)(15), the term ‘contact’ means the points at which a youth and the juvenile justice system or criminal justice system officially intersect, including interactions with a juvenile jus-tice, juvenile court, or law enforcement offi-cial; ‘‘(40) the term ‘trauma-informed’ means— ‘‘(A) understanding the impact that expo-sure to violence and trauma have on a youth’s physical, psychological, and psycho-social development; ‘‘(B) recognizing when a youth has been ex-posed to violence and trauma and is in need of help to recover from the adverse impacts of trauma; and ‘‘(C) responding in ways that resist re-traumatization; ‘‘(41) the term ‘racial and ethnic disparity’ means minority youth populations are in-volved at a decision point in the juvenile jus-tice system at higher rates, incrementally or cumulatively, than non-minority youth at that decision point; ‘‘(42) the term ‘status offender’ means a ju-venile who is charged with or who has com-mitted an offense that would not be criminal if committed by an adult; ‘‘(43) the term ‘rural’ means an area that is not located in a metropolitan statistical area, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(44) the term ‘internal controls’ means a process implemented to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of ob-jectives in— ‘‘(A) effectiveness and efficiency of oper-ations, such as grant management practices; ‘‘(B) reliability of reporting for internal and external use; and ‘‘(C) compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as recommendations of the Office of Inspector General and the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; and ‘‘(45) the term ‘tribal government’ means the governing body of an Indian tribe.’’. TITLE II—JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PREVENTION 
SEC. 201. CONCENTRATION OF FEDERAL EF-FORTS. 
Section 204 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5614) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘a long-term plan, and im-plement’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘a long-term plan to improve the juvenile jus-tice system in the United States, taking into account scientific knowledge regarding ado-lescent development and behavior and re-garding the effects of delinquency prevention programs and juvenile justice interventions on adolescents, and shall implement’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘research, and improve-ment of the juvenile justice system in the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘and re-search’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘Fed-eral Register’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘Federal Register during the 30-day period ending on October 1 of each year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, in consultation with Indian tribes, de-velop a policy for the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention to collabo-rate with representatives of Indian tribes with a criminal justice function on the im-plementation of the provisions of this Act re-lating to Indian tribes;’’; (D) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (E) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘monitoring’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 223(a)(15)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 223(a)(16)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to review the adequacy of such systems; and’’ and inserting ‘‘for moni-toring compliance.’’. SEC. 202. COORDINATING COUNCIL ON JUVENILE JUSTICE AND DELINQUENCY PRE-VENTION. 
Section 206 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5616) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, the Secretary of the Inte-rior,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Health and Human Services,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Immigra-tion and Naturalization’’ and inserting ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘United States’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Govern-ment’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (12)(A), (13), and (14) of section 223(a) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘the core require-ments’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, on an annual basis’’ after ‘‘collectively’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) not later than 120 days after the com-pletion of the last meeting of the Council during any fiscal year, submit to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate a re-port that— ‘‘(i) contains the recommendations de-scribed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) includes a detailed account of the ac-tivities conducted by the Council during the fiscal year, including a complete detailed ac-counting of expenses incurred by the Council to conduct operations in accordance with this section; ‘‘(iii) is published on the Web sites of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, the Council, and the Department of Justice; and ‘‘(iv) is in addition to the annual report re-quired under section 207.’’. SEC. 203. ANNUAL REPORT. 
Section 207 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5617) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and gender’’ and inserting ‘‘, gender, and eth-nicity, as such term is defined by the Bureau of the Census,’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (F)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and other’’ before ‘‘dis-abilities,’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) a summary of data from 1 month of the applicable fiscal year of the use of re-straints and isolation upon juveniles held in the custody of secure detention and correc-tional facilities operated by a State or unit of local government; ‘‘(H) the number of status offense cases pe-titioned to court, number of status offenders held in secure detention, the findings used to justify the use of secure detention, and the average period of time a status offender was held in secure detention; ‘‘(I) the number of juveniles released from custody and the type of living arrangement to which they are released; ‘‘(J) the number of juveniles whose offense originated on school grounds, during school- sponsored off-campus activities, or due to a referral by a school official, as collected and reported by the Department of Education or similar State educational agency; and ‘‘(K) the number of juveniles in the cus-tody of secure detention and correctional fa-cilities operated by a State or unit of local government who report being pregnant.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A description of the criteria used to determine what programs qualify as evi-dence-based and promising programs under this title and title V and a comprehensive list of those programs the Administrator has determined meet such criteria in both rural and urban areas. ‘‘(6) A description of funding provided to Indian tribes under this Act or for a juvenile delinquency or prevention program under the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–211; 124 Stat. 2261), including direct Federal grants and funding provided to In-dian tribes through a State or unit of local government. ‘‘(7) An analysis and evaluation of the in-ternal controls at the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention to deter-mine if grantees are following the require-ments of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention grant programs and what remedial action the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention has taken to recover any grant funds that are ex-pended in violation of the grant programs, including instances— ‘‘(A) in which supporting documentation was not provided for cost reports; ‘‘(B) where unauthorized expenditures oc-curred; or ‘‘(C) where subrecipients of grant funds were not compliant with program require-ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5652 September 20, 2016 
‘‘(8) An analysis and evaluation of the total amount of payments made to grantees that the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention recouped from grantees that were found to be in violation of policies and procedures of the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention grant pro-grams, including— ‘‘(A) the full name and location of the grantee; ‘‘(B) the violation of the program found; ‘‘(C) the amount of funds sought to be re-couped by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention; and ‘‘(D) the actual amount recouped by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention.’’. 
SEC. 204. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 221(b)(1) of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5631(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’. (b) O
THER ALLOCATIONS .—Section 222 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5632) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘age eighteen’’ and inserting ‘‘18 years of age, based on the most recent data available from the Bureau of the Census’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) If the aggregate amount appro-priated for a fiscal year to carry out this title is less than $75,000,000, then— ‘‘(i) the amount allocated to each State other than a State described in clause (ii) for that fiscal year shall be not less than $400,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands for that fiscal year shall be not less than $75,000. ‘‘(B) If the aggregate amount appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out this title is not less than $75,000,000, then— ‘‘(i) the amount allocated to each State other than a State described in clause (ii) for that fiscal year shall be not less than $600,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands for that fiscal year shall be not less than $100,000.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘efficient administration, including monitoring, eval-uation, and one full-time staff position’’ and inserting ‘‘effective and efficient administra-tion of funds, including the designation of not less than 1 individual who shall coordi-nate efforts to achieve and sustain compli-ance with the core requirements and certify whether the State is in compliance with such requirements’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘5 per cen-tum of the minimum’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 5 percent of the’’. 
SEC. 205. STATE PLANS. 
Section 223 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5633) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and shall describe the status of compliance with State plan requirements.’’ and inserting ‘‘and shall describe how the State plan is supported by or takes account of scientific knowledge regarding adolescent development and behavior and regarding the effects of delinquency prevention programs and juvenile justice interventions on adoles-cents. Not later than 60 days after the date on which a plan or amended plan submitted under this subsection is finalized, a State shall make the plan or amended plan pub-licly available by posting the plan or amend-ed plan on the State’s publicly available website.’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘described in section 299(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘as des-ignated by the chief executive officer of the State’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘adolescent development,’’ after ‘‘concerning’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘pub-licly supported court-appointed legal counsel with experience representing juveniles in de-linquency proceedings,’’ after ‘‘youth,’’; (bb) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘mental health, education, special education’’ and in-serting ‘‘child and adolescent mental health, education, child and adolescent substance abuse, special education, services for youth with disabilities’’; (cc) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘delinquents or potential delinquents’’ and inserting ‘‘delinquent youth or youth at risk of delinquency’’; (dd) in subclause (VI), by striking ‘‘youth workers involved with’’ and inserting ‘‘rep-resentatives of’’; (ee) in subclause (VII), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ff) by striking subclause (VIII) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(VIII) persons, licensed or certified by the applicable State, with expertise and com-petence in preventing and addressing mental health and substance abuse needs in delin-quent youth and youth at risk of delin-quency; ‘‘(IX) representatives of victim or witness advocacy groups, including at least 1 indi-vidual with expertise in addressing the chal-lenges of sexual abuse and exploitation and trauma, particularly the needs of special populations who experience disproportionate levels of sexual abuse, exploitation, and trauma before entering the juvenile justice system; and ‘‘(X) for a State in which 1 or more Indian tribes are located, an Indian tribal represent-ative or other individual with significant ex-pertise in tribal law enforcement and juve-nile justice in Indian tribal communities;’’; (III) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘24 at the time of appointment’’ and inserting ‘‘28 at the time of initial appointment’’; and (IV) in clause (v) by inserting ‘‘or, if not feasible and in appropriate circumstances, who is the parent or guardian of someone who has been or is currently under the juris-diction of the juvenile justice system’’ after ‘‘juvenile justice system’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘at least an-nually recommendations regarding State compliance with the requirements of para-graphs (11), (12), and (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘at least every 2 years a report and necessary recommendations regarding State compli-ance with the core requirements’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in clause (i), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (D) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘Indian tribes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘appli-cable to the detention and confinement of ju-veniles’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian tribes that agree to attempt to comply with the core re-quirements applicable to the detention and confinement of juveniles’’; (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘per-forms law enforcement functions’’ and in-serting ‘‘has jurisdiction’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking clause (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) a plan to provide alternatives to de-tention for status offenders, survivors of commercial sexual exploitation, and others, where appropriate, such as specialized or problem-solving courts or diversion to home- based or community-based services or treat-ment for those youth in need of mental health, substance abuse, or co-occurring dis-order services at the time such juveniles first come into contact with the juvenile jus-tice system; ‘‘(v) a plan to reduce the number of chil-dren housed in secure detention and correc-tions facilities who are awaiting placement in residential treatment programs; ‘‘(vi) a plan to engage family members, where appropriate, in the design and delivery of juvenile delinquency prevention and treat-ment services, particularly post-placement; ‘‘(vii) a plan to use community-based serv-ices to respond to the needs of at-risk youth or youth who have come into contact with the juvenile justice system; ‘‘(viii) a plan to promote evidence-based and trauma-informed programs and prac-tices; and ‘‘(ix) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, a plan, which shall be implemented not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, to— ‘‘(I) eliminate the use of restraints of known pregnant juveniles housed in secure juvenile detention and correction facilities, during labor, delivery, and post-partum re-covery, unless credible, reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an im-mediate and serious threat of hurting her-self, staff, or others; and ‘‘(II) eliminate the use of abdominal re-straints, leg and ankle restraints, wrist re-straints behind the back, and four-point re-straints on known pregnant juveniles, un-less— ‘‘(aa) credible, reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and serious threat of hurting herself, staff, or others; or ‘‘(bb) reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and credible risk of escape that cannot be reason-ably minimized through any other method;’’; (F) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘existing’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence-based and prom-ising’’; (G) in paragraph (9)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, with priority in funding given to entities meeting the criteria for evi-dence-based or promising programs’’ after ‘‘used for’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘status offenders and other’’ before ‘‘youth who need’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (III) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) for youth who are active or former gang members, specialized intensive and comprehensive services that address the unique issues encountered by youth when they become involved with gangs;’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (I) by striking ‘‘parents and other family members’’ and inserting ‘‘status offenders, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5653 September 20, 2016 
other youth, and the parents and other fam-ily members of such offenders and youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘be retained’’ and inserting ‘‘remain’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘delinquent’’ and inserting ‘‘at-risk or delinquent youth’’; and (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, including for truancy prevention and reduction’’ before the semicolon; (v) in subparagraph (F), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘expanding’’ and inserting ‘‘programs to expand’’; (vi) by redesignating subparagraphs (G) through (S) as subparagraphs (H) through (T), respectively; (vii) by inserting after subparagraph (F), the following: ‘‘(G) programs— ‘‘(i) to ensure youth have access to appro-priate legal representation; and ‘‘(ii) to expand access to publicly sup-ported, court-appointed legal counsel who are trained to represent juveniles in adju-dication proceedings, except that the State may not use more than 2 percent of the funds received under section 222 for these purposes;’’; (viii) in subparagraph (H), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘State,’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘State, tribal,’’; (ix) in subparagraph (M), as so redesig-nated— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘pre-adjudication and’’ before ‘‘post-adjudication’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘restraints’’ and inserting ‘‘alternatives’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘specialized or problem- solving courts,’’ after ‘‘(including’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘by the provision by the Administrator’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘to States’’; (x) in subparagraph (N), as redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘and reduce the risk of re-cidivism’’ after ‘‘families’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘so that such juveniles may be retained in their homes’’; (xi) in subparagraph (S), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (xii) in subparagraph (T), as so redesig-nated— (I) by inserting ‘‘or co-occurring disorder’’ after ‘‘mental health’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘court-involved or’’ before ‘‘incarcerated’’; (III) by striking ‘‘suspected to be’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘and discharge plans’’ and inserting ‘‘provision of treatment, and devel-opment of discharge plans’’; and (V) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (xiii) by inserting after subparagraph (T) the following: ‘‘(U) programs and projects designed— ‘‘(i) to inform juveniles of the opportunity and process for sealing and expunging juve-nile records; and ‘‘(ii) to assist juveniles in pursuing juve-nile record sealing and expungements for both adjudications and arrests not followed by adjudications; except that the State may not use more than 2 percent of the funds received under section 222 for these purposes; ‘‘(V) programs that address the needs of girls in or at risk of entering the juvenile justice system, including pregnant girls, young mothers, victims of sexual abuse, sur-vivors of commercial sexual exploitation or domestic child sex trafficking, girls with dis-abilities, and girls of color, including girls who are members of an Indian tribe; and ‘‘(W) monitoring for compliance with the core requirements and providing training and technical assistance on the core require-ments to secure facilities;’’; (H) by striking paragraph (11) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(11)(A) in accordance with rules issued by the Administrator, provide that a juvenile shall not be placed in a secure detention fa-cility or a secure correctional facility, if— ‘‘(i) the juvenile is charged with or has committed an offense that would not be criminal if committed by an adult, exclud-ing— ‘‘(I) a juvenile who is charged with or has committed a violation of section 922(x)(2) of title 18, United States Code, or of a similar State law; ‘‘(II) a juvenile who is charged with or has committed a violation of a valid court order issued and reviewed in accordance with para-graph (23); and ‘‘(III) a juvenile who is held in accordance with the Interstate Compact on Juveniles as enacted by the State; or ‘‘(ii) the juvenile— ‘‘(I) is not charged with any offense; and ‘‘(II)(aa) is an alien; or ‘‘(bb) is alleged to be dependent, neglected, or abused; and ‘‘(B) require that— ‘‘(i) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, unless a court finds, after a hearing and in writing, that it is in the interest of jus-tice, juveniles awaiting trial or other legal process who are treated as adults for pur-poses of prosecution in criminal court and housed in a secure facility— ‘‘(I) shall not have sight or sound contact with adult inmates; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in paragraph (13), may not be held in any jail or lockup for adults; ‘‘(ii) in determining under subparagraph (A) whether it is in the interest of justice to permit a juvenile to be held in any jail or lockup for adults, or have sight or sound contact with adult inmates, a court shall consider— ‘‘(I) the age of the juvenile; ‘‘(II) the physical and mental maturity of the juvenile; ‘‘(III) the present mental state of the juve-nile, including whether the juvenile presents an imminent risk of harm to the juvenile; ‘‘(IV) the nature and circumstances of the alleged offense; ‘‘(V) the juvenile’s history of prior delin-quent acts; ‘‘(VI) the relative ability of the available adult and juvenile detention facilities to not only meet the specific needs of the juvenile but also to protect the safety of the public as well as other detained youth; and ‘‘(VII) any other relevant factor; and ‘‘(iii) if a court determines under subpara-graph (A) that it is in the interest of justice to permit a juvenile to be held in any jail or lockup for adults— ‘‘(I) the court shall hold a hearing not less frequently than once every 30 days, or in the case of a rural jurisdiction, not less fre-quently than once every 45 days, to review whether it is still in the interest of justice to permit the juvenile to be so held or have such sight or sound contact; and ‘‘(II) the juvenile shall not be held in any jail or lockup for adults, or permitted to have sight or sound contact with adult in-mates, for more than 180 days, unless the court, in writing, determines there is good cause for an extension or the juvenile ex-pressly waives this limitation;’’. (I) in paragraph (12)(A), by striking ‘‘con-tact’’ and inserting ‘‘sight or sound con-tact’’; (J) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘contact’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sight or sound contact’’; (K) in paragraph (14)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘adequate system’’ and in-serting ‘‘effective system’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘lock-ups,’’ after ‘‘moni-toring jails,’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘detention fa-cilities,’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘, and non-secure facili-ties’’; (v) by striking ‘‘insure’’ and inserting ‘‘en-sure’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘requirements of para-graphs (11), (12), and (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘core requirements’’; and (vii) by striking ‘‘, in the opinion of the Administrator,’’; (L) by striking paragraphs (22) and (27); (M) by redesignating paragraph (28) as paragraph (27); (N) by redesignating paragraphs (15) through (21) as paragraphs (16) through (22), respectively; (O) by inserting after paragraph (14) the following: ‘‘(15) implement policy, practice, and sys-tem improvement strategies at the State, territorial, local, and tribal levels, as appli-cable, to identify and reduce racial and eth-nic disparities among youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system, without establishing or requiring numerical standards or quotas, by— ‘‘(A) establishing or designating existing coordinating bodies, composed of juvenile justice stakeholders, (including representa-tives of the educational system) at the State, local, or tribal levels, to advise efforts by States, units of local government, and In-dian tribes to reduce racial and ethnic dis-parities; ‘‘(B) identifying and analyzing data on race and ethnicity at all decision points in State, local, or tribal juvenile justice systems to determine which key points create racial and ethnic disparities among youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice sys-tem; and ‘‘(C) developing and implementing a work plan that includes measurable objectives for policy, practice, or other system changes, based on the needs identified in the data col-lection and analysis under subparagraph (B);’’; (P) in paragraph (16), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘ethnicity,’’ after ‘‘race,’’; (Q) in paragraph (21), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘local,’’ each place the term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘local, tribal,’’; (R) in paragraph (23)— (i) in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), by striking ‘‘juvenile’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘status offender’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) if such court determines the status offender should be placed in a secure deten-tion facility or correctional facility for vio-lating such order— ‘‘(I) the court shall issue a written order that— ‘‘(aa) identifies the valid court order that has been violated; ‘‘(bb) specifies the factual basis for deter-mining that there is reasonable cause to be-lieve that the status offender has violated such order; ‘‘(cc) includes findings of fact to support a determination that there is no appropriate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5654 September 20, 2016 
less restrictive alternative available to plac-ing the status offender in such a facility, with due consideration to the best interest of the juvenile; ‘‘(dd) specifies the length of time, not to exceed 7 days, that the status offender may remain in a secure detention facility or cor-rectional facility, and includes a plan for the status offender’s release from such facility; and ‘‘(ee) may not be renewed or extended; and ‘‘(II) the court may not issue a second or subsequent order described in subclause (I) relating to a status offender unless the sta-tus offender violates a valid court order after the date on which the court issues an order described in subclause (I);’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) there are procedures in place to en-sure that any status offender held in a secure detention facility or correctional facility pursuant to a court order described in this paragraph does not remain in custody longer than 7 days or the length of time authorized by the court, whichever is shorter; and ‘‘(E) not later than September 30, 2020 (with a 1-year extension for each additional fiscal year that a State can demonstrate hardship, as determined by the State, and submits in writing evidence of such hardship to the Administrator which shall be consid-ered approved unless the Administrator jus-tifies to the State in writing that the hard-ship does not qualify for an exemption), the State will eliminate the use of valid court orders to provide secure confinement of sta-tus offenders, except that juveniles may be held in secure confinement in accordance with the Interstate Compact for Juveniles if the judge issues a written order that— ‘‘(i) specifies the factual basis to believe that the State has the authority to detain the juvenile under the terms of the Inter-state Compact for Juveniles; ‘‘(ii) includes findings of fact to support a determination that there is no appropriate less restrictive alternative available to plac-ing the juvenile in such a facility, with due consideration to the best interest of the ju-venile; ‘‘(iii) specifies the length of time a juvenile may remain in secure confinement, not to exceed 15 days, and includes a plan for the return of the juvenile to the home State of the juvenile; and ‘‘(iv) may not be renewed or extended;’’; (S) in paragraph (26)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and in accordance with confidentiality concerns,’’ after ‘‘maximum extent practicable,’’; and (ii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, so as to pro-vide for— ‘‘(A) data in child abuse or neglect reports relating to juveniles entering the juvenile justice system with a prior reported history of arrest, court intake, probation and parole, juvenile detention, and corrections; and ‘‘(B) a plan to use the data described in subparagraph (A) to provide necessary serv-ices for the treatment of such victims of child abuse or neglect;’’; (T) in paragraph (27), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (U) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) provide for the coordinated use of funds provided under this title with other Federal and State funds directed at juvenile delinquency prevention and intervention programs; ‘‘(29) describe the policies, procedures, and training in effect for the staff of juvenile State correctional facilities to eliminate the use of dangerous practices, unreasonable re-straints, and unreasonable isolation, includ-ing by developing effective behavior manage-ment techniques; ‘‘(30) describe— ‘‘(A) the evidence-based methods that will be used to conduct mental health and sub-stance abuse screening, assessment, referral, and treatment for juveniles who— ‘‘(i) request a screening; ‘‘(ii) show signs of needing a screening; or ‘‘(iii) are held for a period of more than 24 hours in a secure facility that provides for an initial screening; and ‘‘(B) how the State will seek, to the extent practicable, to provide or arrange for mental health and substance abuse disorder treat-ment for juveniles determined to be in need of such treatment; ‘‘(31) describe how reentry planning by the State for juveniles will include— ‘‘(A) a written case plan based on an as-sessment of needs that includes— ‘‘(i) the pre-release and post-release plans for the juveniles; ‘‘(ii) the living arrangement to which the juveniles are to be discharged; and ‘‘(iii) any other plans developed for the ju-veniles based on an individualized assess-ment; and ‘‘(B) review processes; ‘‘(32) provide an assurance that the agency of the State receiving funds under this title collaborates with the State educational agency receiving assistance under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) to develop and implement a plan to ensure that, in order to support educational progress— ‘‘(A) the student records of adjudicated ju-veniles, including electronic records if avail-able, are transferred in a timely manner from the educational program in the juvenile detention or secure treatment facility to the educational or training program into which the juveniles will enroll; ‘‘(B) the credits of adjudicated juveniles are transferred; and ‘‘(C) adjudicated juveniles receive full or partial credit toward high school graduation for secondary school coursework satisfac-torily completed before and during the pe-riod of time during which the juveniles are held in custody, regardless of the local edu-cational agency or entity from which the credits were earned; and ‘‘(33) describe policies and procedures to— ‘‘(A) screen for, identify, and document in records of the State the identification of vic-tims of domestic human trafficking, or those at risk of such trafficking, upon intake; and ‘‘(B) divert youth described in subpara-graph (A) to appropriate programs or serv-ices, to the extent practicable.’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) If a State fails to comply with any of the core requirements in any fiscal year, then— ‘‘(A) subject to subparagraph (B), the amount allocated to such State under sec-tion 222 for the subsequent fiscal year shall be reduced by not less than 20 percent for each core requirement with respect to which the failure occurs; and ‘‘(B) the State shall be ineligible to receive any allocation under such section for such fiscal year unless— ‘‘(i) the State agrees to expend 50 percent of the amount allocated to the State for such fiscal year to achieve compliance with any such core requirement with respect to which the State is in noncompliance; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines that the State— ‘‘(I) has achieved substantial compliance with such applicable requirements with re-spect to which the State was not in compli-ance; and ‘‘(II) has made, through appropriate execu-tive or legislative action, an unequivocal commitment to achieving full compliance with such applicable requirements within a reasonable time. ‘‘(2) Of the total amount of funds not allo-cated for a fiscal year under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) 50 percent of the unallocated funds shall be reallocated under section 222 to States that have not failed to comply with the core requirements; and ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the unallocated funds shall be used by the Administrator to pro-vide additional training and technical assist-ance to States for the purpose of promoting compliance with the core requirements.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘described in paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (22) of subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘described in the core require-ments’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the requirements under paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (22) of sub-section (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the core require-ments’’; (4) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the Administrator shall make a determination regarding whether each State receiving a grant under this title is in compliance or out of compliance with respect to each of the core requirements. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) issue an annual public report— ‘‘(i) describing any determination de-scribed in paragraph (1) made during the pre-vious year, including a summary of the in-formation on which the determination is based and the actions to be taken by the Ad-ministrator (including a description of any reduction imposed under subsection (c)); and ‘‘(ii) for any such determination that a State is out of compliance with any of the core requirements, describing the basis for the determination; and ‘‘(B) make the report described in subpara-graph (A) available on a publicly available website. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATIONS REQUIRED .—The Ad- ministrator may not— ‘‘(A) determine that a State is ‘not out of compliance’, or issue any other determina-tion not described in paragraph (1), with re-spect to any core requirement; or ‘‘(B) otherwise fail to make the compliance determinations required under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 206. REPEAL OF JUVENILE DELINQUENCY PREVENTION BLOCK GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Part C of title II of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5651 et seq.) is repealed. 
SEC. 207. RESEARCH AND EVALUATION; STATIS-TICAL ANALYSES; INFORMATION DISSEMINATION. 
Section 251 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5661) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘plan and identify’’ and inserting ‘‘annually pub-lish a plan to identify’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) successful efforts to prevent status offenders and first-time minor offenders from subsequent involvement with the juve-nile justice and criminal justice systems;’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5655 September 20, 2016 
(II) by striking clause (vii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vii) the prevalence and duration of be-havioral health needs (including mental health, substance abuse, and co-occurring disorders) among juveniles pre-placement and post-placement in the juvenile justice system, including an examination of the ef-fects of secure confinement;’’; (III) by redesignating clauses (ix), (x), and (xi) as clauses (xvi), (xvii), and (xviii), re-spectively; and (IV) by inserting after clause (viii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ix) training efforts and reforms that have produced reductions in or elimination of the use of dangerous practices; ‘‘(x) methods to improve the recruitment, selection, training, and retention of profes-sional personnel who are focused on the pre-vention, identification, and treatment of de-linquency; ‘‘(xi) methods to improve the identifica-tion and response to victims of domestic child sex trafficking within the juvenile jus-tice system; ‘‘(xii) identifying positive outcome meas-ures, such as attainment of employment and educational degrees, that States and units of local government should use to evaluate the success of programs aimed at reducing re-cidivism of youth who have come in contact with the juvenile justice system or criminal justice system; ‘‘(xiii) evaluating the impact and outcomes of the prosecution and sentencing of juve-niles as adults; ‘‘(xiv) evaluating the impact of fines, fees, and other costs assessed by the juvenile jus-tice system on the long-term disposition of status offenders and other juveniles; ‘‘(xiv) successful and cost-effective efforts by States and units of local government to reduce recidivism through policies that pro-vide for consideration of appropriate alter-native sanctions to incarceration of youth facing nonviolent charges, while ensuring that public safety is preserved;’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘date of enactment of this paragraph, the’’ and inserting ‘‘date of en-actment of the Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, the’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘in accordance with rel-evant confidentiality requirements’’ after ‘‘wards of the State’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘and Indian tribes’’ after ‘‘State’’; (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iv) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) a description of the best practices in discharge planning; and ‘‘(I) an assessment of living arrangements for juveniles who, upon release from confine-ment in a State correctional facility, cannot return to the residence they occupied prior to such confinement.’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL RECIDIVISM MEASURE .—The Administrator, in accordance with applica-ble confidentiality requirements and in con-sultation with experts in the field of juvenile justice research, recidivism, and data collec-tion, shall— ‘‘(1) establish a uniform method of data collection and technology that States may use to evaluate data on juvenile recidivism on an annual basis; ‘‘(2) establish a common national juvenile recidivism measurement system; and ‘‘(3) make cumulative juvenile recidivism data that is collected from States available to the public.’’. SEC. 208. TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 252 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5662) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘develop and carry out projects’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘make grants to and contracts with’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) shall provide periodic training for States regarding implementation of the core requirements, current protocols and best practices for achieving and monitoring com-pliance, and information sharing regarding relevant Office resources on evidence-based and promising programs or practices that promote the purposes of this Act.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘shall’’ before ‘‘develop and implement projects’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including compliance with the core requirements’’ after ‘‘this title’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘may’’ before ‘‘make grants to and contracts with’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) shall provide technical assistance to States and units of local government on achieving compliance with the amendments to the core requirements and State Plans made by the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, in-cluding training and technical assistance and, when appropriate, pilot or demonstra-tion projects intended to develop and rep-licate best practices for achieving sight and sound separation in facilities or portions of facilities that are open and available to the general public and that may or may not con-tain a jail or a lock-up; and ‘‘(4) shall provide technical assistance to States in support of efforts to establish part-nerships between a State and a university, institution of higher education, or research center designed to improve the recruitment, selection, training, and retention of profes-sional personnel in the fields of medicine, law enforcement, the judiciary, juvenile jus-tice, social work and child protection, edu-cation, and other relevant fields who are en-gaged in, or intend to work in, the field of prevention, identification, and treatment of delinquency.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘prosecutors,’’ after ‘‘pub-lic defenders,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘status offenders and’’ after ‘‘needs of’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) B
EST PRACTICES REGARDING LEGAL  R
EPRESENTATION OF CHILDREN .—In consulta-tion with experts in the field of juvenile de-fense, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) share best practices, which may in-clude sharing standards of practice devel-oped by recognized entities in the profession, for attorneys representing children; and ‘‘(2) provide a State, if it so requests, tech-nical assistance to implement any of the best practices shared under paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
FOR LOCAL AND STATE JUVENILE DETENTION  
ANDCORRECTIONS PERSONNEL .—The Adminis-trator shall coordinate training and tech-nical assistance programs with juvenile de-tention and corrections personnel of States and units of local government— ‘‘(1) to promote methods for improving conditions of juvenile confinement, includ-ing methods that are designed to minimize the use of dangerous practices, unreasonable restraints, and isolation and methods re-sponsive to cultural differences; and ‘‘(2) to encourage alternative behavior management techniques based on positive youth development approaches, which may include policies and procedures to train per-sonnel to be culturally competent. ‘‘(f) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  T
OSUPPORT MENTAL HEALTH OR SUBSTANCE  A
BUSE TREATMENT INCLUDING HOME-BASED OR  C
OMMUNITY -BASED CARE.—The Administrator shall provide training and technical assist-ance, in conjunction with the appropriate public agencies, to individuals involved in making decisions regarding the disposition and management of cases for youth who enter the juvenile justice system about the appropriate services and placement for youth with mental health or substance abuse needs, including— ‘‘(1) juvenile justice intake personnel; ‘‘(2) probation officers; ‘‘(3) juvenile court judges and court serv-ices personnel; ‘‘(4) prosecutors and court-appointed coun-sel; and ‘‘(5) family members of juveniles and fam-ily advocates. ‘‘(g) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
TOSUPPORT JUVENILE COURT JUDGES AND  P
ERSONNEL .—The Attorney General, acting through the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention and the Office of Justice Programs, shall provide training and technical assistance, in conjunction with the appropriate public agencies, to enhance the capacity of State and local courts, judges, and related judicial personnel to— ‘‘(1) improve the lives of children currently involved in or at risk of being involved in the juvenile court system; and ‘‘(2) carry out the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(h) F
REE AND REDUCED PRICE SCHOOL  L
UNCHES FOR INCARCERATED JUVENILES .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall provide guid-ance to States relating to existing options for school food authorities in the States to apply for reimbursement for free or reduced price lunches under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) for juveniles who are incarcerated and would, if not incarcerated, be eligible for free or reduced price lunches under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 209. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 299 of the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5672) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (b) and (c), and redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (b); (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(E
XCLUDING PARTS C ANDE)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) There are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this title— ‘‘(A) $76,125,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $76,125,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(C) $77,266,875 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(D) $78,425,878 for fiscal year 2021; and ‘‘(E) $79,602,266 for fiscal year 2022.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5656 September 20, 2016 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(other than parts C and E)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘part D’’ and inserting ‘‘parts D and E’’. 
SEC. 210. ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY. 
Section 299A of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5672) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Admin-istrator’’; (B) by striking ‘‘, after appropriate con-sultation with representatives of States and units of local government,’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘guidance,’’ after ‘‘regula-tions,’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In developing guidance and procedures, the Ad-ministrator shall consult with representa-tives of States and units of local govern-ment, including those individuals respon-sible for administration of this Act and com-pliance with the core requirements. ‘‘(2) The Administrator shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) reporting, compliance reporting, State plan requirements, and other similar documentation as may be required from States is requested in a manner that respects confidentiality, encourages efficiency and re-duces the duplication of reporting efforts; and ‘‘(B) States meeting all the core require-ments are encouraged to experiment with of-fering innovative, data-driven programs de-signed to further improve the juvenile jus-tice system.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘require-ments described in paragraphs (11), (12), and (13) of section 223(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘core re-quirements’’. TITLE III—INCENTIVE GRANTS FOR LOCAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
Section 501 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5601 note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘Youth Promise’’ before ‘‘Incentive Grants’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2002’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 502 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 502. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title— ‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a unit of local government that is in compliance with the requirements of part B of title II; or ‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization in partner-ship with a unit of local government de-scribed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(2) the term ‘local policy board’, when used with respect to an eligible entity, means a policy board that the eligible entity will engage in the development of the eligi-ble entity’s plan described in section 504(e)(5), and that includes— ‘‘(A) not fewer than 15 and not more than 21 members; and ‘‘(B) a balanced representation of— ‘‘(i) public agencies and private nonprofit organizations serving juveniles and their families; and ‘‘(ii) business and industry; ‘‘(C) at least one representative of the faith community, one adjudicated youth, and one parent of an adjudicated youth; and ‘‘(D) in the case of an eligible entity de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B), a representative of the nonprofit organization of the eligible entity; ‘‘(3) the term ‘mentoring’ means matching 1 adult with 1 or more youths for the purpose of providing guidance, support, and encour-agement through regularly scheduled meet-ings for not less than 9 months; ‘‘(4) the term ‘juvenile delinquency pro-gram’ means a juvenile delinquency program that is evidence-based or promising and that may include— ‘‘(A) alcohol and substance abuse preven-tion services; ‘‘(B) tutoring and remedial education, es-pecially in reading and mathematics; ‘‘(C) child and adolescent health and men-tal health services; ‘‘(D) recreation services; ‘‘(E) leadership and youth development ac-tivities; ‘‘(F) the teaching that individuals are and should be held accountable for their actions; ‘‘(G) assistance in the development of job training skills; ‘‘(H) youth mentoring programs; ‘‘(I) after-school programs; ‘‘(J) coordination of a continuum of serv-ices, which may include— ‘‘(i) early childhood development services; ‘‘(ii) voluntary home visiting programs; ‘‘(iii) nurse-family partnership programs; ‘‘(iv) parenting skills training; ‘‘(v) child abuse prevention programs; ‘‘(vi) family stabilization programs; ‘‘(vii) child welfare services; ‘‘(viii) family violence intervention pro-grams; ‘‘(ix) adoption assistance programs; ‘‘(x) emergency, transitional and perma-nent housing assistance; ‘‘(xi) job placement and retention training; ‘‘(xii) summer jobs programs; ‘‘(xiii) alternative school resources for youth who have dropped out of school or demonstrate chronic truancy; ‘‘(xiv) conflict resolution skill training; ‘‘(xv) restorative justice programs; ‘‘(xvi) mentoring programs; ‘‘(xvii) targeted gang prevention, interven-tion and exit services; ‘‘(xviii) training and education programs for pregnant teens and teen parents; and ‘‘(xix) pre-release, post-release, and re-entry services to assist detained and incar-cerated youth with transitioning back into and reentering the community; and ‘‘(K) other data-driven evidence-based or promising prevention programs; ‘‘(5) the term ‘State advisory group’ means the advisory group appointed by the chief ex-ecutive officer of a State under a plan de-scribed in section 223(a); and ‘‘(6) the term ‘State entity’ means the State agency designated under section 223(a)(1) or the entity receiving funds under section 223(d).’’. 
SEC. 303. DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS OF THE AD-MINISTRATOR. 
Section 503 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5782) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (1) through (3), respec-tively. 
SEC. 304. GRANTS FOR DELINQUENCY PREVEN-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 504 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 504. GRANTS FOR LOCAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to enable local communities to address the unmet needs of youth who are involved in, or are at risk of involvement in, juvenile delin-quency or gang activity, including through a continuum of delinquency prevention pro-grams for juveniles who have had contact with the juvenile justice system or who are likely to have contact with the juvenile jus-tice system. ‘‘(b) PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(1) for each fiscal year for which less than $25,000,000 is appropriated under section 506, award grants to not fewer than 3 State enti-ties, but not more than 5 State entities, that apply under subsection (c) and meet the re-quirements of subsection (d); or ‘‘(2) for each fiscal year for which $25,000,000 or more is appropriated under sec-tion 506, award grants to not fewer than 5 State entities that apply under subsection (c) and meet the requirements of subsection (d). ‘‘(c) S
TATE APPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a State entity shall submit an application to the Ad-ministrator, which includes the following: ‘‘(1) An assurance the State entity will use— ‘‘(A) not more than 10 percent of such grant, in the aggregate— ‘‘(i) for the costs incurred by the State en-tity to carry out this section, except that not more than 3 percent of such grant may be used for such costs; and ‘‘(ii) to provide technical assistance to eli-gible entities receiving a subgrant under sub-section (e) in carrying out juvenile delin-quency programs under the subgrant; and ‘‘(B) the remainder of such grant to award subgrants to eligible entities under sub-section (e). ‘‘(2) An assurance that such grant will sup-plement, and not supplant, State and local efforts to prevent juvenile delinquency. ‘‘(3) An assurance the State entity will evaluate the capacity of eligible entities re-ceiving a subgrant under subsection (e) to fulfill the requirements under such sub-section. ‘‘(4) An assurance that such application was prepared after consultation with, and participation by, the State advisory group, units of local government, community-based organizations, and organizations that carry out programs, projects, or activities to pre-vent juvenile delinquency in the local juve-nile justice system served by the State enti-ty. ‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF STATE APPLICATIONS .—In awarding grants under this section for a fis-cal year, the Administrator may not award a grant to a State entity for a fiscal year un-less— ‘‘(1)(A) the State that will be served by the State entity submitted a plan under section 223 for such fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) such plan is approved by the Adminis-trator for such fiscal year; or ‘‘(2) after finding good cause for a waiver, the Administrator waives the plan required under subparagraph (A) for such State for such fiscal year. ‘‘(e) S
UBGRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each State entity re-ceiving a grant under this section shall award subgrants to eligible entities in ac-cordance with this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding subgrants under this subsection, the State entity shall give priority to eligible entities that dem-onstrate ability in— ‘‘(i) plans for service and agency coordina-tion and collaboration including the colloca-tion of services; ‘‘(ii) innovative ways to involve the private nonprofit and business sector in delinquency prevention activities; ‘‘(iii) developing data-driven prevention plans, employing evidence-based prevention strategies, and conducting program evalua-tions to determine impact and effectiveness; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5657 September 20, 2016 
‘‘(iv) identifying under the plan submitted under paragraph (5) potential savings and ef-ficiencies associated with successful imple-mentation of such plan; and ‘‘(v) describing how such savings and effi-ciencies may be used to carry out delin-quency prevention programs and be rein-vested in the continuing implementation of such programs after the end of the subgrant period. ‘‘(C) S
UBGRANT PROGRAM PERIOD AND DIVER -
SITY OF PROJECTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ROGRAM PERIOD .—A subgrant awarded to an eligible entity by a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, of which the eligible entity— ‘‘(I) may use not more than 18 months for completing the plan submitted by the eligi-ble entity under paragraph (5); and ‘‘(II) shall use the remainder of the subgrant period, after planning period de-scribed in subclause (I), for the implementa-tion of such plan. ‘‘(ii) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding subgrants under this subsection, a State en-tity shall ensure, to the extent practicable and applicable, that such subgrants are dis-tributed throughout different areas, includ-ing urban, suburban, and rural areas. ‘‘(2) L
OCAL APPLICATION .—An eligible enti-ty that desires a subgrant under this sub-section shall submit an application to the State entity in the State of the eligible enti-ty, at such time and in such manner as de-termined by the State entity, and that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) a description of— ‘‘(i) the local policy board and local part-ners the eligible entity will engage in the de-velopment of the plan described in paragraph (5); ‘‘(ii) the unmet needs of youth in the com-munity who are or have been involved in, or are at risk of being involved in juvenile de-linquency or gang activity; ‘‘(iii) available resources in the community to meet the unmet needs identified in the needs assessment described in paragraph (5)(A); ‘‘(iv) potential costs to the community if the unmet needs are not addressed; ‘‘(B) a specific time period for the planning and subsequent implementation of its con-tinuum of local delinquency prevention pro-grams; ‘‘(C) the steps the eligible entity will take to implement the plan under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(D) a plan to continue the grant activity with non-Federal funds, if proven successful according to the performance evaluation process under paragraph (5)(D), after the grant period. ‘‘(3) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—An eligible entity desiring a subgrant under this sub-section shall agree to provide a 50 percent match of the amount of the subgrant, which may include the value of in-kind contribu-tions. ‘‘(4) S
UBGRANT REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .—Not later than the end of the second year of a subgrant period for a subgrant awarded to an eligible entity under this subsection and before awarding the re-maining amount of the subgrant to the eligi-ble entity, the State entity shall— ‘‘(i) ensure that the eligible entity has completed the plan submitted under para-graph (2) and that the plan meets the re-quirements of such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) verify that the eligible entity will begin the implementation of its plan upon receiving the next installment of its subgrant award. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION .—If the State entity finds through the review conducted under subparagraph (A) that the eligible entity has not met the requirements of clause (i) of such subparagraph, the State entity shall re-allocate the amount remaining on the subgrant of the eligible entity to other eligi-ble entities receiving a subgrant under this subsection or award the amount to an eligi-ble entity during the next subgrant competi-tion under this subsection. ‘‘(5) LOCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible en-tity that receives a subgrant under this sub-section shall use the funds to implement a plan to carry out delinquency prevention programs in the community served by the el-igible entity in a coordinated manner with other delinquency prevention programs or entities serving such community, which in-cludes— ‘‘(A) an analysis of the unmet needs of youth in the community who are or have been, or are at risk of being, involved in ju-venile delinquency or gang activity— ‘‘(i) which shall include— ‘‘(I) the available resources in the commu-nity to meet the unmet needs; and ‘‘(II) factors present in the community that may contribute to delinquency, such as homelessness, food insecurity, teen preg-nancy, youth unemployment, family insta-bility, lack of educational opportunity; and ‘‘(ii) may include an estimate— ‘‘(I) for the most recent year for which reli-able data is available, the amount expended by the community and other entities for de-linquency adjudication for juveniles and the incarceration of adult offenders for offenses committed in such community; and ‘‘(II) of potential savings and efficiencies that may be achieved through the implemen-tation of the plan; ‘‘(B) a minimum 3-year comprehensive strategy to address the unmet needs and an estimate of the amount or percentage of non- Federal funds that are available to carry out the strategy; ‘‘(C) a description of how delinquency pre-vention programs under the plan will be co-ordinated; ‘‘(D) a description of the performance eval-uation process of the delinquency prevention programs to be implemented under the plan, which shall include performance measures to assess efforts to address the unmet needs of youth in the community analyzed under sub-paragraph (A); ‘‘(E) the evidence or promising evaluation on which such delinquency prevention pro-grams are based; and ‘‘(F) if such delinquency prevention pro-grams are proven successful according to the performance evaluation process under sub-paragraph (D), a strategy to continue such programs after the subgrant period with non- Federal funds, including a description of how any estimated savings or efficiencies created by the implementation of the plan may be used to continue such programs.’’. 
SEC. 305. GRANTS FOR TRIBAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PRO-GRAMS. 
The Incentive Grants for Local Delin-quency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 5781 et seq.) is amended by redesig-nating section 505 as section 506 and by in-serting after section 504 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 505. GRANTS FOR TRIBAL DELINQUENCY PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall make grants under this section, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible Indian tribes (or consortia of Indian tribes) as described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) to support and enhance— ‘‘(A) tribal juvenile delinquency prevention services; and ‘‘(B) the ability of Indian tribes to respond to, and care for, juvenile offenders; and ‘‘(2) to encourage accountability of Indian tribal governments with respect to pre-venting juvenile delinquency, and responding to, and caring for, juvenile offenders. ‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE INDIAN TRIBES .—To be eligi-ble to receive a grant under this section, an Indian tribe or consortium of Indian tribes shall submit to the Administrator an appli-cation in such form as the Administrator may require. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In providing grants under this section, the Administrator shall take into consideration, with respect to the Indian tribe to be served, the— ‘‘(1) juvenile delinquency rates; ‘‘(2) school dropout rates; and ‘‘(3) number of youth at risk of delin-quency. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amount appropriated for a fiscal year to carry out this title, 11 percent shall be avail-able to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 306. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 506, as redesignated by section 305, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 506. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title— ‘‘(1) $91,857,500 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $91,857,500 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $93,235,362 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(4) $94,633,892 for fiscal year 2021; and ‘‘(5) $96,053,401 for fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 307. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Title V of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 as enacted by Public Law 93-415 (88 Stat. 1133) (relating to miscellaneous and conforming amendments) is repealed. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. EVALUATION BY GOVERNMENT AC-COUNTABILITY OFFICE. 
(a) E VALUATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive analysis and evaluation regarding the performance of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (referred to in this section as ‘‘the agency’’), its functions, its programs, and its grants; (2) conduct a comprehensive audit and evaluation of a selected, sample of grantees (as determined by the Comptroller General) that receive Federal funds under grant pro-grams administered by the agency including a review of internal controls (as defined in section 103 of the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5603), as amended by this Act) to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of funds by grantees; and (3) submit a report in accordance with sub-section (d). (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATION .—In conducting the analysis and evaluation under subsection (a)(1), and in order to docu-ment the efficiency and public benefit of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Preven-tion Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), ex-cluding the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) and the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.), the Comptroller General shall take into consideration— (1) the outcome and results of the pro-grams carried out by the agency and those programs administered through grants by the agency; (2) the extent to which the agency has complied with the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–62; 107 Stat. 285); (3) the extent to which the jurisdiction of, and the programs administered by, the agen-cy duplicate or conflict with the jurisdiction and programs of other agencies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5658 September 20, 2016 
(4) the potential benefits of consolidating programs administered by the agency with similar or duplicative programs of other agencies, and the potential for consolidating those programs; (5) whether less restrictive or alternative methods exist to carry out the functions of the agency and whether current functions or operations are impeded or enhanced by exist-ing statutes, rules, and procedures; (6) the number and types of beneficiaries or persons served by programs carried out by the agency; (7) the manner with which the agency seeks public input and input from State and local governments on the performance of the functions of the agency; (8) the extent to which the agency com-plies with section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act); (9) whether greater oversight is needed of programs developed with grants made by the agency; and (10) the extent to which changes are nec-essary in the authorizing statutes of the agency in order for the functions of the agen-cy to be performed in a more efficient and ef-fective manner. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR AUDITS .—In con- ducting the audit and evaluation under sub-section (a)(2), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), excluding the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) and the Missing Children’s As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5771 et seq.), the Comptroller General shall take into consid-eration— (1) whether grantees timely file Financial Status Reports; (2) whether grantees have sufficient inter-nal controls to ensure adequate oversight of grant fund received; (3) whether disbursements were accom-panied with adequate supporting documenta-tion (including invoices and receipts); (4) whether expenditures were authorized; (5) whether subrecipients of grant funds were complying with program requirements; (6) whether salaries and fringe benefits of personnel were adequately supported by doc-umentation; (7) whether contracts were bid in accord-ance with program guidelines; and (8) whether grant funds were spent in ac-cordance with program goals and guidelines. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (A) submit a report regarding the evalua-tion conducted under subsection (a) and audit under subsection (b), to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate; and (B) make the report described in subpara-graph (A) available to the public. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted in ac-cordance with paragraph (1) shall include all audit findings determined by the selected, statistically significant sample of grantees as required by subsection (a)(2) and shall in-clude the name and location of any selected grantee as well as any findings required by subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 402. ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE VI—ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT 
‘‘SEC. 601. ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in order to ensure that at-risk youth, and youth who come into contact with the juvenile justice system or the criminal justice system, are treated fairly and that the outcome of that contact is ben-eficial to the Nation— ‘‘(1) the Department of Justice, through its Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, must restore meaningful en-forcement of the core requirements in title II; and ‘‘(2) States, which are entrusted with a fis-cal stewardship role if they accept funds under title II must exercise vigilant over-sight to ensure full compliance with the core requirements for juveniles provided for in title II. ‘‘(b) ACCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(1) A
GENCY PROGRAM REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) P
ROGRAMMATIC AND FINANCIAL ASSESS -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Sup-porting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, the Director of the Office of Audit, Assessment, and Manage-ment of the Office of Justice Programs at the Department of Justice (referred to in this section as the ‘Director’) shall— ‘‘(I) conduct a comprehensive analysis and evaluation of the internal controls of the Of-fice of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (referred to in this section as the ‘agency’) to determine if States and Indian tribes receiving grants are following the re-quirements of the agency grant programs and what remedial action the agency has taken to recover any grant funds that are ex-pended in violation of grant programs, in-cluding instances where— ‘‘(aa) supporting documentation was not provided for cost reports; ‘‘(bb) unauthorized expenditures occurred; and ‘‘(cc) subrecipients of grant funds were not in compliance with program requirements; ‘‘(II) conduct a comprehensive audit and evaluation of a selected statistically signifi-cant sample of States and Indian tribes (as determined by the Director) that have re-ceived Federal funds under title II, including a review of internal controls to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse of funds by grantees; and ‘‘(III) submit a report in accordance with clause (iv). ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR EVALUATIONS .—In conducting the analysis and evaluation under clause (i)(I), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of titles II and V, the Director shall take into consider-ation the extent to which— ‘‘(I) greater oversight is needed of pro-grams developed with grants made by the agency; ‘‘(II) changes are necessary in the author-izing statutes of the agency in order that the functions of the agency can be performed in a more efficient and effective manner; and ‘‘(III) the agency has implemented rec-ommendations issued by the Comptroller General or Office of Inspector General relat-ing to the grant making and grant moni-toring responsibilities of the agency. ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATIONS FOR AUDITS .—In con- ducting the audit and evaluation under clause (i)(II), and in order to document the efficiency and public benefit of titles II and V, the Director shall take into consider-ation— ‘‘(I) whether grantees timely file Financial Status Reports; ‘‘(II) whether grantees have sufficient in-ternal controls to ensure adequate oversight of grant funds received; ‘‘(III) whether grantees’ assertions of com-pliance with the core requirements were ac-companied with adequate supporting docu-mentation; ‘‘(IV) whether expenditures were author-ized; ‘‘(V) whether subrecipients of grant funds were complying with program requirements; and ‘‘(VI) whether grant funds were spent in ac-cordance with the program goals and guide-lines. ‘‘(iv) REPORT .—The Director shall— ‘‘(I) submit to the Congress a report out-lining the results of the analysis, evaluation, and audit conducted under clause (i), includ-ing supporting materials, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate; and ‘‘(II) shall make such report available to the public online, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(B) A
NALYSIS OF INTERNAL CONTROLS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Sup-porting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, the Administrator shall initiate a comprehensive analysis and evaluation of the internal controls of the agency to determine whether, and to what extent, States and Indian tribes that receive grants under titles II and V are following the requirements of the grant programs author-ized under titles II and V. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delin-quency Act of 2016, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report containing— ‘‘(I) the findings of the analysis and eval-uation conducted under clause (i); ‘‘(II) a description of remedial actions, if any, that will be taken by the Administrator to enhance the internal controls of the agen-cy and recoup funds that may have been ex-pended in violation of law, regulations, or program requirements issued under titles II and V; and ‘‘(III) a description of— ‘‘(aa) the analysis conducted under clause (i); ‘‘(bb) whether the funds awarded under ti-tles II and V have been used in accordance with law, regulations, program guidance, and applicable plans; and ‘‘(cc) the extent to which funds awarded to States and Indian tribes under titles II and V enhanced the ability of grantees to fulfill the core requirements. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of the Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, the Attorney General shall submit to the appropriate committees of the Congress a report on the estimated amount of formula grant funds disbursed by the agency since fiscal year 2010 that did not meet the re-quirements for awards of formula grants to States under title II. ‘‘(2) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Jus-tice under this Act may be used by the At-torney General, or by any individual or orga-nization awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this Act, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available to the Department of Justice, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Direc-tors, or principal deputies as the Deputy At-torney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5659 September 20, 2016 
‘‘(C) R EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act may not be utilized by any recipient of a grant made using such amounts— ‘‘(i) to lobby any representative of the De-partment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or ‘‘(ii) to lobby any representative of a Fed-eral, State, local, or tribal government re-garding the award of grant funding. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-termines that any recipient of a grant made using amounts authorized to be appropriated under this Act has violated subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) require the recipient to repay the grant in full; and ‘‘(ii) prohibit the recipient to receive an-other grant under this Act for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, submitting an application for a grant under this Act shall not be considered lobbying activity in violation of subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(c) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this Act, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to determine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded the duplicative grant. ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITHAUDITING STAND -
ARDS .—The Administrator shall comply with the Generally Accepted Government Audit-ing Standards, published by the General Ac-countability Office (commonly known as the ‘Yellow Book’), in the conduct of fiscal, com-pliance, and programmatic audits of States.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 is amended by striking paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 407 (42 U.S.C. 5776a). (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal year that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—In the case of an enti-ty that is barred from receiving grant funds under paragraph (7)(B)(ii) of section 407 of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5776a), the amendment made by paragraph (1) of this subsection shall not affect the applicability to the entity, or to the Attorney General with respect to the entity, of paragraph (7) of such section 407, as in effect on the day be-fore the effective date of the amendment made by paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5963. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing De-linquency Act. Mr. Speaker, helping kids succeed in life is a priority we all share. That is why we work to make sure all children have access to the education and the opportunities necessary to achieve their goals and build fulfilling futures for themselves. Unfortunately, too many children don’t realize that success is even an op-tion for them. Too many others believe their chance is past or don’t know how to seize it. As a result, they make deci-sions that put them on the wrong path and, in some cases, in the juvenile jus-tice system. These are the children this legislation will help. H.R. 5963 includes a number of posi-tive reforms, all aimed at improving services to keep at-risk youth out of the juvenile system and help juvenile offenders turn their lives around. First, the bill’s reforms will set these children up for long-term success. They will help them gain the skills they need to become productive members of society or a second chance to reach their full potential. These reforms will also give State and local leaders the flexibility to meet specific and unique needs of vulnerable kids in their com-munities. The legislation also prioritizes what works, focusing on evidence-based strategies that will help reduce juve-nile delinquency. It will also give pol-icymakers, State and local leaders, and service providers a better under-standing of the best ways to serve kids across the country. Finally, the bill improves oversight and accountability to ensure juvenile justice programs are delivering posi-tive results for children and to protect the taxpayers’ investment in these im-portant programs. These are all commonsense measures that will reform the juvenile justice system and improve public safety. But more than that, they will provide op-portunities for kids to build successful, fulfilling lives, especially for young men and women who never thought that kind of life was possible. I was happy to partner with our ranking member, B
OBBY SCOTT, on this important piece of legislation, and I am proud of the work we have done to-gether. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia has long been a champion of this effort, and with this bipartisan initiative, we have put forward a good bill that will help more children in this country achieve success in life. I would also like to thank our col-leagues in the Senate, especially Judi-ciary Committee Chairman C
HUCK  G
RASSLEY and Senator S HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE for their leadership and hard work, as well as Chairman J
OHNKLINE, Amy Jones, Leslie Tatum, and the rest of the Education and the Workforce Committee staff. They have all helped pave the way for the reforms in the bill before us today, and I look forward to working with them to complete this important effort. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman K
LINE, Subcommittee Chair R
OKITA , and the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for their work, and also, on our side, Representatives D
AVIS of California, A DAMS , and W IL-
SONof Florida for their work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, juvenile courts were es-tablished by States over 100 years ago on the emerging legal theory that chil-dren should not be held fully respon-sible for their actions, a theory proven by scientific research into impulse con-trol and brain development. The capac-ity to rehabilitate children became the focus of the system rather than punish-ment of offenders. Congress first ar-ticulated national standards of juve-nile justice in the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974. Long overdue for reauthorization, H.R. 5963 creates Federal guardrails that protect children in the juvenile justice system within each State. In the 14 years since Congress last reau-thorized the program, there have been advancements in research and expan-sion of evidence informing improved methods to prevent inappropriate youth incarceration and to reduce de-linquency. The bill we consider today includes necessary improvements in Federal policy firmly grounded in facts that demonstrate that public investments in services to our youth, particularly trauma-informed care and alternatives to incarceration, will produce positive results for at-risk youth. Those results, in turn, will lead to reduced crime and long-term cost savings. b1430 H.R. 5963 requires, for the first time, that State juvenile justice plans take into account the latest scientific re-search on adolescent development and behavior, recognizing the importance of prevention and early intervention in juvenile crime policy. We shouldn’t have to legislate use of scientific re-search, but if we don’t, we will end up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.004 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5660 September 20, 2016 
codifying and funding slogans and sound bites that have dictated our Na-tion’s approach to crime policy over the years. These slogans and sound bites often do nothing to decrease crime, and, in fact, when studied, some slogans have been shown to actually increase the crime rate. H.R. 5963 encourages States to con-sider promising practices when devel-oping State plans, such as program-ming to ensure youth access to public defenders in juvenile court, the use of problem-solving courts like drug courts as an alternative to conviction and confinement, efforts to inform and aid juveniles in the process of sealing and expunging juvenile records, and pro-gramming focused on the needs of girls in or at risk of entering the system. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the bill retools the Title V Local Delinquency Preven-tion Grant Program, which is now enti-tled Youth Promise Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Pro-gram, to support communities in the planning and implementing of com-prehensive evidence-based prevention and intervention programs specifically designed to reduce juvenile delin-quency and gang involvement. Grant recipients will be required to analyze the unmet delinquency preven-tion needs of youth in the community, then develop and implement a com-prehensive strategy to address those unmet needs with an emphasis on pro-gram coordination. Research has shown that a communitywide, coordi-nated approach to delinquency preven-tion utilizing a continuum of services can actually save the community money and improve efficiencies. I would like to thank my colleagues for working with me on the Title V provisions, which are modeled after legislation that I have been working on for nearly 10 years—the Youth PROM-ISE Act. I am confident that if en-acted, these incentive grants will vast-ly improve the lives of—and long-term economic opportunity for—our Na-tion’s at-risk youth. Mr. Speaker, the collaborative work of this committee gives me hope that we can get the full JJDPA reauthoriza-tion over the finish line this year. The Senate Judiciary Committee has marked up and passed their version of the bill. I know Senators G
RASSLEY and W
HITEHOUSE are working hard to get their bill out of the Senate. I am opti-mistic that support for the bill, which builds on knowledge and experience of the past 14 years, will spur further ac-tion so that the bill can make its way to the President’s desk for signature. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), a sub-committee chairman of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his leadership. I rise today in support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, there are approximately 2 million children involved in our juve-nile justice system, with many more at risk of entering it. Prior to entering public service, I was engaged in the pri-vate practice of law. A good deal of that practice concerned at-risk youth, concerned juvenile law. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, that at the outset of every case, just about, my number one goal was to see that that youth, that those juveniles, did not get put ‘‘in the system,’’ certainly did not get incarcerated. Not because, Mr. Speaker, I was trying to get them off of anything. In fact, my plea agreements and settlements were, in a way, de-signed to promote much more personal responsibility than any incarceration would. But I knew this: that if they got in the system, the chances were great that they would be lost forever, that they would come out of the system more hardened criminals, a bigger bur-den on society, with more costs, and, most importantly, another life lost. That is why I am pleased, as the Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education Subcommittee chair-man, to work on this bill with these distinguished leaders: Mr. CURBELO , who I have already mentioned, and ranking minority leader, Mr. S
COTT. Leaders in Indiana’s Fourth Congres-sional District have long been fighting for these reforms as well. In Lafayette, Indiana, for example, the chief of po-lice there, Patrick Flannelly, has been extremely supportive of this bill. In fact, he educated most of us at a Mem-ber roundtable recently. He stated: ‘‘This bill will better target Federal funding to community-based coaching programs for troubled youth—pro-grams that I have seen firsthand work-ing well in Lafayette.’’ Mr. Speaker, students who get in-volved in the juvenile justice system are less likely to graduate high school, and up to 26 percent are more likely to return to jail as adults. I have personal experience counseling youth as well to back these figures up. Given these re-alities, we must work to make sure we are doing everything possible to help turn these kids’ lives around. This bill will help that process by making sure that these kids have the skills necessary to become productive members of society. Not only does this bill support prevention services for af-fected children, but makes sure we are directing our resources to the pro-grams with records of success. Addi-tionally, improvements to program ac-countability and oversight means they will continue to produce positive ef-fects in their communities. Finally, it provides State and local leaders with the flexibility they need to assist the children in their commu-nities. These are the people who know best what is needed to better the lives of their children. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gen-tlemen for their leadership, and I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Caro-lina (Ms. ADAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yield-ing. The Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act, introduced in the spirit of bipartisanship, supports three core principles: education, safety, and prevention. This bill will enable to-day’s young people to continue their education despite incarceration. Edu-cation is the great equalizer, and ac-cess to opportunities for a quality edu-cation should be available even for youth who, because of unfortunate cir-cumstances, sometimes lose their way and stray down the wrong path. Voting ‘‘yes’’ for this bill will give States and localities clear guidance and direction about how to reduce ra-cial and ethnic disparities found among incarcerated youth. Statistics show that African American youth are five times as likely to be placed in confine-ment as their White peers. Latino and American Indian youth are between two and three times as likely to be confined. Reauthorization of the Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention Act gives America’s youth a needed second chance to drive their future towards their dreams and not towards deten-tion. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act. This bill, sponsored by Mr. C
URBELO , allows at-risk young adults to get back on track by offering them a vast range of opportunities and reducing the bar-riers that hold these young adults back from success—from graduating high school to preparing for lifelong achievements in the workplace. Last fall, in an Education and the Workforce Committee hearing, a wit-ness told his compelling story about his own second chance through a sys-tem that allowed him to get out of the path he was on and to chart a new one. Currently, there are 2 million children in the juvenile justice system, a sta-tistic that is much too high. Many of these children need a second chance to succeed, like the witness I heard in the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Before my time in the United States Congress, I had experience with this same issue in the Georgia State legisla-ture where I worked to help pass H.B. 242. In Georgia, that bill ensured that juveniles with status offenses weren’t susceptible to the influence of more se-rious offenders, which could create an opportunity for them to commit more serious crimes later in their life. Georgia’s success with H.B. 242 is a prime example of why we need H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.011 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5661 September 20, 2016 
5963 at the Federal level. It saves money for taxpayers, reduces the strain on the justice system, and gives at-risk young adults a chance for a fu-ture. This is a win-win for all sides, and I am proud to cosponsor this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his com-ments. He has been a strong advocate for good juvenile justice policy since he was in the Georgia legislature, and has an excellent reputation for that good work. I would like to thank the Act for Ju-venile Justice Coalition for their lead-ership; Senators G
RASSLEY and W HITE-
HOUSE ; and staff members on this side, Denise Forte, Jacque Chevalier, and Christian Haines. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from the National Prevention Science Coalition, the American Orthopsychiatric Association, and the NAACP. 
NATIONAL PREVENTION SCIENCE COALITION  Date: September 18, 2016. To: Chairman John Kline and Ranking Mem-ber Bobby Scott, House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Re In support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing De-linquency Act of 2016. This letter comes in support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Pre-venting Delinquency Act of 2016. I really ap-preciate Representative Curbelo and Rank-ing Member Scott for their leadership in in-troducing the bill. As a 30+ year juvenile and criminal justice practitioner, educator and clinician, I have had many opportunities to work with various policy efforts involving at-risk and other youths who come in con-tact with the juvenile justice system. My background includes policy and practice ex-periences at federal, state, county and local municipal levels of government. I am also a member of the Board of Directors of the Na-tional Prevention Science Coalition to Im-prove Lives (www.npscoalition.org)—a bipar-tisan group of 500+ scientists, practitioners, advocates, clinicians, policy makers, founda-tion representatives, agency leaders, and other community stakeholders interested in assisting policymakers at all levels in de-signing and implementing policies that in-clude a prevention mentality (e.g., the best that prevention and implementation science has to offer relative to improving the well- being of citizens). When implemented well, prevention science has been shown to provide significant cost savings and benefits to the health and well-being of persons across the lifespan. Based on these experiences, I con-sider H.R. 5963 to be a substantial improve-ment over its former JJDPA version. The proposed legislation provides a much needed, updated framework inclusive of evi-dence based, prevention-oriented thinking in federal policy for youths—not as a prescrip-tion to the states, rather as a policy vehicle to help guide the states through the avail-ability of financial incentives (formula and incentive grants for local delinquency pre-vention programs), training, technical as-sistance, access to research and best prac-tices. The legislation is clearly informed by research describing the importance of using prevention and developmental science when building local and state capacities as youths interact with the juvenile justice system. H.R. 5963 captures important knowledge gained from investments made through pri-vate and public resources over the past 25 years. Such investments have educated us as to the importance of building policies that include frameworks recognizing the develop-mental differences of youth (from adults) while still holding them accountable for their behaviors. Focus areas in the legisla-tion address the impacts of trauma, mental health challenges, substance use/abuse, fam-ily conflict, interpersonal as well as commu-nity violence, gender responsivity, racial/ ethnic disparities and are all critical issues. H.R. 5963 also provides a standardized set of expectations (e.g., the ‘‘core requirements’’) balancing public safety and accountability with the recognition that children and youth require tailored, developmentally appro-priate, unbiased and prevention-focused interventions that must be properly imple-mented with transparency and account-ability. Furthermore, H.R. 5963 clearly com-municates an intention that states begin look to their local communities to find inno-vative, cost-beneficial and effective preven-tion strategies for vulnerable youths and their families. I request and encourage that you pass this critically needed legislation. States and ter-ritories, through their State Advisory Groups (included in this legislation), depend on your leadership in these matters. For 40+ years the JJDPA has been the sole federal policy vehicle for at-risk and court involved youth in this country. The historical results in large measure from JJDPA implementa-tion are impressive—juvenile crime rates are at some of their lowest levels in decades. The JJDPA (now called Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act) will build on the past successes of the JJDPA, and guide states toward the evolution of sys-tems that are much more effective in pre-venting youth problems and crimes before more expensive, less successful deeper end juvenile and criminal justice alternatives must be used. Thank you for considering these thoughts. Respectfully yours, R
OBERT ( ROBIN) JENKINS , P
H.D., Board of Directors, National Prevention Science Coalition to Improve Lives, As-sistant Professor, Methodist Univer-sity. 
AMERICAN ORTHOPSYCHIATRIC  A
SSOCIATION , September 17, 2016. Hon. J
OHNKLINE, Chairman, House Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT C. S COTT, Ranking Member, House Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN KLINE AND RANKING MEM-
BERSCOTT: On behalf of the members of the American Orthopsychiatric Association, we are writing to thank you for unanimously approving the Supporting Youth Oppor-tunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016, which strengthens and updates the Ju-venile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (JJDPA) and to urge Congress to take immediate action on this important piece of legislation. Founded in 1923, Ortho is committed to prevention as a cost-effective, humane, and scientifically sound approach to improving the lives of children and families. Our mem-bers are psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, lawyers, and other health profes-sionals, many of whom are working in clin-ical settings. We are acutely aware of the importance of intervening early to provide support to children and youth who have been exposed to traumatic events and to assist them in developing skills that will enable them to contribute to society. For more than 40 years, the JJDPA has been an important tool in strengthening the capacity of communities to support children and youth and to keep them out of the juve-nile justice system. Your leadership in reau-thorizing and strengthening the JJDPA will provide state and local governments with the capacity to address high-risk and delinquent behavior and to improve community safety. We urge the House to act swiftly in passing this critical piece of legislation so that a final bill can be approved before the end of the year. Thank you. Respectfully yours, ROBIN KIMBROUGH -MELTON , JD. Executive Officer. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE  A
DVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE , Washington, DC, September 19, 2016. Re NAACP strong support for H.R. 5963, the ‘‘Supporting Youth Opportunity and Pre-venting Delinquency Act of 2016’’. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widely-recognized grassroots-based civil rights organization, I strongly urge you to support and vote for H.R. 5963, the ‘‘Sup-porting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016’’ when it comes be-fore you on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives tomorrow under a suspension of the rules. This crucial, bipartisan, legisla-tion strengthens and updates the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (JJDPA), which provides States and lo-calities with federal standards, support, and ressources for improving juvenile justice and delinquency prevention practices and has, since it was first signed into law in 1974, con-tributed to an improvement in safeguards for youth, families and communities. Currently more than 50,000 young people are held in de-tention centers awaiting trial or confined by the courts in juvenile facilities in our coun-try. For these confined youth, and the many more youth who are at-risk of involvement in the justice system, an updated and rel-evant JJDPA and the programs it supports and mandates can mean the difference be-tween a life of continued recidivism and a life of becoming a productive member of so-ciety. Of great importance to the communities served and represented by the NAACP is the provision within H.R. 5963 which strengthens the Disproportionate Minority Contact (DMC) program. Numerous studies have shown that racial and ethnic minority youth are disproportionately over-represented and subject to more punitive sanctions than similarly-charged/situated white youth at all levels of the juvenile justice system, from routine stops by law enforcement to transfer to adult court and punishment. H.R. 5963 pro-vides clear direction to States and localities to plan and implement data-driven ap-proaches to ensure more fairness and reduce racial and ethnic disparities, to set measur-able objectives for reduction of disparities in the system, and to publicly report such ef-forts. We are also extremely supportive of the provisions in the bill which mandate that state and local governments ensure that there is separation in both sight and sound between young prisoners and their adult counterparts at every stage, including when they are being held in adult facilities. We are also supportive of provisions in H.R. 5963 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.012 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5662 September 20, 2016 
which use evidence-based programs to strengthen the Deinstitutionalization of Sta-tus Offenders core protection; encourage States to eliminate dangerous practices in confinement and to promote adoption of proven best practices and standards; increase family participation in design and delivery of treatment and services; and support ef-forts by State and local governments to ex-pand youth access to counsel and to encour-age programs that inform youth of opportu-nities to seal or expunge juvenile records once they have gotten their lives back on track. In short, H.R. 5963 provides badly needed updating to a law which can make a signifi-cant positive impact on the lives of many of our nation’s youth. Please, for the sake of those youth who may come in contact with the criminal justice system and for the bet-terment of the future of our nation, support the bipartisan bill, H.R. 5963, when it comes before you on the floor of the House tomor-row. Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter. Should you have any ques-tions or comments, please feel free to con-tact me. Sincerely, H
ILARY O. S HELTON , Director, NAACP Washington Bureau & Senior Vice Presi-dent for Policy and Advocacy. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I want to remind my col-leagues what this bill is about. Yes, it will improve the juvenile jus-tice system. It will help State and local leaders better serve at-risk youth and juvenile offenders. It will also help im-prove public safety and build strong communities across the country. But, to me, it is really about opportunity. These reforms will help vulnerable kids from all across the country realize that they have an opportunity to work toward a brighter future—one that doesn’t involve a life of crime or vio-lence. And they will help those chil-dren find the support they need to seize that opportunity. A vote in support of the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing De-linquency Act isn’t just a vote to ad-vance this legislation, it is a vote of confidence that all children can achieve a lifetime of success, even when the odds are stacked against them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5963. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5963, the Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delin-quency Act. Every child deserves the opportunity to achieve a lifetime of success. That’s what this legislation is about—helping more children re-alize that success is possible. In some cases, that means keeping at-risk youth out of the juvenile justice system and showing them a life of crime is not their only option. In others, it means giving children who are already in the system a second chance to turn their lives around. And in every case, it means helping kids acquire the skills they need to grow into productive members of soci-ety. That’s why this bill includes reforms that will empower state and local leaders to better serve vulnerable children in their communities. We know there are important efforts already underway, including right here in our nation’s capital. Earlier this year, I visited a community- based program called Boys Town DC, and I had the opportunity to meet a young man named Terraun. At Boys Town, Terraun was learning how to be responsible for household chores and to resolve conflicts respectfully. He was also improving his cooking skills, which he hopes one day will lead to a successful ca-reer as a chef. Terraun is holding himself accountable and thinking about the future. And regardless of his background and past mistakes, he is on the right path. Unfortunately, not every vulnerable youth has the same experience. But with this impor-tant legislation, we can help more kids just like Terraun work toward a brighter future. I want to thank Representative CURBELO  and Ranking Member S
COTT for all of their hard work on this bipartisan bill and for deliv-ering these important reforms. I also want to thank Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, for the work he has done to advance many of these re-forms in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill that will have a positive impact on communities across the country, and more importantly, it will help some of our nation’s most vulnerable children achieve a lifetime of success. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5963, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING AN ANNUITY SUPPLE-MENT FOR CERTAIN AIR TRAF-FIC CONTROLLERS Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5785) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic con-trollers. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5785 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FULL ANNUITY SUPPLEMENT FOR CERTAIN AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL-LERS. 
Section 8421a of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘The amount’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c), the amount’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) This section shall not apply to an indi-vidual described in section 8412(e) during any period in which the individual, after sepa-rating from the service as described in that section, is employed full-time as an air traf-fic control instructor under contract with the Federal Aviation Administration, includ-ing an instructor working at an on-site facil-ity (such as an airport).’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is my honor to present and speak about H.R. 5785, which provides a full annuity supplement for certain retired air traffic controllers that serve as in-structors—a measure that helps ensure safe skies and also cuts waste and inef-ficiency. Over the next 5 years, the Federal Aviation Administration plans to hire a new generation of air traffic control-lers. As the generation following the 1981 strike reaches retirement age, more than 6,000 new controllers will be trained in Oklahoma City’s FAA Acad-emy to fill this void and safely manage our Nation’s air space. b1445 Training this new generation of con-trollers requires a full staff of quality and committed instructors. Current law, however, financially penalizes in-structors who work full time, causing discontinuity in the classroom and government waste. There is an arbitrary income cap in place for our experienced, retired air traffic controllers who want to receive their full benefits. Consequently, many instructors choose to work part time instead of full time to maintain these benefits. To match the hours of a full- time instructor, the FAA must hire four part-time instructors, which quad-ruples the cost for training, wasting about $1 million each year. To remedy this situation, my bill re-moves the income limit so that our Na-tion’s most experienced air traffic con-trollers can work as instructors full time and receive their benefits. Not only will the FAA save up to $1 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.008 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5663 September 20, 2016 
each year, but consistent teaching by quality instructors will ensure our skies remain safe. I appreciate the leadership of Chair-man C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS , in giving this legislation timely and supportive consideration, as well as my Democratic cosponsors, Mr. C
ONNOLLY of Virginia and Mr. L YNCH of Massachusetts, and the bipartisan sup-porters who recognize the importance of this matter. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5785, and I thank Congressman R
USSELL for his leadership on this measure. H.R. 5785 would help ease the dif-ficulty that the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration currently has in hiring air traffic controller instructors. The bill would eliminate the Social Secu-rity earnings cap for the FAA air traf-fic controller instructors who are re-ceiving pension supplements. The cap is, currently, $15,720 per year. This cap has made it hard for the FAA Academy to hire full-time instructors because retired air traffic controllers do not want to lose their annuity supple-ments. The FAA has a critical shortage of air traffic controllers, and it is vital that we help ensure that the FAA is able to recruit enough qualified in-structors to train controllers. This leg-islation is narrowly tailored to address a matter that would have significant affects on public safety, so I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for her kind support. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5785. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GAO ACCESS AND OVERSIGHT ACT OF 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5690) to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5690 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GAO Access and Oversight Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCESS TO CERTAIN INFORMATION. 
(a) A CCESS TO CERTAIN INFORMATION .—Sub- chapter II of chapter 7 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 721. Access to certain information ‘‘(a) No provision of the Social Security Act, including section 453(l) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 653(l)), shall be construed to limit, amend, or supersede the authority of the Comptroller General to obtain any informa-tion or to inspect any record under section 716 of this title. ‘‘(b) The specific reference to a statute in subsection (a) shall not be construed to af-fect access by the Government Account-ability Office to information under statutes that are not so referenced.’’. (b) A
GENCY REPORTS .—Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or planned’’ after ‘‘action taken’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the congressional committees with jurisdiction over the agency program or activity that is the subject of the recommendation, and the Government Accountability Office before the 61st day after the date of the report; and’’. (c) A
UTHORITY TOOBTAIN RECORDS .—Sec- tion 716 of title 31, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)— (1) by striking ‘‘(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; and (2) by inserting after the section heading the following: ‘‘(a)(1) The Comptroller General is author-ized to obtain such agency records as the Comptroller General requires to discharge the duties of the Comptroller General (in-cluding audit, evaluation, and investigative duties), including through the bringing of civil actions under this section. In reviewing a civil action under this section, the court shall recognize the continuing force and ef-fect of the authorization in the preceding sentence until such time as the authoriza-tion is repealed pursuant to law.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 7 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 720 the following: ‘‘721. Access to certain information.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5690, the GAO Access and Oversight Act. As stewards of the Federal Govern-ment, we have a duty to make sure that taxpayer money is spent appro-priately. We also have a duty to make sure our watchdogs have the tools that are necessary to combat waste, fraud, and abuse, especially the Government Accountability Office. The GAO has a proven track record of excellence. In the past 6 years alone, it has identified over 200 areas of dupli-cation, overlap, or fragmentation and has recommended more than 600 cor-rective actions; however, Congress needs to ensure the GAO has the access necessary to carry out the work we ask of it. Today, we have the opportunity to better arm the GAO by clarifying that it does, indeed, have inherent access to data contained in the National Direc-tory of New Hires. In doing so, we will help the GAO to better investigate po-tential fraud and improper payments, including those in the disability insur-ance program. The GAO’s objectives are hindered without access to this data, and taxpayer dollars are not as well protected against waste, fraud, and abuse. The language in this bill has been in-cluded in bipartisan legislation that was approved unanimously by the full House last Congress. To ensure the GAO has all of the information it needs to perform its critical role for Con-gress, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5690. I also thank Senator SASSE for his work on this bill in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, the GAO provides in-valuable aid to Congress in conducting our constitutional duty to oversee and evaluate the executive branch. To do its job effectively, the GAO needs time-ly access to agencies’ documents, ma-terials, and other information. The bill before us would ensure the GAO’s access to the National Directory of New Hires, a valuable database of wage and employment information. Ac-cess to this database would assist the GAO in its improper payment and fraud work as well as in evaluating programs in which eligibility is being means tested. The bill would also ex-plicitly provide the GAO with standing to pursue litigation if an entity in the executive branch improperly denies the GAO access to information. Mr. Speaker, similar bills have passed the House by wide margins in a number of previous Congresses. These are needed reforms, and I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I urge the adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.016 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5664 September 20, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5690. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUDICIAL FINANCIAL TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4419) to update the financial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4419 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR JUDGES OF DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA COURTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS DESCRIBED .—Section 11– 1530, D.C. Official Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 11–1530. Financial statements ‘‘(a) Pursuant to such rules as the Commis-sion shall promulgate, each judge of the Dis-trict of Columbia courts shall, within one year following the date of enactment of the District of Columbia Court Reorganization Act of 1970 and at least annually thereafter, file with the Commission a report containing the following information: ‘‘(1)(A) The source, type and amount of the judge’s income which exceeds $200 (other than income from the United States govern-ment and income referred to in subparagraph (C)) for the period covered by the report. ‘‘(B) The source and type of the judge’s spouse’s income which exceeds $1,000 (other than income from the United States govern-ment and income referred to in subparagraph (C)) for the period covered by the report. ‘‘(C) The source and type of income which consists of dividends, rents, interest, and capital gains received by the judge and the judge’s spouse during such period which ex-ceeds $200 in amount or value, and an indica-tion of which of the following categories the amount or value of such item of income is within— ‘‘(i) not more than $1,000, ‘‘(ii) greater than 1,000 but not more than $2,500, ‘‘(iii) greater than $2,500 but not more than $5,000, ‘‘(iv) greater than $5,000 but not more than $15,000, ‘‘(v) greater than $15,000 but not more than $50,000, ‘‘(vi) greater than $50,000 but not more than $100,000, ‘‘(vii) greater than $100,000 but not more than $1,000,000, ‘‘(viii) greater than $1,000,000 but not more than $5,000,000, or ‘‘(ix) greater than $5,000,000. ‘‘(2) The name and address of each private foundation or eleemosynary institution, and of each business or professional corporation, firm, or enterprise in which the judge was an officer, director, proprietor, or partner dur-ing such period. ‘‘(3) The identity and category of value (as set forth in subsection (b)) of each liability of $10,000 or more owed by the judge or by the judge and the judge’s spouse jointly at any time during such period. ‘‘(4) The source and value of all gifts in the aggregate amount or value of $250 or more from any single source received by the judge during such period, except gifts from the judge’s spouse or any of the judge’s children or parents. ‘‘(5) The identity of each trust in which the judge held a beneficial interest having a value of $10,000 or more at any time during such period, and in the case of any trust in which the judge held any beneficial interest during such period, the identity, if known, of each interest in real or personal property in which the trust held a beneficial interest having a value of $10,000 or more at any time during such period. If the judge cannot ob-tain the identity of the trust interest, the judge shall request the trustee to report that information to the Commission. ‘‘(6) The identity and category of value (as set forth in subsection (b)) of each interest in real or personal property having a value of $10,000 or more which the judge owned at any time during such period. ‘‘(7) The amount or value and source of each honorarium of $250 or more received by the judge and the judge’s spouse during such period. ‘‘(8) The source and amount of all money, other than that received from the United States government, received in the form of an expense account or as reimbursement for expenditures from any source aggregating more than $250 during such period. ‘‘(9) The source and amount of all waivers or partial waivers of fees or charges accepted by the judge on behalf of the judge or the judge’s spouse, domestic partner, or guest during such period. ‘‘(b) For purposes of paragraphs (3) and (6) of subsection (a), the categories of value set forth in this subsection are— ‘‘(1) not more than $15,000; ‘‘(2) greater than $15,000 but not more than $50,000; ‘‘(3) greater than $50,000 but not more than $100,000; ‘‘(4) greater than $100,000 but not more than $250,000; ‘‘(5) greater than $250,000 but not more than $500,000; ‘‘(6) greater than $500,000 but not more than $1,000,000; ‘‘(7) greater than $1,000,000 but not more than $5,000,000; ‘‘(8) greater than $5,000,000 but not more than $25,000,000; ‘‘(9) greater than $25,000,000 but not more than $50,000,000; and ‘‘(10) greater than $50,000,000. ‘‘(c)(1) Reports filed pursuant to this sec-tion shall, upon written request, and notice to the reporting judge for purposes of mak-ing an application to the Commission for a redaction pursuant to paragraph (2), be made available for public inspection and copying within a reasonable time after filing and dur-ing the period they are kept by the Commis-sion (in accordance with rules promulgated by the Commission), and shall be kept by the Commission for not less than three years. ‘‘(2) This section does not require the pub-lic availability of reports filed by a judge if upon application by the reporting judge, a finding is made by the Commission that re-vealing personal and sensitive information could endanger that judge or a family mem-ber of that judge, except that a report may be redacted pursuant to this paragraph only— ‘‘(A) to the extent necessary to protect the individual who filed the report or a family member of that individual; and ‘‘(B) for as long as the danger to such indi-vidual exists. ‘‘(d) The intentional failure by a judge of a District of Columbia court to file a report re-quired by this section, or the filing of a fraudulent report, shall constitute willful misconduct in office and shall be grounds for removal from office under section 11– 1526(a)(2).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to reports filed under section 11–1530, D.C. Official Code, that cover periods begin-ning during or after 2016. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORITY OF PROBATE DIVISION TO USE MAGISTRATE JUDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11–1732(j)(5), Dis-trict of Columbia Official Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Family Divisions’’ and inserting ‘‘Pro-bate Divisions, and the Family Court,’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 11–1732(j)(4)(A), District of Co-lumbia Official Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Family Division’’ and inserting ‘‘Family Court’’. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORITY OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS TO ACCEPT CERTAIN TYPES OF PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 17 of title 11, District of Columbia Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 11–1748. Authority of courts to accept cer-tain types of payments ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘electronic funds transfer’— ‘‘(1) means a transfer of funds, other than a transaction by check, draft, or similar paper in-strument, that is initiated through an electronic terminal, telephone, or computer or magnetic tape for the purpose of ordering, instructing, or authorizing a financial institution to debit or credit an account; and ‘‘(2) includes point of sale transfers, auto-mated teller machine transfers, direct deposit or withdrawal of funds, transfers initiated by tele-phone, and transfers resulting from debit card transactions. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT CREDIT CARD P
AYMENTS AND ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANS-
FERS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The District of Columbia courts may accept payment of fines, fees, escrow payments, restitution, bonds, and other pay-ments to the courts by credit card or electronic funds transfer. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF VENDORS AND THIRD PARTY PRO -
VIDERS .—The Executive officer— ‘‘(A) may contract with a bank or credit card vendor, or other third party provider, for pur-poses of accepting payments by credit card or electronic funds transfer; and ‘‘(B) shall make every effort to find the lowest cost vendor for purposes of accepting such pay-ments. ‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR PAYING FEES .—Under any contract entered into under paragraph (2), the person making the payment shall be respon-sible for covering any fee or charge associated or imposed with respect to the method of payment. ‘‘(4) C
OMPLETION OF PAYMENT .—If a person elects to make a payment to the District of Co-lumbia courts by a method authorized under paragraph (1), the payment shall not be deemed to be made until the courts receive the funds. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT CHECKS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The District of Columbia courts may accept payment of fines, fees, escrow payments, restitution, bonds, and other pay-ments to the courts by check. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF CHECK GUARANTEE VENDOR .—The Executive Officer— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.019 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5665 September 20, 2016 
‘‘(A) may contract with a check guarantee vendor for purposes of accepting payments by check; and ‘‘(B) shall make every effort to find the lowest cost vendor for purposes of accepting such pay-ments. ‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR PAYING FEES .—Under any contract entered into under paragraph (2), the person making the payment by check shall be responsible for covering any fee or charge as-sociated or imposed with respect to the method of payment. ‘‘(d) L
IABILITY FOR NON-PAYMENT .—If a check or other method of payment, including payment by credit card, debit card, or charge card, so re-ceived is not duly paid, or is paid and subse-quently charged back to the District of Colum-bia courts, the person by whom such check or other method of payment has been tendered shall remain liable for the payment, to the same extent as if such check or other method of pay-ment had not been tendered.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter III of chapter 17 of title 11, District of Columbia Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘11–1748. Authority of courts to accept certain types of payments.’’. 
SEC. 5. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT IN CON-TROVERSY PERMITTED FOR CASES UNDER JURISDICTION OF SMALL CLAIMS AND CONCILIATION BRANCH OF SUPERIOR COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11–1321, District of Columbia Official Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any case filed in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORITY TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF ATTORNEYS IN EXCESS OF MAX-IMUM AMOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) C
RIMINAL DEFENSE APPOINTMENTS .—Sec- tion 11–2604(c), District of Columbia Official Code, is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Each chief judge may delegate such approval authority to an ac-tive or senior judge in the court in which the chief judge sits.’’. (2) C
HILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT APPOINT -
MENTS .—Section 16–2326.01(f), District of Colum-bia Official Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(f)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Each chief judge may delegate such approval author-ity to an active or senior judge in the court in which the chief judge sits.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any case or proceeding initiated on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4419, the Dis-trict of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act, which was intro-duced by my colleague from the Dis-trict of Columbia, Delegate ELEANOR  H
OLMES NORTON . H.R. 4419 would pro-vide a more robust and open disclosure of judicial finances in the District. Currently, District judges are re-quired to meet disclosure requirements that are less rigorous than those man-dated for Federal judges. H.R. 4419 will help to close this disclosure gap. This bill will require judges to disclose sources of income for themselves and their spouses. This increased disclosure will help to strengthen an important pillar of our judicial system: the public’s trust in an impartial judicial system. In order to ensure that those before the District’s judicial system can be confident in its impartial nature, the bill also requires that the disclosures be made publicly available. The bill will require that disclosure reports be made available to the public for 3 years after they have been filed. H.R. 4419 will ensure compliance by making a failure to file or filing a fraudulent report an offense that is punishable by removal from office. This legislation will help to protect the public’s faith in the integrity and im-partiality of the District’s judicial branch. H.R. 4419 is a good government bill, and I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for bringing this bill forward. I thank, especially, Chairman C
HAFFETZ for his support in moving this bill through the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and now to the floor for consideration. I am also grateful to Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS for his vital assistance as this bill moves forward. I thank Senator J
AMES  L
ANKFORD , who once served with us on this committee and who introduced the companion bill in the Senate, which was already reported favorably by the Senate’s Homeland Security & Govern-mental Affairs Committee in May of this year. My bill, the District of Columbia Ju-dicial Financial Transparency Act, as amended, will provide much-needed transparency to the District of Colum-bia’s local courts by enhancing finan-cial disclosure requirements for D.C. court judges to make them more simi-lar to the disclosure requirements that are already in place for Article III Fed-eral judges. District of Columbia judges are Article I Federal judges. Although current law requires D.C. Superior Court and D.C. Court of Ap-peals judges to file annual financial re-ports, there was no requirement that all of this information be made public. For example, while judges are required to submit information about their in-comes, investments, liabilities, and gifts—and we have no reason to believe that they have failed to do so—current law only makes public judges’ connec-tions to charities, private organiza-tions, businesses, as well as hono-rariums that are more than $300. My bill would make all of this informa-tion, except for the judges’ personally identifiable information, available for public inspection. This bill is particularly necessary be-cause a 2014 survey by the Center for Public Integrity, which took a com-prehensive look at each State’s judicial financial disclosure rules, gave the Dis-trict a failing grade. D.C. court judges already submit enough financial infor-mation to improve the District’s stand-ing. My bill would simply make it pub-lic. Like Senator LANKFORD ’s bill, my bill also includes provisions that will give D.C. courts new authorities to im-prove their operations. These provi-sions would authorize magistrate judges to serve in the probate division, which would help address the increas-ing number of adult guardianship cases; allow the courts to accept pay-ments by credit card and check—imag-ine how late we are in getting to that— which would reduce administrative costs and increase efficiency; increase the maximum amount in controversy for small claims from $5,000 to $10,000, which would be the first increase in 20 years, would ensure access to the courts for plaintiffs with limited means; and authorize the chief judges to delegate their authority to approve reimbursements to court-appointed at-torneys. b1500 Currently the chief judges must per-sonally approve these reimbursements, which adds to their administrative workload and diverts attention and re-sources away from more critical issues facing our courts. Congress has the jurisdiction over our court system because, as I have in-dicated, it has jurisdiction over all Ar-ticle I courts and, therefore, the au-thority to make the necessary im-provements. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4419, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.010 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5666 September 20, 2016 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS AND PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAYMENTS ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5037) to authorize the establishment of a program of vol-untary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the Dis-trict of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public De-fender Service, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5037 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Serv-ice Voluntary Separation Incentive Pay-ments Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION FOR PROGRAM OF VOL-UNTARY SEPARATION INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA COURTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 11, Dis-trict of Columbia Official Code, is amended by inserting after section 11–1726 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 11–1726A. Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments ‘‘The Joint Committee on Judicial Admin-istration may, by regulation, establish a pro-gram substantially similar to the program established under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for nonjudicial employees of the District of Columbia øcourts¿ courts, except that the maximum amount of the payment made under the program to any individual may not exceed the amount referred to in section 3523(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of chapter 17 of title 11, District of Columbia Official Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 11– 1726 the following new item: ‘‘11–1726A. Voluntary separation incentive payments.’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION FOR PROGRAM OF VOL-UNTARY SEPARATION INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERV-ICE. 
Section 305 of the District of Columbia Court Reform and Criminal Procedure Act of 1970 (sec. 2–1605, D.C. Official Code) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Director may establish a program substantially similar to the program estab-lished under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the øService¿ Service, except that the maximum amount of the payment made under the program to any individual may not exceed the amount referred to in section 3523(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5037, the District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act, introduced by my colleague from the District of Columbia, Delegate ELEA-
NORHOLMES NORTON . Voluntary separation incentive pay-ments provide agencies an effective and efficient tool for reducing the size of their workforce, cutting costs in the process. As stewards of taxpayers’ dollars, it is important that every agency ensure it is staffed only to the extent that their work requires. H.R. 5037 will pro-vide authority for the District of Co-lumbia to offer buyouts for employees of the D.C. courts and public defenders. This legislation would authorize the District to set up a substantially simi-lar system to that already used by Fed-eral agencies. Utilizing a voluntary separation incentive payment program will assist the D.C. court and public de-fender systems in reducing cost. When compared to other force reduc-tion efforts, the Government Account-ability Office found voluntary separa-tion incentive payments result in greater cost reductions and savings. The GAO review found that voluntary separation payments generate greater savings than direct workforce reduc-tions because the payment encourages higher paid staff to depart. H.R. 5037 will allow the District to decrease the cost and increase the effi-ciency of administering the judicial system. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5037. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and especially Chairman C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for working to-gether and with me to move this bill to the floor today. This bill, the District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Pay-ments Act, as amended, would make a minor change to the authorities of the District of Columbia courts and the Public Defender Service by placing these entities in the same position as their Federal counterparts for more ef-fective management and operation. The bill would give the D.C. courts and PDS the same authority Federal agencies and Federal courts already have to offer voluntary separation in-centive payments, or buyouts, to their employees. The fiscal year 2016 omni-bus bill already gives D.C. courts buyout authority. But my bill would make this authorization permanent— so I don’t have to keep coming back to this floor on such a minor administra-tive matter—and it would extend it to PDS, in addition to the courts. Buyouts would allow the D.C. courts and PDS to respond to their future ad-ministrative and budget needs and would provide the flexibility to extend buyout offers to their employees. The U.S. Government Accountability Office has determined that voluntary separation incentive payments may be made only where statutorily author-ized. While Federal agencies and Fed-eral courts have the statutory author-ity to offer buyouts, PDS and the D.C. courts have not been expressly per-mitted to permanently provide them to their employees. PDS and the D.C. courts seek the same buyout authority in order to manage their workforce as budget conditions and needs change. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURBELO of Florida). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5037, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MODERNIZING GOVERNMENT TRAVEL ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5625) to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government busi-ness, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5625 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing Government Travel Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL EMPLOYEE REIMBURSEMENT FOR USE OF MODERN TRAVEL SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of General Services shall prescribe regula-tions under section 5707 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the reimbursement for the use of a transportation network company or in-novative mobility technology company by any Federal employee traveling on official business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.022 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5667 September 20, 2016 
under subchapter I of chapter 57 of such title, except that the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall pre-scribe such regulations with respect to employ-ees of the judicial branch of the Government. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) I
NNOVATIVE MOBILITY TECHNOLOGY COM -
PANY.—The term ‘‘innovative mobility tech-nology company’’ means an organization, in-cluding a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, sole proprietorship, or any other entity, that applies technology to expand and enhance available transportation choices, better manage demand for transportation services, and provide alternatives to driving alone. (2) T
RANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANY .—The term ‘‘transportation network company’’ means a corporation, partnership, sole proprietorship, or other entity, that uses a digital network to connect riders to drivers affiliated with the enti-ty in order for a driver to provide transportation services to a rider. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON TRANSPORTATION COSTS. 
Section 5707(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) Not later than November 31 of each year, the head of each agency shall submit to the Administrator of the General Services, in a format prescribed by the Administrator and ap-proved by the Director the Office of Manage-ment and Budget— ‘‘(A) data on total agency payments for such items as travel and transportation of people, av-erage costs and durations of trips, and purposes of official travel; ‘‘(B) data on estimated total agency payments for employee relocation; and ‘‘(C) an analysis of the total costs of transpor-tation service by type, and the total number of trips utilizing each transportation type for pur-poses of official travel. ‘‘(2) The Administrator of the General Services shall make the data submitted pursuant to para-graph (1) publically available upon receipt. ‘‘(3) Not later than January 31 of each year, the Administrator of the General Services shall submit to the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Sen-ate— ‘‘(A) an analysis of the data submitted pursu-ant to paragraph (1) for the agencies listed in section 901(b) of title 31 and a survey of such data for each other agency; and ‘‘(B) a description of any new regulations pro-mulgated or changes to existing regulations au-thorized under this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act, introduced by Congressman S
ETH M
OULTON of Massachusetts. Federal employees’ options for trans-portation on official travel are limited. In the modern shared economy, there are many new methods of transpor-tation that can help the Federal Gov-ernment reduce the costs associated with travel by Federal employees. In order for the government to be good stewards of taxpayer funds, it is important that it embrace innovation and the efficiencies that come with it. The Modernizing Government Travel Act will help to ensure that as new transportation services emerge, Fed-eral employees can take advantage of the efficiencies that these services bring. This bill would provide a statutory framework for authority for employees on official business to travel using transportation network company serv-ices. By opening up a new market for transportation services, H.R. 5625 will also help to spur new innovations, which will bring potentially greater cost savings. Embracing innovation is only one piece of ensuring taxpayer dollars are well spent. We must also ensure that there is accountability for travel ex-penses. H.R. 5625 will mandate that agencies report their travel costs to the General Services Administration. H.R. 5625 will also require that GSA publish that data for the American people to review. GSA will be required to provide a report on agency official travel costs to Congress in order to better inform future transportation policy decisions. I urge my colleagues to support this good government bill and help promote innovation in the transportation sector by supporting H.R. 5625. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act, as amended. I thank Rep-resentative MOULTON and Representa-tive H
URDfor their work on this meas-ure in particular. H.R. 5625 would expand the transpor-tation options for Federal employees on official government travel. Specifi-cally, the legislation would require the General Services Administration to issue regulations to allow Federal em-ployees to be reimbursed for the use of ridesharing services, such as Uber and Lyft. The bill also would allow for the use of future technologies not yet known or available to be covered as re-imbursable travel expenses. In addition, Federal agencies would be required to submit annually to GSA detailed information on their travel costs, including breakdowns of costs by transportation type. GSA would be re-quired to submit annual reports to Congress containing an analysis or sur-vey of agencies’ travel costs, as well as implementation of the regulations. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5625. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. MOULTON ), who is the sponsor of the bill. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5625, the Modernizing Government Travel Act. While we may not agree on all things, I think there is consensus on both sides of the aisle that the Federal Government has failed to keep pace with the technological advances and innovation that have come to define the 21st century economy. Despite the emergence of new technologies de-signed to improve the way we travel, today some Federal employees are un-able to be reimbursed for using more cost-effective, innovative modes of transportation when traveling on offi-cial business. Innovative ridesharing services sup-ported by mobile apps have dramati-cally changed how we get from one place to another. Now, with just a few taps on a smartphone, we can access a variety of new transportation options like rideshare and bikeshare that com-plement public transit, take more cars off our congested roads, and reduce fuel emissions. While the Government Services Ad-ministration allows agencies to author-ize the use of these transportation op-tions by Federal employees, it has not, nor is it required by law, to issue com-prehensive guidance across the Federal Government. Consequently, agencies and their employees may be unaware that they have the transportation op-tions available to them for reimburse-ment. H.R. 5625 would require the General Services Administration to implement regulations to allow Federal employees to use transportation options like rideshare and bikeshare for official travel. The GSA administrator would be required to submit annual reports to Congress on the implementation of these regulations and the resulting amount of government savings. I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) for working with me on this legislation, as well as Rep-resentatives S
WALWELL , ISSA, M EAD-
OWS, and B USTOS for their support. This is truly a bipartisan effort that will in-crease the Federal Government’s en-gagement in the sharing economy while saving taxpayer dollars. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ) again for this bill. I note that this is a truly bi-partisan bill. I wish we had more like them coming on this floor. It does show that bipartisanship still lives. It is not dead in the House of Representatives. It certainly was revived with this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.012 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5668 September 20, 2016 
b1515 This is a very good bill for reviving it. Look what it does. It keeps up with rapidly changing technology, and what is particularly gratifying about the bill is it says you don’t have to come back to the floor every time when tech-nology changes, you can reimburse as technology changes. This will encourage Federal employ-ees to look for the fastest, cheapest way to get around the District of Co-lumbia and the region. Remember, these employees are all over the United States, but they are particularly to be found in crowded regions like the na-tional capital area region. And I note that in this region Metro is being fixed. It goes to show that we need all the di-versity and means of travel we can find, and I applaud this bill. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5625, the Mod-ernizing Government Travel Act. This bill is an important step forward in bringing government employees and federal regulations into the 21st century. Currently, each agency has different policies on what transportation options are available to federal employees for reimbursement. Thus, depend-ing on the agency, some federal employees are unable to be reimbursed for official travel if they use ride-sharing or non-traditional forms of transportation, such as bikeshare. Yet many of these platforms provide cost-effective ways for our government employees to travel quick-ly and efficiently. H.R. 5625 would address this problem by requiring the General Services Administration (GSA) to implement regulations to allow all federal employees to be reimbursed for these modes of travel. I was privileged to help in the drafting of H.R. 5625, and I want to thank the sponsor, Congressman S
ETHMOULTON , for in- troducing the bill and working diligently to help move it to the Floor. Last year, Congressman D
ARRELL ISSAand I co-founded the bipartisan Congressional Sharing Economy Caucus. We started this caucus in order to bring government attention to the benefits of the sharing economy and to find ways for the federal government to sup-port it, a growing sector of our economy. The bill in front of us helps to encourage the use of sharing economy technology, therefore sav-ing taxpayers money, and fits perfectly within the goals of the Sharing Economy Caucus. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5625 today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5625, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IM-PROVEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1550), to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish enti-ties tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1550 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Program Management Improvement Accountability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROJECT MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EPUTY DIRECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT .— (1) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS .—Section 503 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Subject to the direc-tion and approval of the Director, the Dep-uty Director for Management or a designee shall— ‘‘(A) adopt governmentwide standards, policies, and guidelines for program and project management for executive agencies; ‘‘(B) oversee implementation of program and project management for the standards, policies, and guidelines established under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) chair the Program Management Pol-icy Council established under section 1126(b); ‘‘(D) establish standards and policies for executive agencies, consistent with widely accepted standards for program and project management planning and delivery; ‘‘(E) engage with the private sector to identify best practices in program and project management that would improve Federal program and project management; ‘‘(F) conduct portfolio reviews to address programs identified as high risk by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; ‘‘(G) not less than annually, conduct port-folio reviews of agency programs in coordi-nation with Project Management Improve-ment Officers designated under section 1126(a)(1) to assess the quality and effective-ness of program management; and ‘‘(H) establish a 5-year strategic plan for program and project management. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of that paragraph are substan-tially similar to or duplicative of— ‘‘(A) the provisions of chapter 87 of title 10; or ‘‘(B) policy, guidance, or instruction of the Department related to program manage-ment.’’. (2) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , AND 
GUIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue the standards, policies, and guidelines required under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). (3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the standards, poli-cies, and guidelines are issued under para-graph (2), the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et, in consultation with the Program Man-agement Policy Council established under section 1126(b) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (b)(1), and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue any regulations as are necessary to implement the requirements of section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). (b) PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  O
FFICERS AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY  C
OUNCIL .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Chapter 11 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1126. Program management improvement officers and program management policy council ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  O
FFICERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—The head of each agen-cy described in section 901(b) shall designate a senior executive of the agency as the Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer of the agency. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Program Manage-ment Improvement Officer of an agency des-ignated under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) implement program management policies established by the agency under sec-tion 503(c); and ‘‘(B) develop a strategy for enhancing the role of program managers within the agency that includes the following: ‘‘(i) Enhanced training and educational op-portunities for program managers that shall include— ‘‘(I) training in the relevant competencies encompassed with program and project man-ager within the private sector for program managers; and ‘‘(II) training that emphasizes cost con-tainment for large projects and programs. ‘‘(ii) Mentoring of current and future pro-gram managers by experienced senior execu-tives and program managers within the agency. ‘‘(iii) Improved career paths and career op-portunities for program managers. ‘‘(iv) A plan to encourage the recruitment and retention of highly qualified individuals to serve as program managers. ‘‘(v) Improved means of collecting and dis-seminating best practices and lessons learned to enhance program management across the agency. ‘‘(vi) Common templates and tools to sup-port improved data gathering and analysis for program management and oversight pur-poses. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—This subsection shall not apply to the Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of this subsection are substantially similar to or duplicative of the provisions of chapter 87 of title 10. For pur-poses of paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (or a designee of the Under Sec-retary) shall be considered the Program Management Improvement Officer. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY COUN-
CIL.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Office of Management and Budget a council to be known as the ‘Program Man-agement Policy Council’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council shall act as the principal interagency forum for improving agency practices related to program and project management. The Coun-cil shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.027 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5669 September 20, 2016 
‘‘(A) advise and assist the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(B) review programs identified as high risk by the General Accountability Office and make recommendations for actions to be taken by the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et or a designee; ‘‘(C) discuss topics of importance to the workforce, including— ‘‘(i) career development and workforce de-velopment needs; ‘‘(ii) policy to support continuous improve-ment in program and project management; and ‘‘(iii) major challenges across agencies in managing programs; ‘‘(D) advise on the development and appli-cability of standards governmentwide for program management transparency; and ‘‘(E) review the information published on the website of the Office of Management and Budget pursuant to section 1122. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be composed of the following members: ‘‘(i) Five members from the Office of Man-agement and Budget as follows: ‘‘(I) The Deputy Director for Management. ‘‘(II) The Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. ‘‘(III) The Administrator of Federal Pro-curement Policy. ‘‘(IV) The Controller of the Office of Fed-eral Financial Management. ‘‘(V) The Director of the Office of Perform-ance and Personnel Management. ‘‘(ii) The Program Management Improve-ment Officer from each agency described in section 901(b). ‘‘(iii) Any other full-time or permanent part-time officer or employee of the Federal Government or member of the Armed Forces designated by the Chairperson. ‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall be the Chairperson of the Council. A Vice Chairperson shall be elected by the members and shall serve a term of not more than 1 year. ‘‘(ii) D
UTIES .—The Chairperson shall pre-side at the meetings of the Council, deter-mine the agenda of the Council, direct the work of the Council, and establish and direct subgroups of the Council as appropriate. ‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet not less than twice per fiscal year and may meet at the call of the Chairperson or a ma-jority of the members of the Council. ‘‘(5) S
UPPORT .—The head of each agency with a Project Management Improvement Officer serving on the Council shall provide administrative support to the Council, as ap-propriate, at the request of the Chair-person.’’. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with each Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer des-ignated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit to Congress a report containing the strategy developed under section 1126(a)(2)(B) of such title, as added by paragraph (1). (c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT  P
ERSONNEL STANDARDS .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘agency’’ means each agency described in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code, other than the Department of Defense. (2) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the stand-ards, policies, and guidelines are issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue regulations that— (A) identify key skills and competencies needed for a program and project manager in an agency; (B) establish a new job series, or update and improve an existing job series, for pro-gram and project management within an agency; and (C) establish a new career path for program and project managers within an agency. (d) GAOREPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF POLI-
CIES ON PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGE -
MENT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall issue, in conjunc-tion with the High Risk list of the Govern-ment Accountability Office, a report exam-ining the effectiveness of the following on improving Federal program and project man-agement: (1) The standards, policies, and guidelines for program and project management issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). (2) The 5-year strategic plan established under section 503(c)(1)(H) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). (3) Program Management Improvement Of-ficers designated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by sub-section (b)(1). (4) The Program Management Policy Coun-cil established under section 1126(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by sub-section (b)(1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1550, the Program Management Improvement Accountability Act, in-troduced by Senator J
ONI ERNST of Iowa. Program and project manage-ment are the guide rails that are nec-essary to ensure the Federal Govern-ment actually works. Effective program and project man-agers are both the first line of defense against waste and fraud throughout the Federal Government and the best posi-tioned employees to increase govern-ment efficiency. With Federal spending out of control, we need the best program and project managers we can get to combat waste, fraud, and inefficiency. According to CBO, the Federal Government will spend more than $4 trillion in fiscal year 2017, but better management alone could prove a significant effect on our long-term spending. A 2013 Accenture study found that a 1 percent increase in efficiency could save the Federal Government nearly $1 trillion by 2025. S. 1550 gives our Federal profes-sionals the support and leadership they need to build a strong foundation of ef-ficiency for Federal programs and projects. The bill addresses challenges these professionals face to ensure that management professionals in our Fed-eral workforce have the guidance, sup-port, and professional standards nec-essary to improve efficiency. According to a report by the Na-tional Academy of Public Administra-tion, there are five significant chal-lenges to improving program manage-ment capabilities in the Federal Gov-ernment: laws do not holistically ad-dress challenges of program manage-ment; program management is not rec-ognized as an important discipline for improving performance and results; agency executives and stakeholders do not understand their roles and respon-sibilities; training and development of program managers lack consistency across the Federal Government; and program managers lack a professional community to provide support and voice concerns about program manage-ment development. S. 1550 addresses these challenges by: requiring OMB’s Deputy Director of Management to adopt and oversee gov-ernment-wide standards that are con-sistent with private sector best prac-tices; requiring agencies to designate a senior executive to serve as a program management improvement officer, an individual who will then be responsible for implementing standards and poli-cies set by OMB at their agency; and establishing a Program Management Policy Council to discuss topics of im-portance to program and project man-agers and make recommendations to resolve inefficiencies in programs iden-tified as high risk by the Government Accountability Office. Providing guidance and leadership to our Federal employees responsible for trillions of dollars in spending will go a long way toward meeting a simple goal like increasing efficiency by just 1 per-cent. I urge my colleagues to support this cost-saving, bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bipar-tisan legislation to improve program management practices in Federal agen-cies, and I want to thank the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my good friend, and of course the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for their bipartisan hard work on this bill. The bill would require the develop-ment of standard policies and guide-lines across the Federal Government for program management. It would also establish an interagency Program Man-agement Policy Council to develop best practices and focus on improving the management of Federal programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.014 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5670 September 20, 2016 
The bill would, in addition, require the Office of Personnel Management to establish a new career path for pro-gram and project management and to identify key skills and competencies for such jobs. The Federal Government is often called upon to manage large, complex new programs and initiatives and needs a cadre of managers capable of guiding this work. S. 1550, as amended, is a good, bipar-tisan measure that would improve the management of the Federal Govern-ment, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my good friend and a sponsor of this bill. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), my good friends, for their leadership in managing today. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in strong support of this bill, which will make fundamental changes to project and program management practices and standards for the Federal Government. The bill’s cosponsor, Representative T
ODD YOUNG , and I currently serve as co-chairs of the Government Efficiency Caucus, which to some may seem like an oxymoron. In our capacity as co- chairs, Representative Y
OUNG and I worked together on a bipartisan basis to develop the Program Management Improvement and Accountability Act. After taking input from many stake-holders, including from agency man-agement and private sector partners, regarding the root causes of poor project performance, we identified seri-ous deficiencies in program and project management competencies across the entire Federal Government. As ranking member of the Sub-committee on Government Operations, it is deeply troubling to me that so many Federal projects and programs find themselves substantially over budget or significantly behind sched-ule. These are all symptoms of a lack of institutional focus and attention to the mechanics of project management. This bill strengthens project manage-ment policy throughout the Federal Government by requiring consistent project standards and guidelines for program management, demanding ac-countability at OMB and in Federal agencies to capture and implement les-sons learned, and requiring a clear identification of skills and com-petencies necessary for effective pro-gram management professionals. I have the honor of representing more than 13,000 project managers, Federal project managers, and the lack of requirements for the position is not acceptable. The job description for an important position where billions of dollars are being spent should be clear-ly defined, and this legislation in-structs OPM, the Office of Personnel Management, to develop a job classi-fication and career path for these pro-fessionals. I am proud to have worked with Con-gressman YOUNG and the Government Efficiency Caucus on a bipartisan basis. We have the support of non-partisan good government groups, in-cluding the Project Management Insti-tute and the National Academy of Pub-lic Administration behind this bill. As a result, the PMIAA passed through our committee, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, without objection, and passed the Sen-ate unanimously. I strongly urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation that I think will lead to significant efficiencies in the Federal Government and ultimately benefit the American taxpayer. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I strong-ly support this bill. I thank my col-league for his work on this bill, my good friend from Virginia. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1550, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GAO MANDATES REVISION ACT OF 2016 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5687) to elimi-nate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5687 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GAO Man-dates Revision Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ELIMINATED. 
(a) S INGLE AUDIT ACTMONITORING RESPON -
SIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking section 7506; and (B) by redesignating section 7507 as section 7506. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 7506 and 7507 and inserting the following: ‘‘7506. Effective date.’’. (b) REVIEW OF MEDIGAP PREMIUM LEVELS .— Section 111(c) of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (Appendix F; 114 Stat. 2763A–473), as enacted into law by section 1(a)(6) of Pub-lic Law 106–554, is repealed. (c) R
EPORT ON DISPUTE RESOLUTION PILOT P
ROGRAM .—Section 1105 of the Sandy Recov-ery Improvement Act of 2013 (42 U.S.C. 5189a note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (d) B
IENNIAL SURVEY REGARDING TRANSPOR -
TATION INTELLIGENCE REPORTS .—Section 114(u) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-section (t)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (s)(4)(E)’’; (2) by striking paragraph (7); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively. 
SEC. 3. REPORTS MODIFIED. 
(a) O VERSIGHT AND AUDITS UNDER THE  E
MERGENCY ECONOMIC STABILIZATION ACT OF  2008.—Section 116(a)(3) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5226(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘, regu-larly and no less frequently than once every 60 days,’’ and inserting ‘‘annually’’. (b) R
EPORTS ON CONFLICT MINERALS .—Sec- tion 1502(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 78m note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘until the termination of the disclosure requirements under section 13(p) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2020, in 2022, and in 2024’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘through 2020, in 2022, and in 2024’’ after ‘‘an-nually thereafter’’. (c) U
PDATE ON ACTIONS TAKEN BY SEC-
RETARY OF HHS T OIMPLEMENT GAO R EC-
OMMENDATION .—Section 632(d) of the Amer-ican Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240; 126 Stat. 2354) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. (d) R
EVIEW PANEL .—Section 399V–4(d)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–15) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, or an individual within the Government Account-ability Office designated by the Comptroller General, shall’’ and inserting ‘‘shall des-ignate a member of the review panel to’’; and (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘Comptroller General’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 5687, the GAO Mandates Revision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.029 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5671 September 20, 2016 
Act of 2016. We have a unique oppor-tunity today to help a critical congres-sional ally, the Government Account-ability Office. GAO’s reporting helps ensure that Federal funds are efficiently and effec-tively spent and that our Federal pro-grams work as intended for the Amer-ican people. For example, the GAO has created over $600 billion in financial benefits to the Federal Government since fiscal year 2003. The implementa-tion of GAO’s recommendations has led to over 16,000 program and operational improvements across the Federal Gov-ernment. Congress relies heavily on GAO, and, therefore, it is natural that commit-tees frequently pass bills to require the GAO to produce regular reporting. However, Congress must also periodi-cally review these requirements to en-sure that we are not burdening GAO with required reporting that is no longer necessary. The bill before us does just that by repealing eight mandated reviews that are outdated or unnecessary. Elimi-nation of these reports will allow the GAO to free up resources and better focus on Congress’ highest priorities. All reports being repealed by this legis-lation have been agreed upon on a bi-partisan, bicameral basis. I want to thank my colleagues throughout the House and Senate who have taken part in this process. We will be back in the 115th Congress with a similar review, and I thank you in ad-vance for your help again. In summary, the bill before us today will allow the GAO to better respond to more time-sensitive congressional re-quests. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5687. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a simple, com-monsense bill that would eliminate or modify certain outdated GAO reports currently mandated by statute. The bill would allow GAO to more effec-tively use its resources and assist Con-gress more effectively. I appreciate the bipartisan and bicameral approach taken on this bill. b1530 Majority and minority staff of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee worked to ensure that the committee that received the reports af-fected by the bill were all comfortable with the changes being made. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5687. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
MARINE LANCE CORPORAL SQUIRE ‘‘SKIP’’ WELLS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5612) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5612 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MARINE LANCE CORPORAL SQUIRE ‘‘SKIP’’ WELLS POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Ma-rine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5612, introduced by Representa-tive T
OMPRICE of Georgia, to designate a post office located in Marietta, Geor-gia, as the Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells Post Office Build-ing. Lance Corporal Wells enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 2014 after 2 years in college. On July 16, 2015, he was completing training at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when a gun-man opened fire. Lance Corporal Wells heroically lost his life warning fellow marines about the attack. I look forward to learning more about Lance Corporal Wells from the sponsor of the bill, Representative PRICE. For now, I urge Members to sup-port the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5612, a bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells Post Of-fice Building. A native of Marietta, Georgia, Skip Wells enlisted in the Marine Corps in 2014 and was assigned to the 14th Ma-rine Regiment in Tennessee, where he served as a field artillery commander. On July 16, 2015, while serving a vol-untary 2-week assignment at the U.S. Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Lance Cor-poral Wells was tragically killed when a lone gunman opened fire on the cen-ter. Lance Corporal Wells was post-humously awarded a Purple Heart. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor the bravery, service, and sac-rifice of Lance Corporal Skip Wells. I urge support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE), my good friend, a great leader, and the sponsor of this bill. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a fallen hero from Georgia’s Sixth Congres-sional District, Marine Lance Corporal Squire Wells from Marietta, Georgia. Known by his friends and family as Skip, Lance Corporal Wells was one of five servicemembers tragically mur-dered in a terrorist attack at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chat-tanooga, Tennessee, on July 16, 2015. Skip Wells graduated from Sprayberry High School in Cobb Coun-ty in 2012. In high school, he played clarinet in the marching band, was ac-tive in Junior ROTC, and was regarded by his classmates as a ‘‘protector’’— someone who ‘‘looked at everyone with love’’ and would ‘‘go anywhere to pro-tect anybody.’’ After graduation, he studied history at Georgia Southern University before going on to enlist in the Marine Corps in 2014. Mr. Speaker, his family had a long tradition of military service, and Skip Wells felt a strong calling to de-fend his country. While in the Marines, Skip Wells dis-tinguished himself as a proud field ar-tillery cannoneer. His desire to put the well-being of his fellow marines and the mission before that of his own was famous among fellow servicemembers. Once, while on a training exercise, a sledge hammer badly damaged his hand while attempting to drive a stake into the ground. Seeing the damage to his hand, his commanding officer ordered Wells to seek immediate medical at-tention for his injuries, but Lance Cor-poral Wells refused. He said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.032 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5672 September 20, 2016 
First Sergeant, I will not leave my gun. I’ll refuse medical treatment, but I am not leav-ing my position. 
Such was his resolve to serve and his commitment to his fellow marines, that he would not abandon them, not even during a training exercise. Mr. Speaker, this was one remarkable man. On July 16, 2015, Skip Wells was com-pleting 2 weeks of training at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when a ter-rorist opened fire on the facility. Dis-regarding his own safety, Skip Wells was last seen running to warn col-leagues in the motor pool of the at-tack. He was 21 years old at the time of his death. Mr. Speaker, the valor of this young man’s action and the tragedy sur-rounding the taking of his life at the hands of a terrorist moved people in my district deeply. At a memorial service that was held at his high school, more than 4,000 mourners filled the stadium to remember Skip Wells. Thousands more stood around the pe-riphery of the field. Skip Wells was a proud marine and a true hero. He made the ultimate sac-rifice and selflessly gave his life to pro-tect his fellow servicemembers and to protect our Nation. There is nothing we could do that would be too much to honor this young hero’s memory. Thus, I urge the House to pass this legislation to designate this facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, the post office clos-est to his high school, Sprayberry High School, as the Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells Post Office Build-ing. It is my hope, Mr. Speaker, that, for generations to come, young children and others at the post office will see that post office’s name and ask: Who is Skip Wells? Mr. Speaker, that answer will be very, very clear. He was a val-iant defender, a hero, and a patriot. He was truly the very best of us. To his mom, Cathy, and his family, we extend our deepest appreciation for his service and his sacrifice. May God bless his memory, the Wells family, and the United States of America. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), from the State where this tragedy occurred. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation that my dear friend and colleague, Dr. P
RICE, has sponsored in this House. On that fateful day, July 16, 2015, five great American heroes lost their lives: Gunnery Sergeant Thomas Sullivan, Staff Sergeant David Wyatt, Sergeant Carson Holmquist, Petty Officer Sec-ond Class Randall Smith, and, yes, an-other great hero, Lance Corporal Skip Wells. I am honored to stand in the well of this House, as I was when I came here after those attacks, and I want all Americans to know and understand the love and support that not only Chat-tanooga and the great State of Ten-nessee—my State—showed, but the great support shown in the people’s House for those five fallen heroes. Lance Corporal Skip Wells truly was and is an American hero. Think about that. He was a marine serving at the Naval and Marine Reserve Center. I had been there prior to these attacks. I have been there several times after these attacks. As a matter of fact, the Commandant of the great United States Marine Corps has visited there. General Miller has actually been to where we sustained this great loss of life. Those terrorist attacks that day on American soil in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee, took these five lives. Skip Wells stood proud as a marine and defended our great Nation that day. And yes, all five of these great service people were awarded the Purple Heart posthumously, as they should have been. But now, in some great way that we can, with Dr. PRICE’s bill, we honor this great American marine and great American hero who gave the ulti-mate sacrifice for us so that we can serve in this House and so that we can remain the freest, greatest Nation that the world has ever seen. We will honor him and, hopefully, pass this bill on the naming of a post office. Yes, Dr. P
RICE is right: this is just a small token of the debt that Chattanooga, Tennessee, and America, will always owe to Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be a cospon-sor of this bill. I thank Dr. P
RICE and my friend from Tennessee as well. At this time, I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5612. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RICHARD ALLEN CABLE POST OFFICE Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4887) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Rich-ard Allen Cable Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4887 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RICHARD ALLEN CABLE POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4887, introduced by Representa-tive P
ETER VISCLOSKY , to designate a post office located in Shelby, Indiana, as the Richard Allen Cable Post Office. Richard Cable served the United States gallantly in Vietnam and was awarded a Purple Heart and a Silver Star. He gave his life protecting fellow soldiers from deadly crossfire from in-surgents. I look forward to learning more about Mr. Cable from the sponsor of the bill, Representative V
ISCLOSKY . I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4887. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 4887, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the Richard Allen Cable Post Office. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ), the author of the bill. b1545 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I thank the gentleman from Georgia, as well as the gentlewoman, for managing this legislation. I also do want to thank the chairs of the full committee and subcommittee, as well as the rank-ing members, for allowing this legisla-tion to be brought up today. Mr. Speaker, I do wish to remember United States Army Specialist Richard ‘‘Dickie’’ Allen Cable for his bravery and willingness to defend his country. Specialist Cable was killed in action while defending his comrades during Operation Billings in Vietnam on June 14, 1967. It is my honor to sponsor H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.035 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5673 September 20, 2016 
4887, a bill to name the post office in Shelby, Indiana, after Specialist Cable, a hero who gave his life in service of his Nation. Dickie is survived by his mother, Grace, and a close-knit community of neighbors and friends who continue to honor his memory today through their persistent advocacy of this dedication. In particular, I would like to thank Mr. Richard Boetler, who first ap-proached my office about dedicating the Shelby Post Office to Dickie’s memory and organized a petition signed by over 700 Shelby residents to advocate for this legislation. Additionally, I want to thank each of my colleagues in the Indiana delega-tion for cosponsoring this legislation. Finally, I want to thank local elected officials for their advocacy, including Indiana State Senator Rick Niemeyer, Indiana State Representative Michael Aylesworth, Cedar Creek Township Trustee Alice Dahl, Lake County Coun-cilman Eldon Strong and, finally, Lake County Commissioner Gerry Scheub. I ask that my colleagues support H.R. 4887. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, we cer-tainly should pass this bill to remem-ber the incredible courage and selfless-ness displayed by Specialist Dickie Cable as he put the lives of others be-fore his own. I strongly support this bill. I urge passage of H.R. 4887. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4887. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LEONARD MONTALTO POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5150) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5150 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LEONARD MONTALTO POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5150, introduced by Representative D
ANIEL  D
ONOVAN , to designate the post office located in Staten Island, New York, as the Leonard Montalto Post Office Building. Leonard Montalto worked for the U.S. Postal Service in Staten Island, the community in which he grew up. Lenny, as he was known, tragically died during Hurricane Sandy when his home was flooded. I look forward to learning more about Mr. Montalto from the sponsor of the bill, Representative D
ONOVAN . I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the Leon-ard Montalto Post Office Building. Leonard Montalto served with the United States Postal Service for 31 years. He worked as a clerk in the Tottenville, New York, mail processing station, and also served as the sec-retary-treasurer of his local American Postal Workers Union. A dedicated father of three daugh-ters, Lenny, as he was called, enjoyed spending his free time coaching his daughters’ travel soccer teams, hosting family gatherings, and playing his gui-tar. Lenny tragically passed away during Hurricane Sandy when a storm surge flooded his home, and he was unable to escape to higher ground. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate Leonard Montalto’s dedication to the Postal Service and the positive impact he had on so many members of his community. I urge the passage of H.R. 5150. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a local postal employee from the 11th Congressional District, Mr. Leonard Montalto. Lenny, as his friends called him, was a lifelong resident of Staten Island. He was a loving father and a dedicated public servant. He worked for 28 years as a clerk at the mail processing sta-tion in the Tottenville section of Stat-en Island. H.R. 5150 renames that postal facility after Leonard Montalto, who tragically passed away during Superstorm Sandy. Lenny was at his family’s home in Oakwood Beach during Superstorm Sandy. At the height of the storm, his basement began to flood rapidly. He be-came trapped inside just hours after warning his daughter to evacuate. Superstorm Sandy, sadly, took Lenny, an honest and hardworking family man. Earlier this year, my office reached out to one of Lenny’s daughters, An-gela, about renaming the postal facil-ity in her father’s honor, an idea first offered by my predecessor, former Con-gressman Michael Grimm. I want to thank all three of Lenny’s daughters, Angela, Nicole, and Ashley, for helping me advocate for this bill’s passage. I also want to thank Chair-man C
HAFFETZ , Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS , and the entire Oversight and Government Reform Committee for passing H.R. 5150, as well as the entire New York delegation for their strong support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, today we remember Leonard Montalto and all the men and women who tragically lost their lives during Superstorm Sandy. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5150. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on this bill, and I urge adoption of it. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5150. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ARMY FIRST LIEUTENANT DON-ALD C. CARWILE POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5309) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.039 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5674 September 20, 2016 
Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5309 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ARMY FIRST LIEUTENANT DONALD C. CARWILE POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Army First Lieuten-ant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5309, introduced by Representative T
RENT  K
ELLY , to designate a post office lo-cated in Oxford, Mississippi, as the Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building. First Lieutenant Carwile dedicated his life to serving the people of Mis-sissippi and the United States. He began a career in law enforcement in Batesville and Oxford, Mississippi, be-fore joining the U.S. Army and deploy-ing to Afghanistan. He was killed when his vehicle struck an IED during a combat mission. I look forward to learning more about First Lieutenant Carwile from the sponsor of the bill, Representative K
ELLY of Mississippi. For now, I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5309, a bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the Army First Lieuten-ant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building. Donnie Carwile, as he was called, en-listed in the Army shortly after high school, and was assigned to the 25th Di-vision, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. Following a 3-year enlistment, he re-turned home to dedicate himself to his family after the death of his step-mother. During that time, Donnie served as a police officer and continued his edu-cation. In 2006, Donnie re-enlisted in the Army and was assigned as a pla-toon leader in the 101st Airborne Divi-sion. He deployed to Wardak, Afghani-stan, in 2008. On August 15, 2008, First Lieutenant Carwile was killed when his vehicle struck an IED. He received the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart for his hon-orable service. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor First Lieutenant Donnie Carwile’s service and remember the ul-timate sacrifice he made for our coun-try. I urge passage of H.R. 5309. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. KELLY ), the sponsor of the bill and my good friend. Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled and hon-ored today to rise in the memory of First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile, known to his family and friends as Donnie. He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. First Lieutenant Carwile gave his life in de-fense of this great nation on August 15, 2008, while on a combat mission in Wardak Province, Afghanistan. He and fellow soldier, Army Private First Class Paul E. Conlon, Jr., of Som-erville, Massachusetts, lost their lives when their vehicle was struck by a roadside bomb and then attacked by in-surgents with small arms fire and rock-et-propelled grenades. No greater love has a man than to lay down his life for his friends. Donnie is survived by his wife, Jen-nifer, and daughters, Elizabeth Reese and Avery Claire, who were only 5 and 3 when they lost their dad. I want his daughters and wife to know that their loved one is a hero and that this grate-ful Nation recognizes his service. Donnie was born in Virginia, and he grew up in Lafayette County, Mis-sissippi, where he had deep family roots. From an early age, he led a life of looking out for others. His Lafayette High School and Northwest Community College instruc-tor, Janice Martin, told the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal in 2008: ‘‘He went out of his way to be a friend to students who weren’t as gifted as some.’’ Shortly after graduating from Lafay-ette High School, Donnie joined the Army in 2003. Just after September 11, 2001, he adjusted course, deciding he wanted to follow a path of law enforce-ment with his father, grandfather, and uncle, and so he started as a patrol of-ficer with the Batesville Police Depart-ment, and then the Oxford Police De-partment. After finishing a degree in criminal justice at Ole Miss, he re-enlisted in the Army in 2006 and qualified for Offi-cer Candidate School, where he was commissioned as an infantry officer. His wife, Jennifer, shared with Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal: ‘‘He cared so much about the men in his platoon. He always said his first goal was to bring his men home, and his second, only after that, was to come home himself.’’ First Lieutenant Carwile’s awards and decorations include the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, Combat Infantryman Badge, Air Assault Badge, Parachutist Badge, Army Commenda-tion Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Good Conduct Medal, the National De-fense Service Medal, Afghanistan Cam-paign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. Donnie led a life of service to family, state, and country. b1600 He is a hero, and he paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of this great Na-tion. I thank my colleagues in the Mis-sissippi delegation and the 114th Con-gress for their support of H.R. 5309 to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building. This small gesture will honor his memory and will serve as a reminder of First Lieutenant Carwile’s selfless service and sacrifice for our freedom. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5309. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ZAPATA VETERANS POST OFFICE Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5591) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.042 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5675 September 20, 2016 
H.R. 5591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ZAPATA VETERANS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Zapata Vet-erans Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5591 introduced by Representa-tive H
ENRY CUELLAR to designate the post office located in Zapata, Texas, as the Zapata Veterans Post Office. Our veterans deserve to be recognized every day, and we, as a House of Rep-resentatives, express our sincerest ap-preciation and gratitude for their sac-rifices in the name of preserving our freedoms that we enjoy as Americans. I look forward to learning more about the heroic exploits of veterans from Zapata, Texas, from the sponsor of the bill, Representative C
UELLAR . Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5591, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 North US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the Zapata Veterans Post Office. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), a good friend and the author of this bill. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to say, first of all, that I rise in support of H.R. 5591, which designates the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service in Zapata as the Zapata Veterans Post Office. I would like to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS for their leadership and their support in this bill and, of course, the staff on both the majority and the mi-nority. I especially want to thank also the chairman, the managing Member from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) for his kind words to the veterans in Zapata, and also my friend, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON )—both of them for their lead-ership. I thank them so much for the work that they have done. Zapata County is home to 503 vet-erans, according to our U.S. Census. It is imperative that we honor the service and dedication of those veterans in Za-pata to our Nation. Dedicating this post office in Zapata to the Zapata vet-erans will serve as a constant reminder of the sacrifice that our friends, our neighbors, and our families have made while serving our country. Today, I particularly want to ac-knowledge the sacrifice of those vet-erans in Zapata County. These are vet-erans who put country ahead of self for whom I am proud to recognize in dedi-cating the Zapata postal facility in their name. As an example of some of the heroic actions of some of the veterans of Za-pata, let me mention the six Trevino brothers: Teodoro, Leopoldo, Antonio, Anselmo, Filberto, Jr., and Jose Manuel, who served honorably for a combined 15
1⁄2years in our armed serv-ices during World War II before they returned home to Zapata. Despite the many hardships that these brothers faced, six of them were able to overcome whatever obstacle was put before them. Among their many acts of bravery, they fearlessly took down enemy planes and protected fellow soldiers using their bodies as shields. Their courage and dedication to our Nation—those six brothers and the other veterans who we have in Za-pata—demonstrate what it really means to be an American. They are, again, just an example of many of the veterans who have made countless sac-rifices for their country in the face of danger. I also would like to thank the Vet-erans’ Service Office in Zapata for their work in providing care to the vet-erans in Zapata. Again, they are only one of many local organizations. Again, using the words of President John F. Kennedy: ‘‘As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.’’ This bill allows us to show our appreciation and make sure that their service and the sacrifice to our country is not forgot-ten. So, again, I want to thank, Mr. Speaker, both the chairman and the ranking member, Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE, and, of course, the staff that has worked so hard. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want only to conclude by requesting that the House pass this bill and name the post office in Zapata, Texas, to commemo-rate the men and women whose brave acts and selfless deeds have preserved our American freedom. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 5591. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the work of the gentleman from Texas. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5591. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OFFICER JOSEPH P. CALI POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5676) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. North-west Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5676 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. OFFICER JOSEPH P. CALI POST OF-FICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Offi-cer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5676, introduced by Representa-tive Q
UIGLEY , to designate a post office in Chicago, Illinois, as the Officer Jo-seph P. Cali Post Office Building. Officer Cali capably served the United States in Vietnam before be-coming a police officer in Chicago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\H20SE6.REC H20SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5676 September 20, 2016 
Tragically, he was murdered by a snip-er while on the job in May of 1975. The city of Chicago has honored his legacy by dedicating the street on which he lived to his service. I look forward to learning more about Officer Cali from the sponsor of the bill, Mr. Q
UIGLEY . Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support H.R. 5676, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ), a good friend, the author of this legislation, and a member of the committee. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, today, I come before you in strong support of H.R. 5676 to designate the post office located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illi-nois, as the Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building. It is with great honor that I seek to designate this postal facility in my dis-trict in the memory of Officer Cali, a hero who dedicated his life to pro-tecting the people of Chicago. Before joining the force in 1973, Offi-cer Cali enlisted in the United States Army and valiantly served our country in Vietnam. After returning from Viet-nam, Officer Cali continued his service to his country and community by join-ing the Chicago police force. In just 2 years as an officer, Officer Cali received five honorable mention awards and two letters of commenda-tion—a remarkable accomplishment in such a short period of time. While working on his day off in May of 1975, Officer Cali was tragically mur-dered by a sniper during a routine traf-fic stop. He was only 31 years old when he was tragically killed. He is survived by his wife, Neva, and two young daughters, Jennifer and Carolyn. Officer Cali’s incredible effort to serve and protect the people of Chicago with humility and perseverance will al-ways be remembered. I hope that this post office can stand in Officer Cali’s name to memorialize his courage and his dedication to the city of Chicago and his country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow col-leagues to support this bill to honor his memory and his sacrifice. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want only to endorse the remarks of my good friend, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and to indi-cate we should pass this bill to memo-rialize Officer Cali and inspire others through his legacy of respect, kindness, and community service. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Rep-resentative QUIGLEY for his fine work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5676. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SEGUNDO T. SABLAN AND CNMI FALLEN MILITARY HEROES POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5889) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fall-en Military Heroes Post Office Build-ing. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5889 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SEGUNDO T. SABLAN AND CNMI FALLEN MILITARY HEROES POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mar-iana Islands, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5889, introduced by Delegate S
ABLAN , to designate the post office lo-cated in Saipan, Northern Mariana Is-lands, as the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Of-fice Building. Segundo Sablan assisted U.S. forces during World War II as they fought to take control of the island of Saipan from the Japanese. b1615 After the war ended, Mr. Sablan was appointed by the Navy to handle postal services for the Northern Mariana Is-lands. He was named the first post-master for Saipan soon after. I look forward to learning more about Segundo Sablan from the spon-sor of the bill, Representative GREGORIO SABLAN . I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 5889, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, North-ern Mariana Islands, as the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military He-roes Post Office Building. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. S
ABLAN ), the author of this bill. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5889, a bill to designate the United States postal fa-cility located in Chalan Kanoa, Saipan, the Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fall-en Military Heroes Post Office Build-ing. The bill recognizes Mr. Sablan, the first Chamorro and native of Saipan appointed a U.S. postmaster. The bill also honors the Northern Marianas servicemen and -women who lost their lives while serving our great country during this war on terrorism. Segundo Tudela Sablan, fondly known as Tun Segundo, was born on May 27, 1919, on Saipan. Shortly after the United States victory over the Jap-anese in the Battle of Saipan during World War II, Tun Segundo was among a small group of Chamorros and Caro-linians, the indigenous people of the Northern Marianas, selected by the U.S. military to serve as Marine Scouts for the 6th Provisional Police Military Battalion. His knowledge of the terrain and fluency in the Japanese language made him ideally suited for the task of searching the island’s caves and jun-gles for Japanese holdouts responsible for sniper and grenade attacks on American soldiers. In 1951, Tun Segundo was appointed the first United States postmaster for Saipan by the United States Navy, which, at the time, had administrative responsibility for the Northern Mari-anas under the United States Trustee-ship Agreement, known as the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. A dedi-cated postmaster, he twice used his home for postal operations after ty-phoons destroyed the post office build-ing and often neglected his farm and livestock to ensure families received their mail. A crippling back injury sus-tained during the war eventually made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.048 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5677 September 20, 2016 
it impossible for him to carry out the physical tasks required of the job. He resigned as postmaster in 1961. The post office name will also serve as a tribute to our fallen Northern Marianas sons and daughters. The peo-ple of the Northern Marianas have a proud history of military service that began long before we were officially part of the United States and continues to this day. We lost 20 young men and women to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan alone. I hope that knowing their service and sacrifice will never be forgotten brings a measure of comfort to their families and friends. I am grateful to Chairman C
HAFFETZ  and Ranking Member C
UMMINGS and their staff on the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform for their work and moving this through the process. I am equally grateful to the gentleman from Florida and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia for their time and effort in man-aging today’s bill. I offer special thanks to the family of Tun Segundo, who provided much in-formation about the life of this leader, their father, for their support of this legislation. I also want to thank the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Saipan Post 3457, espe-cially Post Commander Michael O’Kelley; Senior Vice Commander Matias Chargualaf; and Departmental Quartermaster Peter Callaghan for their endorsement. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill in memory of Segundo Sablan, his heroic actions dur-ing World War II, and his dedicated ca-reer in the United States Postal Serv-ice. I urge the passage of H.R. 5889. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I, likewise, urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5889. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
E. MARIE YOUNGBLOOD POST OFFICE Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5356) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5356 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. E. MARIE YOUNGBLOOD POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5356, intro-duced by Representative K
EVIN BRADY , to designate a post office located in Coldspring, Texas, as the E. Marie Youngblood Post Office. Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood worked as a rural letter carrier for the U.S. Post-al Service in southeast Texas. Mrs. Youngblood’s life was tragically cut short while serving her community by delivering mail on May 17, 2013. I look forward to learning more about Mrs. Youngblood from the spon-sor of the bill, Representative B
RADY . For now, I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to support H.R. 5356, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the E. Marie Youngblood Post Office. Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood served as a rural letter carrier and worked tire-lessly to deliver mail to southeast Tex-ans who would have otherwise had to travel many miles. She was well known and loved on her route for her friendly nature and willingness to go out of her way to serve others. Tragically, Marie was shot and killed while on her mail route on May 17, 2013, leaving behind a husband, two sons, and two grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to remember Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Young-blood and celebrate the lives she touched through her loving actions and committed service to the community and to the United States Postal Serv-ice. I urge the passage of H.R. 5356. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the sponsor of the bill, a good friend and great leader around here. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to tell you about an amazing con-stituent of mine and my legislation to name the Coldspring, Texas, Post Of-fice in her honor. A native Texan, Eddie ‘‘Marie’’ Youngblood was born in Houston in 1961. But big city life was not for Marie. When her family moved to Shepherd when she was in junior high, she found her calling in small town Texas life. While in Shepherd, Marie fell in love with George, the man who would become her husband. Together, Marie and George raised two wonderful sons, George Jr. and Mark, who were blessed with children of their own. Marie relished being a grandmother and made a point to spend every moment she could with her grandchildren, Kimara and Luke. Throughout her life, it was Marie’s loving, nurturing personality that drew people to her. Whether she was helping clients working at the local bank, serv-ing hungry customers soul food at one of her two Marie’s Diners, or delivering the mail on her rural mail route, she always put others first. Her devotion to Pleasant Valley Baptist Church and her community was limitless, as was her deep and abiding faith in the Lord. Through her dedication to the people around her, Marie chose to serve as a rural letter carrier. Every day, she loaded her specialized Jeep with letters and packages for Texans who otherwise would have had to travel many miles just for their mail. Marie was so well known on her route, her customers often stopped her just to chat as she made her deliveries. Tragically, it was on this route she loved and where she was loved that her life was cut short. On May 17, 2013, this beloved daughter, mother, and grand-mother was killed in a senseless act of violence while she was simply doing her job. Justice has not yet been served, but it is important that Marie’s life, not her death, define her legacy. While Marie may be gone, her legacy lives on through the lives she touched: both of Marie’s sons work for the Postal Serv-ice, and her loving husband George vis-its her grave each and every day to keep the flowers fresh and grave site pristine. While she has entered the kingdom of Heaven, her legacy of serv-ice before self lives on. My legislation, H.R. 5356, supported by the entire Texas delegation, ce-ments that legacy by naming the post office in Coldspring, Texas, in her honor. I cannot think of a more fitting way of honoring Marie’s life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.051 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5678 September 20, 2016 
I humbly ask my colleagues to sup-port naming the Coldspring, Texas, Post Office for this public servant who was taken from us far too soon. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ). We all, likewise, hope that justice will be served quick-ly. I thank him for his leadership. I urge adoption of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5356. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ABNER J. MIKVA POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5798) to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5798 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ABNER J. MIKVA POST OFFICE BUILD-ING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5798, introduced by Representa-tive S
CHAKOWSKY , to designate a post office located in Evanston, Illinois, as the Abner J. Mikva Post Office Build-ing. The Honorable Abner Mikva dedi-cated his life to public service. He served in all three branches of the Fed-eral Government, serving in the U.S. House of Representatives, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia, and in the White House as counsel to President Bill Clinton. I look forward to learning more about the Honorable Abner Mikva from the sponsor of the bill, Representative SCHAKOWSKY . I urge Members to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to support H.R. 5798, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building. I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), the author of this bill. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding, and I thank my colleague across the aisle for his support of this legislation. I also thank all of my colleagues in the Illi-nois delegation for cosponsoring this legislation to name a post office for Abner J. Mikva. Ab, as my colleague mentioned, is one of the few Americans to hold the distinction of serving in all three branches of the Federal Government. When Abner Mikva was a young man, he went to the office of a Chicago ward committeeman and asked to volunteer. His offer was rebuffed with the remark: ‘‘We don’t want nobody nobody sent.’’ Unswayed, Abner Mikva devoted his life to public service and to politics. Abner Mikva was born in 1926 in Mil-waukee. He enrolled in the Army Air Corps in 1944 and served as a navigator in the Army Air Corps during World War II. In 1951, he received a law degree from the University of Chicago and, after graduation, served as a clerk to Associate Justice Sherman Minton on the Supreme Court. In 1956, Abner Mikva was elected to the Illinois General Assembly, where he served for five consecutive terms. He was then elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1968, where he represented the south side, Hyde Park neighborhood of Chi-cago. That is Barack Obama’s neigh-borhood. After redistricting in 1971, Abner Mikva moved to Evanston. In 1974, he won the election to represent Illinois’ 10th Congressional District, which was based, at that time, in Evanston, my hometown. Abner Mikva was elected in three consecutive elec-tions to represent the people of Evans-ton and the surrounding north shore communities in the United States House. His campaigns were notable for their involvement of thousands of young people in his robust grassroots election efforts. Eighteen-year-olds had re-cently been granted the constitutional right to vote, and he had recruited and enlisted many of them. Many of these young people became effective political organizers, transforming the nature of political campaigns over the last four decades. Abner Mikva was nominated in his third term as an appointee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia, where he served alongside Ju-rists Clarence Thomas, Antonin Scalia, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. During his final 4 years on the D.C. Circuit Court, Abner Mikva served as chief judge. He was then selected by President Bill Clinton in 1994 to be White House Counsel. After a year as White House Counsel, Abner Mikva returned to the Chicago area and taught at North-western University in Evanston. In 1997, Abner Mikva and his beloved wife and partner, Zoe, started what they called the Mikva Challenge—his effort to engage young people in civic leadership. Each year, the Mikva Chal-lenge engages 7,000 young people—stu-dents—in programs across the Chicagoland area. These are high school kids. Students volunteer on the campaigns of both parties, serve as election judges, intern in legislative of-fices, and learn how to be effective ad-vocates on issues they care the most about. In 2014, President Obama recognized Abner Mikva’s service to this country with the Presidential Medal of Free-dom—our highest civilian honor. When honoring Abner Mikva, Presi-dent Obama said: ‘‘Ab transcends any single moment in recent political his-tory, but he had a hand in shaping some of the best of it.’’ Abner Mikva said that receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom from his friend Barack Obama was ‘‘the greatest thing that ever happened to me.’’ Abner Mikva remains a revered fight-er in Illinois and a favorite son of Evanston’s—remembered for his endur-ing wit, humanity, and the ongoing legacy of the Mikva Challenge. Let me just say, personally, on July 4, 2016, while America lost a great pa-triot, I also lost a very precious friend and mentor. I am so happy that we are going to pay an appropriate tribute to his great memory and his legacy. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I endorse the words of the gentlewoman from Il-linois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), and I urge the passage of H.R. 5798, a bill to honor the legacy of Abner Mikva and to com-memorate his exemplary life of public service across all branches of our Fed-eral Government. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.053 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5679 September 20, 2016 
B. H ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5798. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EMERGENCY CITRUS DISEASE RESPONSE ACT OF 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3957) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow expensing of certain costs of re-planting citrus plants lost by reason of casualty, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3957 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emergency Cit-rus Disease Response Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSING OF CERTAIN COSTS OF RE-PLANTING CITRUS PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL TEMPORARY RULE FOR CITRUS  
PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of the replant-ing of citrus plants, subparagraph (A) shall apply to amounts paid or incurred by a person (other than the taxpayer described in subpara-graph (A)) if— ‘‘(I) the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A) has an equity interest of not less than 50 percent in the replanted citrus plants at all times during the taxable year in which such amounts were paid or incurred and such other person holds any part of the remaining equity interest, or ‘‘(II) such other person acquired the entirety of such taxpayer’s equity interest in the land on which the lost or damaged citrus plants were lo-cated at the time of such loss or damage, and the replanting is on such land. ‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any cost paid or incurred after December 31, 2025.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to costs paid or in-curred after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3957, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill makes a slight change to the existing law in order to help strug-gling farmers. The U.S. citrus industry faces a grave threat from an incurable bac-terial disease called citrus greening. While not harmful to humans, it re-sults in bitter, hard, misshapen fruit and eventually causes trees to die. The disease arrived in Florida in 2005 and has since infected 99 percent of the commercial citrus groves in my State as well as 50 percent of the groves in Texas. Greening has begun to march across the country and has been found in California, Louisiana, South Caro-lina, and Georgia. Once infected, trees must be uprooted and destroyed. Re-placing citrus trees is costly, but farm-ers have no choice as they must re-plant in order to earn a living. This disease has put 62,000 citrus jobs at risk in my State alone. The Tax Code currently allows farm-ers to fully deduct the cost of replant-ing trees that are damaged by drought, disease, or pests; but the current rule has a significant limitation: in order to get the deduction, the farmers must bear the costs of replanting the trees themselves. My bill would let farmers bring in in-vestors to help underwrite replanting costs without losing the immediate de-duction; and, to ensure that farmers keep working their land, my bill re-quires them to maintain at least a 50 percent interest in their groves in order to use this deduction. This commonsense, limited change to an existing provision in the Tax Code has broad, bipartisan support. In fact, every member of the Florida delega-tion, which is about 29 members— Democrats and Republicans alike—sup-port this proposal. Citrus growers in Florida, Texas, and California have all come out in support of the bill for one simple reason: nationwide, nearly 20 million trees will need to be replaced due to greening. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. There is no doubt the citrus industry is facing an emergency. A disease, re-ferred to as ‘‘greening,’’ is rapidly spreading among citrus crops, includ-ing oranges, tangerines, grapefruits, lemons, and limes. To date, Florida or-ange growers have been hard hit by this disease and have been forced to abandon more than 100,000 acres of groves. It takes about 2 years for the disease to fully manifest itself; there-fore, citrus crops in Texas and in Cali-fornia are also at risk. This bill would expand an exception that allows for the immediate expensing of replanting costs when crops are destroyed by this disease. Under current law, minority inves-tors only are allowed to immediately expense costs incurred for replanting when, one, the grower who incurred the loss or damage keeps a more than 50 percent interest in the property and, second, when the minority investor materially participates in the planting, maintenance, cultivation, or develop-ment of the property. Under this bill, minority investors also would be able to immediately ex-pense costs incurred for replanting if, one, the grower has an equity interest of not less than 50 percent in the re-planted citrus plants, and the minority investor holds the remaining interest or, two, if the minority investor ac-quires all of the taxpayer’s land on which the lost or damaged citrus plants were located, and the replanting is on such land. This bill would not re-quire minority investors to materially participate in the planting and grow-ing, thus making it more appealing for investors. At a cost of $30 million over 10 years, this bill takes a modest step in helping the citrus industry attract investors and much-needed capital to fight this devastating disease. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to pass this bill so that strug-gling farmers can have the flexibility to use the existing provisions of the Tax Code in a more ownership-type structure. Without this change, we run the risk of losing tens of thousands of jobs. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3957, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EXPANDING SENIORS RECEIVING DIALYSIS CHOICE ACT OF 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5659) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to expanding Medicare Advantage cov-erage for individuals with end-stage renal disease (ESRD), as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5659 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Seniors Receiving Dialysis Choice Act of 2016’’ or as the ‘‘ESRD Choice Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANDING MEDICARE ADVANTAGE COV-ERAGE FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH END- STAGE RENAL DISEASE (ESRD). 
(a) E XPANDED MA E LIGIBILITY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.057 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5680 September 20, 2016 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1851(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) by striking ‘‘
ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In this title, sub-ject to subparagraph (B),’’ and inserting ‘‘
EL-
IGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—In this title,’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 1852(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22(b)(1)) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (B); and (ii) by striking ‘‘B
ENEFICIARIES ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘A Medicare+Choice or-ganization’’ and inserting ‘‘B
ENEFICIARIES .— A Medicare Advantage organization’’. (B) Section 1859(b)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(b)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘may waive’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subparagraph and’’. (b) E
XCLUDING COSTS FOR KIDNEY ACQUISI -
TIONS FROMMA B ENCHMARK .—Section 1853 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23) is amended— (1) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (4), and (5)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (2), (4), and (5)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) E
XCLUSION OF COSTS FOR KIDNEY ACQUI -
SITIONS FROM CAPITATION RATES .—After de- termining the applicable amount for an area for a year under paragraph (1) (beginning with 2019), the Secretary shall adjust such applicable amount to exclude from such ap-plicable amount the Secretary’s estimate of the standardized costs for payments for organ acquisitions for kidney transplants covered under this title (including expenses covered under section 1881(d)) in the area for the year.’’; and (2) in subsection (n)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by inserting ‘‘and, for 2019 and subsequent years, the ex-clusion of payments for organ acquisitions for kidney transplants from the capitation rate as described in subsection (k)(5)’’ before the semicolon at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (F) and (G)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A
PPLICATION OF KIDNEY ACQUISITIONS  
ADJUSTMENT .—The base payment amount specified in subparagraph (E) for a year (be-ginning with 2019) shall be adjusted in the same manner under paragraph (5) of sub-section (k) as the applicable amount is ad-justed under such subsection.’’. (c) FFS C
OVERAGE OF KIDNEY ACQUISI -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1852(a)(1)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 22(a)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or coverage for organ acquisitions for kidney transplants, including as covered under sec-tion 1881(d)’’ after ‘‘hospice care’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1851(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) FFS 
PAYMENT FOR EXPENSES FOR KID -
NEY ACQUISITIONS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) do not apply with respect to expenses for organ acquisitions for kidney transplants described in section 1852(a)(1)(B)(i).’’. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING APPLI-
CATION OF APPROPRIATE MEDICARE ADVAN -
TAGE RISKADJUSTMENT FOR PAYMENT FOR IN-
CREASED ESRD E NROLLEES .—It is the sense of Congress that in implementing the poli-cies under this section, the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services should provide, in an accurate and transparent manner, for risk adjustment to payment under the Medicare Advantage program to account for the in-creased enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans of individuals with end-stage renal dis-ease. (e) EXPANDED MA E DUCATION .—Section 1851(d)(2)(A)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(d)(2)(A)(iii)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including any additional infor-mation that individuals determined to have end-stage renal disease may need to make informed decisions with respect to such an election’’. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2022, the Administrator of the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services shall submit to Congress a report on the impact of the amendments made by this section on spend-ing under the traditional Medicare fee-for- service program under parts A and B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act as well as on spending under parts C and D of such title. The report shall include an assessment of the risk adjustment payment methodolo-gies under such parts C and D and their ade-quacy with respect to individuals with end- stage renal disease and such recommenda-tions as the Administrator deems appro-priate. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plans years beginning on or after January 1, 2020. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. b1645 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5659, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of H.R. 5659, the ESRD Choice Act, and thank the Speaker for taking this ef-fort up today on the floor. This bipartisan legislation expands access to high-quality, affordable healthcare coverage options for Ameri-cans suffering from serious kidney ill-ness. End-stage renal disease, or ESRD, is the only preexisting condition that explicitly prevents patients from en-rolling in Medicare Advantage. This bill removes a harmful Federal restriction that has, for too long, blocked patients with ESRD from en-rolling in Medicare Advantage plans. The question is: Why should kidney disease patients be denied a choice all other Medicare beneficiaries have? The short answer is: They shouldn’t. These patients should have the same option to choose Medicare Advantage. Once this bill is passed and signed into law, my colleagues and I will be constantly watching the bureaucrats at the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services to make sure they fulfill their responsibilities to properly risk adjust payments to plans in an accu-rate and transparent manner. The bill requires a report of the effects of this legislation on risk adjustment, and I will be watching to make sure they get it right. I also want to recognize the hard work that went into this bill and spe-cifically thank Mr. LEWIS, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. M ARINO , as well as the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce for the hard work to re-move the last preexisting conditions in Medicare Advantage. The benefits of Medicare Advantage should be extended to all ESRD pa-tients. It is right thing to do, and now is the time to get it done. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, more than 80 percent of the approximately 640,000 Americans living with kidney failure, or end-stage renal disease, are covered under Medi-care. Unfortunately, those individuals who receive Medicare coverage as a re-sult of their ESRD do not have access to managed care plans under the Medi-care Advantage program. This bill would make a commonsense change and enable Medicare bene-ficiaries with ESRD to have the same choices as all other Medicare bene-ficiaries. H.R. 5659 would help make sure ESRD beneficiaries in Medicare have access to the coordinated serv-ices, flexibility, and integrated care they need to fit their own individual needs. I want to thank my fellow colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), for his dedication and his hard work over the past years on this important bipartisan legislation. I look forward to it advancing swiftly to the Presi-dent’s desk to be signed into law. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. The legislation expands access to a program that has improved millions of lives. This is just one of the bipartisan solutions Americans deserve, and these are the types of solutions I hope to continue working with the chairman and my colleagues in delivering as we work to improve our healthcare sys-tem. Dozens of folks back home in south-east and south central Missouri have contacted me with their support for this bill. Do you know what they tell me? They want a choice. I am pleased that the House is acting on our bill today since it follows one of our core principles as we look at health care, increasing patients’ options and control over their care. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.026 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5681 September 20, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5659, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
CONTINUING ACCESS TO HOSPITALS ACT OF 2016 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5613) to provide for the extension of the enforcement in-struction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hos-pitals through 2016, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Access to Hospitals Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘CAH Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF ENFORCEMENT INSTRUC-TION ON SUPERVISION REQUIRE-MENTS FOR OUTPATIENT THERA-PEUTIC SERVICES IN CRITICAL AC-CESS AND SMALL RURAL HOSPITALS THROUGH 2016. 
Section 1 of Public Law 113–198, as amend-ed by section 1 of Public Law 114–112, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ 2014 AND 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2015, and 2016’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Medicare Pay-ment Advisory Commission (established under section 1805 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–6)) shall submit to Congress a report analyzing the effect of the extension of the enforcement instruction under section 1 of Public Law 113–198, as amended by sec-tion 1 of Public Law 114–112 and section 2 of this Act, on the access to health care by Medicare beneficiaries, on the economic im-pact and the impact upon hospital staffing needs, and on the quality of health care fur-nished to such beneficiaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on H.R. 5613, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5613, the Continuing Access to Hospitals Act of 2016, a policy this Congress has passed unanimously in 2014 and 2015. Every year across Kansas, hospitals in rural communities must wait to see if they will have to comply with a bur-densome Federal regulation that makes caring for patients more dif-ficult, while providing no additional benefits. Back in January 2014, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services began enforcing a requirement that physi-cians must supervise outpatient thera-peutic services at critical access hos-pitals and other small rural hospitals. This meant that routine outpatient therapeutic procedures, such as the ap-plication of a splint to a finger or a demonstration of how to use a nebulizer, had to be directly supervised by a physician. Thankfully, Congress passed an ex-tension of a moratorium on that super-vision requirement in 2014 and again in 2015. Here we are again today to try to give a little bit of certainty to these very important rural and critical ac-cess hospitals. There are over 1,300 critical access hospitals that serve rural Americans in nearly every State, and these facilities simply lack the resources to fulfill this burdensome mandate. Before 2014, phy-sicians at rural hospitals were not re-quired to directly supervise these types of outpatient therapeutic services, and asking them to do so now, after unani-mously passing identical extensions the past 2 years, will only jeopardize access to care. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5613, the Continuing Access to Hospitals Act. I am pleased the House is considering this bipar-tisan legislation, which I introduced with Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Many of Iowa’s rural hospitals, just like the rural hospitals in Kansas and other parts of America, are struggling in these economic times. I have made it a point to visit all of the hospitals in my district on many occasions in order to hear directly from them about the issues they are facing and how I, as their Congressman, can help. I have seen firsthand that rural hos-pitals are bedrocks of their commu-nities, providing more than just high- quality, local access to health care. Rural hospitals also stimulate the local economy, creating jobs in the hospital and in the larger community. Without quality local health care, lives and communities are lost. One issue I consistently hear about is the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ rule strictly requiring direct supervision of outpatient therapeutic services. The enforcement of this rule will cause rural facilities to reduce therapy services, threatening access to needed procedures for rural Americans. That is why I was proud that, last year, the legislation that Congress-woman JENKINS and I introduced to continue the prohibition on CMS from enforcing the unreasonable supervision requirements for 2015 was signed into law. That bill, however, was only a fix for 2015, as Congresswoman J
ENKINS  pointed out. I am committed to mak-ing sure this is also solved in 2016, as well as working toward a permanent fix to provide certainty for our critical access hospitals, again, not just in Iowa or Kansas, but around the coun-try. The services covered by this legisla-tion have always been provided by li-censed, skilled professionals under the overall direction of a physician and with the assurance of rapid assistance from a team of caregivers, including a physician. While there is some need for direct supervision for certain out-patient services that pose a high risk or are very complex, CMS’ policy gen-erally applies to even the lowest risk services. This legislation will provide tem-porary relief that will go far in reliev-ing the regulatory burden of direct su-pervision of outpatient therapeutic services for rural hospitals. This legis-lation, fittingly, protects hospitals that were providing and are providing quality, responsible care during the pe-riod in question. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill today. Again, I thank Congresswoman J
EN-
KINS. We have worked together on this now for a couple of years. I think it proves that, if folks from both parties put their heads together and offer com-monsense legislation, we can get it passed. Most importantly, it proves that we can help our local hospitals and folks who live in these rural areas who need that access to those local hospitals. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH), an esteemed member of the House Ways and Means Committee. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 5613 to once again delay enforcement of su-pervision requirements on critical ac-cess hospitals. It has unfortunately become an an-nual ritual for us to pass legislation to block this arbitrary regulation which requires a physician to be on-site and present for the administration of most procedures, no matter how basic. As a condition of participation in the critical access program, a facility must have 25 or fewer beds, be distant from the next closest hospital, and have a physician on call and available within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.061 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5682 September 20, 2016 
30 minutes. The individuals who prac-tice at these facilities, including doc-tors, nurses, physician’s assistants, and nurse practitioners, have a very strong understanding of what care can be safe-ly provided in their critical access set-ting and which cases should be trans-ferred to a larger facility. However, CMS’ efforts to accommo-date the concerns of rural providers hasn’t been to empower these profes-sionals, but to create a limited list of procedures which can be done without a physician on-site. For this reason, I appreciate the chairman and the gen-tlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) for working with me to incorporate language into this bill, which requires MedPAC to report on the economic and staffing impacts of these regulations on rural hospitals. Based on discussions I have had with hospitals across Nebraska’s Third Dis-trict, I expect MedPAC’s findings will make a strong case for repealing this regulation outright. I urge passage of this bill, which is vital to communities across rural America. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). We came into Congress at the same time, and it is great we can work on this bill together. It is a com-monsense bill. Again, in Iowa, we have over 80 crit-ical access hospitals. The gentleman pointed out the importance that these are small hospitals, 25 or fewer beds. Their resources are limited. I thank the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) for supporting this bill. I really appreciate it. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Congressman L
OEBSACK and I worked together to introduce this measure, once again, in a bipartisan fashion. I, too, want to thank him for under-standing the problem rural doctors face with this supervision mandate and for his willingness to work with me to in-troduce this bill. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass this measure, once again, unani-mously, so that we can provide the rural doctors of this country with a lit-tle more certainty and take away the threat of an unnecessary burden. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5613, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. b1700 SOCIAL SECURITY MUST AVERT IDENTITY LOSS (MAIL) ACT OF 2016 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5320) to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Social Security Administration, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5320 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTRICTION ON SOCIAL SECURITY AC-COUNT NUMBERS IN DOCUMENTS SENT BY MAIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 205(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xiv)(I) The Commissioner of Social Security shall ensure that no document sent by mail by the Social Security Administration includes a complete social security account number unless the Commissioner determines that inclusion of such complete number is necessary. ‘‘(II) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this clause and not later than each of March 31 and September 30 of each of the first 6 years following the year in which such date of enactment occurs, the Commis-sioner of Social Security shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the implementation of subclause (I). Such report shall include— ‘‘(aa) the title and identification number of each document used by the Social Security Ad-ministration during the previous year on which is printed an individual’s complete social secu-rity account number; ‘‘(bb) the most recent date on which each such document was updated; and ‘‘(cc) the projected date on which complete so-cial security account numbers will be removed from each such document, or if the Commis-sioner determines that inclusion of such com-plete number is necessary, the rationale for such determination.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The Commissioner of Social Security shall implement the amendments made under subsection (a) as soon as prac-ticable after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to review and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5320, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today I rise as chairman of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means Sub-committee on Social Security in sup-port of the Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss Act of 2016, also known as the Social Security MAIL Act legis-lation. It is legislation that I intro-duced along with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. Speaker, Social Security makes a point of telling Americans how im-portant it is to protect their Social Se-curity numbers. Time and time again, Americans are warned to protect their Social Security cards in order to avoid identity theft. For years I have been calling for end-ing the use of Social Security numbers unless it is absolutely necessary. Un-fortunately, while some progress has been made, the Social Security Admin-istration still includes Social Security numbers on some documents it mails. Just last year, Social Security sent out more than 233 million letters that in-cluded full Social Security numbers. This needs to stop and now. The bill requires Social Security to either remove Social Security numbers from mailings or explain why including a Social Security number is necessary. This commonsense legislation is sup-ported by AARP and the Association of Mature American Citizens. Mr. Speak-er, I include in the R
ECORD their letters of support. 
AARP, July 13, 2016. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, House Subcommittee on Social Secu-rity. D
EAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON : AARP supports H.R.5320, the Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016, which would protect Social Security numbers (SSNs) from inappropriate public disclosure. AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, nationwide organiza-tion that helps people turn their goals and dreams into real possibilities, strengthens communities and fights for the issues that matter most to families such as healthcare, employment and income security, retire-ment planning, affordable utilities and pro-tection from financial abuse. Social Security is the primary source of re-tirement and disability income for 60 million Americans. Personal information about So-cial Security benefits, such as Social Secu-rity numbers (SSNs), is critical financial in-formation and must be afforded the highest level of privacy protection. H.R.5320 would ensure that Social Security numbers (SSNs) are protected by making clear the Social Se-curity Administration may not include a full Social Security account number on any doc-ument sent by mail unless the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration deter-mines that such inclusion is necessary. AARP has a longstanding public policy po-sition on Social Security privacy that com-panies, government agencies, and individuals should not be allowed to post or publicly dis-play SSNs, print them on cards, transmit them over the internet, or send them by mail without safety measures. We appreciate your recognition of the important need to protect personal Social Security information and ef-forts to urge Congress to make this needed change in the law. Because of Social Security, millions of Americans and their families are able to live 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.063 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5683 September 20, 2016 
their lives with dignity and independence. We look forward to continuing to work with you to ensure that all aspects of the Social Security program remain strong for future generations of American workers and their families. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me. Sincerely, J
OYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
AMAC, June 30, 2016. Hon. S
AMJOHNSON , Chairman, Social Security Subcommittee, House Committee on Ways and Means, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. J
IMRENACCI , 16th District, Ohio, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN JOHNSON AND CONGRESS -
MAN RENACCI : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of AMAC, the Association of Ma-ture American Citizens, I am writing in strong support of the H.R. 5320, the Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss Act of 2016, or the Social Security MAIL Act of 2016. This important piece of legislation seeks to protect Social Security beneficiaries from runaway identity theft that has become all too common for senior citizens. As identity theft becomes more and more rampant across the country, this timely bill offers a smart, sensible solution to a problem mil-lions of seniors face annually. Last year, the Social Security Administra-tion (SSA) sent 352 million notices by mail— including 233 million notices containing an individual’s full Social Security number. With such massive amounts of mail being de-livered with unnecessary and identity-com-promising information, there are several op-portunities for criminals to steal an individ-ual’s identity. In fact, in 2014, it is estimated that roughly 7% of the population over the age of 16 were victims of identity theft. As the world gets smaller, and as more crimi-nals see opportunities to steal identities in any way they can, H.R. 5320 offers a com-monsense solution to Social Security bene-ficiaries who are unknowingly being put at risk by the unnecessary use of their Social Security number. The Social Security MAIL Act of 2016 is as simple as it is smart. The bill mandates that the SSA ensure no piece of mail being sent to an individual includes that individual’s complete Social Security account number— unless it is absolutely necessary. As rates of identity theft continue to go up, Congress must take action to prevent making identity theft easier for opportunistic criminals. A bill like H.R. 5320 is long overdue, and we en-courage House leadership to act on behalf of Social Security beneficiaries and take swift action to enact this bill. As an organization committed to rep-resenting the interests of mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citizens’ interests are protected. We applaud Chairman Johnson, Congressman Renacci, and your attentive staffs for your thoughtful and practical solution to protect seniors from identity theft. AMAC is pleased to offer our organization’s full support to the Social Security MAIL Act of 2016. Sincerely, D
ANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans rightly expect that the Social Security Administra-tion keeps their personal information safe. This bill makes sure Social Secu-rity doesn’t include a Social Security number in documents it mails unless it is absolutely necessary. It is a com-monsense solution to a problem that shouldn’t exist in the first place. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members in the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass the Social Security MAIL Act today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill codifies current practice at the Social Security Administration, which is to remove Social Security numbers from its letters and notices in order to reduce the risk of identity theft. It is important to note that SSA is ahead of the game on these efforts. It has not included Social Security num-bers on statements since 2001. Checks have not contained Social Security numbers since 2004, and the annual COLA notice no longer contains full Social Security numbers. This bill before us also requires SSA to report to Congress twice each year for the next 6 years on its progress to-ward removing Social Security num-bers from all mail documents. I am glad that SSA has already taken important steps to protect Americans’ identities, and I commend SSA for the high value it places on pro-tecting Americans’ private informa-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman J
OHNSON for his leadership on the Subcommittee on Social Secu-rity and for his leadership on this legis-lation. Identity theft is an issue that has be-come all too prevalent in recent years. In fact, the Federal Trade Commission received over 490,000 identity theft complaints in 2015. This represents a 47 percent increase compared to 2014. As a personal victim of identity theft, I understand the frustration, fear, and sense of helplessness of hav-ing your identity stolen. I also under-stand the worry that victims have that someone will use their identity to file other fraudulent claims. The Federal Government and Federal agencies have a responsibility to carefully protect every American’s identifying informa-tion. That is why I was stunned to learn that the Social Security Admin-istration provided a full Social Secu-rity number on over 230 million docu-ments that it sent out in 2015. This rep-resents 66 percent of all mailings. The volume of documents that con-tain Americans’ full Social Security number puts Americans unnecessarily at risk of having their identity stolen. In fact, in a recent report, the inspec-tor general of the Social Security Ad-ministration stated that the ‘‘more SSNs are unnecessarily used, the high-er the probability they may be used in-appropriately.’’ This led the inspector general to recommend that the SSA should take steps to remove Social Se-curity numbers from documents and that the Social Security Administra-tion should be at the forefront of lim-iting the use of full Social Security numbers. Our legislation helps address this problem. H.R. 5320 simply directs the Social Security Administration to re-move full Social Security numbers from mailings when they simply are not needed. To northeast Ohioans, this is just common sense. Also, this bill will ensure Congress provides the proper amount of over-sight over the Social Security Admin-istration, requiring the administration to justify the continued use of full So-cial Security numbers on mailed docu-ments. All Americans should have the con-fidence in knowing that the Social Se-curity Administration is doing every-thing within its power to protect So-cial Security numbers. I urge all Mem-bers to support this commonsense, bi-partisan legislation. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I am prepared to close my remarks. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge all Mem-bers of the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass the Social Security MAIL Act today so the Senate can take action soon and the President can sign it into law without delay. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM J
OHNSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5320, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
UNITED STATES APPRECIATION FOR OLYMPIANS AND PARALYMPIANS ACT OF 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5946) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5946 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act of 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.033 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5684 September 20, 2016 
SEC. 2. OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC MEDALS AND USOC PRIZE MONEY EXCLUDED FROM GROSS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 74 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR OLYMPIC AND  P
ARALYMPIC MEDALS AND PRIZES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Gross income shall not in-clude the value of any medal awarded in, or any prize money received from the United States Olympic Committee on account of, competition in the Olympic Games or Paralympic Games. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION BASED ON ADJUSTED GROSS IN -
COME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if the adjusted gross income (determined without regard to this subsection) of such taxpayer for such taxable year exceeds $1,000,000 (half of such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return). ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER LIMITA -
TIONS .—For purposes of sections 86, 135, 137, 199, 219, 221, 222, and 469, adjusted gross income shall be determined after the application of paragraph (1) and before the application of sub-paragraph (A).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to prizes and awards received after December 31, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. D
OLD) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5946, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, every 2 years, young men and women travel around the world to represent the United States at the Olympic and Paralympic Games. These truly gifted athletes have dedi-cated their lives to training for the op-portunity to compete on the world’s greatest stage and represent our coun-try, often with little financial help. The vast majority of these athletes do not have endorsement deals and sponsorships. Instead, they often work full-time jobs while training or are full-time students, like Olivia Smoliga, born in Glenview, Illinois, who won gold in the 4x100 medley relay, while also studying as a student at the Uni-versity of Georgia. Over the years there have been a number of athletes who have struggled just to get by while training to rep-resent our Nation. Olympians like Sarah Robles, who is now the highest ranked U.S. weightlifter, while train-ing for the 2012 London Olympics, she lived in near poverty on just $400 a month. Sarah continued to focus on her training, and this past summer in Rio, she stood triumphantly on the Olympic podium, earning a bronze medal for the United States. And Paralympians like archery champion and world record holder Matt Stutzman, who picked up hunting to help feed his family while he was un-employed and having difficulty paying the rent. These are just a couple of examples, but they are indicative of the hardships and sacrifices faced by many U.S. Olympians as they train for the oppor-tunity to represent our country at the Olympics. These men and women are the embodiment of the Olympic spirit. Upon their return from the games, our Olympians are met with praise and admiration. However, for those who win a medal, they are also met with a tax bill from the IRS. Not only do our Olympians owe the Federal Govern-ment tax revenue based on the value of their Olympic medal, but they also owe a cut of their prize winnings provided by the United States Olympic Com-mittee. This tax on success, Mr. Speaker, is a disservice to the great athletes who compete for the United States. That is why I introduced, with Congressman BLAKE FARENTHOLD , the United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act. This legislation will eliminate the tax that the IRS imposes on both Olympic and Paralympic winnings by declaring that any medal value or prize money that is awarded by the United States Olympic Com-mittee to our medalists not be counted in gross income. Under current law, there are a num-ber of awards and prizes that are ex-empted from being counted as gross in-come by the IRS, which are similar to this very exemption. Additionally, I know there are concerns that indi-vidual athletes who have acted in a manner that is unbecoming of the Olympic spirit could benefit from this proposal. In those instances, there is precedent—as recently as this year— where the United States Olympic Com-mittee determines that the athlete must forfeit receiving any prize winnings. This ensures that this tax ex-emption only applies to those athletes who uphold the Olympic spirit and their ideals. Finally, this bill before us today in-cludes a commonsense amendment of-fered during the committee markup by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), my good friend, which makes sure that the proposal only ap-plies to our Olympic athletes with a gross income below $1 million that year. b1715 Our Olympic and Paralympic ath-letes deserve a catalyst to bring this Nation together every 2 years. I am asking my colleagues to join me in showing our appreciation for the hard work and dedication of our Olym-pians and Paralympians by supporting this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the main sponsor of the bill, Congressman DOLDfrom Illinois. I think it is very thoughtful legislation. Our Olympic athletes have worked and trained tirelessly to represent the greatest country in the world on the world stage. They have won contests in athletics, and they have won our hearts and minds. We know that time spent in training and in competitions requires enormous sacrifices from the athletes and their families. We are proud of our Olympians. I appreciate the spirit of this legisla-tion. We do not want to hit our ath-letes with a tax bill when they return home. That is a wonderful thank you. That is why I will support this legisla-tion today. I am confident and very happy to support this legislation. It does include the amendment that the sponsor of the bill just mentioned, put forth in the Ways and Means Committee, to limit tax exclusion to those Olympians mak-ing less than $1 million a year. Some of these athletes win not only medals but lucrative endorsements. Michael Phelps is worth an estimated $50 million to $60 million. NBA players like Kevin Durant make an estimated $56 million in 1 year. In fact, Forbes re-ports that the 12 members of the U.S. basketball team earned a collective $257 million in salaries and endorse-ments over the past year. God bless them. But a cash prize for winning a competition is income, and there are many professions in the United States—and I think the sponsor would agree—that are valuable that we do not exempt from income taxes: teaching children with special needs, taking care of cancer patients, or tak-ing care of our police and firefighters. My colleague, J
OHN LARSON , intro-duced an amendment to allow volun-teer firefighters to exclude from taxes nominal benefits they receive in their communities. These are ideas that merit our consideration, and there are many individuals worth honoring in our society. This legislation honors our Olympic athletes, while making sure our high-est-paid professional sports stars con-tinue to pay their fair share. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), my good friend who has also done a lot of work in preparing this legislation. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, our taxes in this country are too high and too complicated. We need a fairer, flat-ter, simpler tax system, but there is a lot of work to be done on that. I know my friend, the gentleman from Illinois in the Ways and Means Committee, and Chairman B
RADY from Texas are all working on that. But we do have a situation where many of our Olympic athletes work hard for years— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.030 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5685 September 20, 2016 
some of whom are living at or below poverty—and when they bring home the gold, silver, or bronze to our coun-try, they are tagged by the IRS with very high taxes. This bill is a small step and a small way that we can say thank you for the hard work those athletes put in to make us all proud as Americans. I do think the bill does great service to our athletes, but it should also serve as a reminder that we need to be look-ing at the bigger tax system in this country as a whole. As my colleague on the other side of the aisle said, there are a many great people doing many great things in this country who suffer a very, very high tax burden. I pledge to work with my friends and colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee toward that end, but I am happy we are making this small step forward—something I have been fight-ing for for several years. I thank the committee for their hard work on it, and I look forward to joining, hope-fully, all of my colleagues in voting ‘‘yes’’ for this. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Some people say that we don’t win anymore. I would like to remind those people that the United States won 105 total medals in Rio. Thirty-eight of them were gold. To those who say America doesn’t win anymore, we could cite many, many other examples, of course. Our Olympic athletes make us proud. New Jersey’s own Laurie Hernandez wowed us with her strength and agility in the gymnastics competition. Soccer star Carli Lloyd and rower Lauren Schmetterling made New Jersey proud, as did Hoboken-born track star Keturah Orji, not to mention a former intern from my office, Caylee Watson, who competed for the U.S. Virgin Is-lands in the backstroke swimming competition. You can’t make this stuff up. This is great. They are just a few of the in-credible athletes who inspired us this summer in Rio. We should do all what we can to honor these Olympians with our gratitude and our admiration. Again, I salute the sponsor. This bill recognizes the tremendous sacrifice of time and resources in Olympic ath-letes’ training, while also preventing another tax cut for wealthy individuals who don’t need it. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) not only for his thoughtfulness in this bill, which is a commonsense piece of legislation, but actually for his amend-ment, which I think strengthens the bill. Mr. Speaker, millions of young peo-ple around the world look at the Olym-pic games and dream of someday be-coming an athlete and representing their Nation. We are extremely proud of our Olympians and Paralympians. We want to reward them for the hard work and sacrifice they have put day in and day out. This piece of legislation, again, I think, goes one step in that di-rection. This is not a bill to reward the Kevin Durants or the Michael Phelpses of the world, but it is a bill to say thank you to our Olympians for representing our country so well. Thank you for putting in the time, the effort, and the energy to train as hard as you are to do so well on the world stage. I want to thank LINDA SA´NCHEZ and M
IKETHOMPSON who also were cospon-sors of this legislation. I sincerely hope that we can get colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5946, the ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act.’’ H.R. 5946 would amend the Internal Rev-enue Code to exclude the value of any medal or prize money that an Athlete may win com-peting in the Olympic and Paralympic games. I support this legislation because it would allow athletes to keep more of the hard earned prize money that they rightly deserve from the coveted and honorable medals won during the Olympics and Paralympics. The ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olym-pians and Paralympians Act’’ is a thoughtful and necessary bill that will assist those who represent our nation in athletic competition. I am proud of the athletes in both the Olym-pic Games and the Paralympic Games who competed in Rio de Janeiro. Houston, Texas had the great honor of sending two of our own to the Olympic Games; Simone Biles who won 4 gold medals and one bronze in the sport of Gymnastics, along with Simone Manuel who became the first African American woman to win gold in the sport of swimming. The great state of Texas also had Jimmy Feigen won the gold medal in swimming, Townley Haas, Jack Conger and Clark Smith won the gold medal in the freestyle relay, and Michelle Carter, who is also University of Texas alum, won the gold medal in women’s shot put. In the Paralympic Games Jazmin Almlie- Ryan represented her nation and the City of Houston in the sport of target shooting. H.R. 5946 embodies the spirit of bipartisan-ship that is needed in this Congress. Mr. Speaker, this is why I join with my col-leagues in working to reward our athletes who have worked so diligently and represented the very best of our ideals. I urge my colleagues in the House to sup-port H.R. 5946 ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5946, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
SUSTAINING HEALTHCARE INTEG-RITY AND FAIR TREATMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5713) to provide for the extension of certain long-term care hospital Medicare payment rules, clarify the ap-plication of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain mor-atorium-excepted long-term care hos-pitals, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5713 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—This table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—MEDICARE PART A PROVISIONS Sec. 101. Extension of certain LTCH Medi-care payment rules. Sec. 102. Application of rules on the calcula-tion of hospital length of stay to all LTCHs. Sec. 103. Change in Medicare classification for certain hospitals. Sec. 104. Temporary exception to the appli-cation of the Medicare LTCH site neutral provisions for cer-tain spinal cord specialty hos-pitals. Sec. 105. Temporary extension to the appli-cation of the Medicare LTCH site neutral provisions for cer-tain discharges with severe wounds. TITLE II—OTHER PROVISIONS Sec. 201. No payment for items and services furnished by newly enrolled providers or suppliers within a temporary moratorium area. TITLE I—MEDICARE PART A PROVISIONS 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN LTCH MEDI-CARE PAYMENT RULES. 
(a) 25–P ERCENT PATIENT THRESHOLD PAY-
MENT ADJUSTMENT .—Section 114(c)(1)(A) of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Exten-sion Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by section 4302(a) of division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (Public Law 111–5), sections 3106(a) and 10312(a) of Public Law 111–148, and section 1206(b)(1)(B) of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (division B of Public Law 113–67), is amended by striking ‘‘for a 9-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘through June 30, 2016, and for discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2016, and before July 1, 2017’’. (b) P
AYMENT FOR HOSPITALS -WITHIN -HOS-
PITALS .—Section 114(c)(2) of the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note), as amended by sec-tion 4302(a) of division B of the American Re-covery and Reinvestment Act (Public Law 111–5), sections 3106(a) and 10312(a) of Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.070 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5686 September 20, 2016 
Law 111–148, and section 1206(b)(1)(A) of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (divi-sion B of Public Law 113–67), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or any similar provision,’’ after ‘‘Regulations,’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or any simi-lar provision,’’ after ‘‘Regulations,’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, or any similar provision,’’ after ‘‘Regulations’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘for a 9-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘through June 30, 2016, and for discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2016, and before July 1, 2017’’. 
SEC. 102. APPLICATION OF RULES ON THE CAL-CULATION OF HOSPITAL LENGTH OF STAY TO ALL LTCHS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1206(a)(3) of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (divi-sion B of Public Law 113–67; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B); (2) by striking ‘‘
SITE NEUTRAL BASIS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For discharges oc-curring’’ and inserting ‘‘
SITE NEUTRAL  
BASIS .—For discharges occurring’’; (3) by striking ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B),’’; and (4) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving each of such subparagraphs (as so re-designated) 2 ems to the left. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall be effective as if included in the enactment of section 1206(a)(3) of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (division B of Public Law 113–67; 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note). 
SEC. 103. CHANGE IN MEDICARE CLASSIFICATION FOR CERTAIN HOSPITALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d)(1)(B) of section 1886 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww) is amended— (1) in clause (iv)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (II)— (i) by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and insert-ing a semicolon; and (ii) by redesignating such subclause as clause (vi) and by moving it to immediately follow clause (v); and (iii) in clause (v), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘(iv)(I) a hospital’’ and in-serting ‘‘(iv) a hospital’’. (b) C
ONFORMING PAYMENT REFERENCES .— The second sentence of subsection (d)(1)(B) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(as in effect as of such date)’’ after ‘‘clause (iv)’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of a hos-pital described in clause (iv)(II), as so in ef-fect, shall be classified under clause (vi) on and after the effective date of such clause (vi) and for cost reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2015, shall not be sub-ject to subsection (m) as of the date of such classification)’’ after ‘‘so classified’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For cost reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2015, in the case of an applicable hospital (as defined in paragraph (3)), the following shall apply: (A) Payment for inpatient operating costs shall be made on a reasonable cost basis in the manner provided in section 412.526(c)(3) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on January 1, 2015) and in any subse-quent modifications. (B) Payment for capital costs shall be made in the manner provided by section 412.526(c)(4) of title 42, Code of Federal Regu-lations (as in effect on such date). (C) Claims for payment for Medicare bene-ficiaries who are discharged on or after Jan-uary 1, 2017, shall be processed as claims which are paid on a reasonable cost basis as described in section 412.526(c) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on such date). (2) APPLICABLE HOSPITAL DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘applicable hospital’’ means a hospital that is classified under clause (iv)(II) of section 1886(d)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(1)(B)) on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and which is clas-sified under clause (vi) of such section, as re-designated and moved by subsection (a), on or after such date of enactment. (d) C
ONFORMING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1899B(a)(2)(A)(iv) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395lll(a)(2)(A)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘1886(d)(1)(B)(iv)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘1886(d)(1)(B)(vi)’’. (2) Section 1886(m)(5)(F) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(5)(F)) is amended in each of clauses (i) and (ii) by striking ‘‘(d)(1)(B)(iv)(II)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)(1)(B)(vi)’’. 
SEC. 104. TEMPORARY EXCEPTION TO THE APPLI-CATION OF THE MEDICARE LTCH SITE NEUTRAL PROVISIONS FOR CERTAIN SPINAL CORD SPECIALTY HOSPITALS. 
(a) E XCEPTION .—Section 1886(m)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘and (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (E), and (F)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) T
EMPORARY EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN  
SPINAL CORD SPECIALTY HOSPITALS .—For dis- charges in cost reporting periods beginning during fiscal years 2018 and 2019, subpara-graph (A)(i) shall not apply (and payment shall be made to a long-term care hospital without regard to this paragraph) if such dis-charge is from a long-term care hospital that meets each of the following requirements: ‘‘(i) N
OT-FOR-PROFIT .—The long-term care hospital was a not-for-profit long-term care hospital on June 1, 2014, as determined by cost report data. ‘‘(ii) P
RIMARILY PROVIDING TREATMENT FOR  
CATASTROPHIC SPINAL CORD OR ACQUIRED  
BRAIN INJURIES OR OTHER PARALYZING NEURO -
MUSCULAR CONDITIONS .—Of the discharges in calendar year 2013 from the long-term care hospital for which payment was made under this section, at least 50 percent were classi-fied under MS–LTCH–DRGs 28, 29, 52, 57, 551, 573, and 963. ‘‘(iii) S
IGNIFICANT OUT -OF-STATE ADMIS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The long-term care hos-pital discharged inpatients (including both individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, bene-fits under this title and individuals not so entitled or enrolled) during fiscal year 2014 who had been admitted from at least 20 of the 50 States, determined by the States of residency of such inpatients and based on such data submitted by the hospital to the Secretary as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(II) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may implement subclause (I) by program in-struction or otherwise. ‘‘(III) N
ON-APPLICATION OF PAPERWORK RE -
DUCTION ACT .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to data col-lected under this clause.’’. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON THE STATUS AND  V
IABILITY OF CERTAIN SPINAL CORD SPE-
CIALTY LONG-TERM CAREHOSPITALS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on long- term care hospitals described in section 1886(m)(6)(F) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a). Such report shall in-clude an analysis of the following: (A) The impact on such hospitals of the classification and facility licensure by State agencies of such hospitals. (B) The Medicare payment rates for such hospitals. (C) Data on the number and health care needs of Medicare beneficiaries who have been diagnosed with catastrophic spinal cord or acquired brain injuries or other para-lyzing neuromuscular conditions (as de-scribed within the discharge classifications specified in clause (ii) of such section) who are receiving services from such hospitals. (2) REPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommenda-tions for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General deter-mines appropriate. 
SEC. 105. TEMPORARY EXTENSION TO THE APPLI-CATION OF THE MEDICARE LTCH SITE NEUTRAL PROVISIONS FOR CERTAIN DISCHARGES WITH SE-VERE WOUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(m)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)), as amended by section 104, is further amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i) by striking ‘‘and (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘(F), and (G)’’; (2) in subparagraph (E)(i)(I)(aa), by strik-ing ‘‘the amendment made’’ and all that fol-lows before the semicolon and inserting ‘‘the last sentence of subsection (d)(1)(B)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL TEMPORARY EXCEPTION FOR  
CERTAIN SEVERE WOUND DISCHARGES FROM  
CERTAIN LONG -TERM CARE HOSPITALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For a discharge occur-ring in a cost reporting period beginning dur-ing fiscal year 2018, subparagraph (A)(i) shall not apply (and payment shall be made to a long-term care hospital without regard to this paragraph) if such discharge— ‘‘(I) is from a long-term care hospital iden-tified by the last sentence of subsection (d)(1)(B); ‘‘(II) is classified under MS–LTCH–DRG 602, 603, 539, or 540; and ‘‘(III) is with respect to an individual treated by a long-term care hospital for a se-vere wound. ‘‘(ii) S
EVERE WOUND DEFINED .—In this sub-paragraph, the term ‘severe wound’ means a wound which is a stage 3 wound, stage 4 wound, unstageable wound, non-healing sur-gical wound, or fistula as identified in the claim from the long-term care hospital. ‘‘(iii) W
OUND DEFINED .—In this subpara-graph, the term ‘wound’ means an injury in-volving division of tissue or rupture of the integument or mucous membrane with expo-sure to the external environment.’’. (c) S
TUDY AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with rel-evant stakeholders, conduct a study on the treatment needs of individuals entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled under part B of such title who require specialized wound care, and the cost, for such individuals and the Medicare program under such title, of treating severe wounds in rural and urban areas. Such study shall include an assess-ment of— (A) access of such individuals to appro-priate levels of care for such cases; (B) the potential impact that section 1886(m)(6)(A)(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)(A)(i)) will have on the access, quality, and cost of care for such individuals; and (C) how to appropriately pay for such care under the Medicare program under such title. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.032 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5687 September 20, 2016 
under paragraph (1), including recommenda-tions for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General deter-mines appropriate. TITLE II—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. NO PAYMENT FOR ITEMS AND SERVICES FURNISHED BY NEWLY ENROLLED PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS WITHIN A TEMPORARY MORATORIUM AREA. 
(a) M EDICARE .—Section 1866(j)(7) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(j)(7)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘; 
NONPAYMENT ’’ before the period; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) N
ONPAYMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No payment may be made under this title or under a program de-scribed in subparagraph (A) with respect to an item or service described in clause (ii) furnished on or after October 1, 2017. ‘‘(ii) I
TEM OR SERVICE DESCRIBED .—An item or service described in this clause is an item or service furnished— ‘‘(I) within a geographic area with respect to which a temporary moratorium imposed under subparagraph (A) is in effect; and ‘‘(II) by a provider of services or supplier that meets the requirements of clause (iii). ‘‘(iii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of clause (ii), the requirements of this clause are that a provider of services or supplier— ‘‘(I) enrolls under this title on or after the effective date of such temporary morato-rium; and ‘‘(II) is within a category of providers of services and suppliers (as described in sub-paragraph (A)) subject to such temporary moratorium. ‘‘(iv) P
ROHIBITION ON CHARGES FOR SPECI -
FIED ITEMS OR SERVICES .—In no case shall a provider of services or supplier described in clause (ii)(II) charge an individual or other person for an item or service described in clause (ii) furnished on or after October 1, 2017, to an individual entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under part B or an individual under a program specified in sub-paragraph (A).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) M
EDICAID .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1903(i)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(i)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) with respect to any amount expended for such an item or service furnished during calendar quarters beginning on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017, subject to section 1902(kk)(4)(A)(ii)(II), within a geographic area that is subject to a moratorium im-posed under section 1866(j)(7) by a provider or supplier that meets the requirements speci-fied in subparagraph (C)(iii) of such section, during the period of such moratorium; or’’. (B) E
XCEPTION WITH RESPECT TO ACCESS .— Section 1902(kk)(4)(A)(ii) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(kk)(4)(A)(ii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(I) C
OMPLIANCE WITH MORATORIUM .—A State shall not be required to comply with a temporary moratorium described in clause (i) if the State determines that the imposi-tion of such temporary moratorium would adversely impact beneficiaries’ access to medical assistance. ‘‘(II) FFP 
AVAILABLE .—Notwithstanding section 1903(i)(2)(D), payment may be made to a State under this title with respect to amounts expended for items and services de-scribed in such section if the Secretary, in consultation with the State agency admin-istering the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan), determines that denying payment to the State pursuant to such sec-tion would adversely impact beneficiaries’ access to medical assistance. ’’. (C) STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT WITH RESPECT  
TO LIMITATION ON CHARGES TO BENE -
FICIARIES .—Section 1902(kk)(4)(A) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(kk)(4)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON CHARGES TO BENE -
FICIARIES .—With respect to any amount ex-pended for items or services furnished during calendar quarters beginning on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017, the State prohibits, during the pe-riod of a temporary moratorium described in clause (i), a provider meeting the require-ments specified in subparagraph (C)(iii) of section 1866(j)(7) from charging an individual or other person eligible to receive medical assistance under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan) for an item or service described in section 1903(i)(2)(D) fur-nished to such an individual.’’. (2) C
ORRECTING AMENDMENTS TO RELATED  
PROVISIONS .— (A) S
ECTION 1866(J) .—Section 1866(j) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(j)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; (II) by striking ‘‘moratoria in accordance with paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘mora-toria in accordance with paragraph (7)’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (9)’’; and (ii) by redesignating the second paragraph (8) (added by section 1304(1) of Public Law 111–152) as paragraph (9). (B) S
ECTION 1902(KK) .—Section 1902(kk) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(kk)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 1886(j)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1866(j)(2)’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 1886(j)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1866(j)(3)’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 1886(j)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1866(j)(5)’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 1886(j)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1866(j)(7)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5713, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill provides needed regulatory relief for our hospitals, specifically long- term care hospitals. I am happy that the Ways and Means Committee has come together in a bi-partisan effort on this bill, and I want to thank my colleague and dear friend from the Garden State, B
ILLPASCRELL , for cosponsoring this bill with me today. H.R. 5713, the Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act, or the SHIFT Act, will give relief to all long-term care hospitals, or LTCHs, from the 25 percent rule before it fully goes into effect next month on October 1 of this year. This CMS rule, which has been de-layed for 10 years, allows for no more than 25 percent of patients to come from one inpatient acute care hospital in one quarter. My bill will reinstate the 50 percent threshold that was in ef-fect prior to July 1, 2016, and delay the rule for 9 months. During a time when patients and healthcare providers are facing in-creasing burdens and higher costs, I am pleased that we could come to an agreement that will help over 400 hos-pitals across America. This bill will also provide relief for four specific groups of LTCHs that treat highly unique groups of patients. I was glad to work with a number of my colleagues to incorporate their bills within this bill, including Mr. BUCHANAN ’s and Mr. P ASCRELL ’s bill, H.R. 4650; Mr. J
ASON SMITH’s bill, H.R. 5559; Mr. C
ROWLEY ’s bill, H.R. 5614; Dr. P
RICE’s and Mr. L EWIS’ bill, H.R. 5688; and finally, Mr. L
EVIN’s bill, H.R. 5723. The SHIFT Act also allows the Medi-care, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program to limit reimburse-ment for providers or suppliers who may be exploiting program integrity loopholes and engaging in waste, fraud, or abuse. This will prevent hard-earned taxpayer dollars from going to bad ac-tors. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, September 20, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I write in regard to the following bills: H.R. 5713, Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016; H.R. 5659, Expanding Seniors Receiving Di-alysis Choice Act of 2016; and, H.R. 5613, To provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016. As you know, H.R. 5716, H.R. 5659, and H.R. 5613 were each referred to both the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on each of these bills so that they may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over these bills and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as these bills or similar legislation move for-ward. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees each of these bills and requests your support when such a re-quest is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.032 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5688 September 20, 2016 
H.R. 5716, H.R. 5659, and H.R. 5613 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of these bills on the House floor. Sincerely, F
REDUPTON , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 20, 2016. Hon. F
REDUPTON , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for your letter regarding the following bills: H.R. 5713, the ‘‘Sustaining Healthcare In-tegrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016;’’ H.R. 5659, the ‘‘Expanding Seniors Receiv-ing Dialysis Choice Act of 2016;’’ and H.R. 5613, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of these meas-ures so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that al-though you waived formal consideration of these bills, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees on any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of these measures on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce H.R. 5713 with Mr. T
IBERI , Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treat-ment Act. I think this is good legisla-tion, not because my name is on it but because I thought a lot of thought came into this, and staff helped tre-mendously. This is one of the areas I have tried to concentrate on since being in Con-gress: long-term and acute care. As the cofounder and co-chair of the Congres-sional Brain Injury Task Force, I un-derstand the important role that long- term care hospitals play in the recov-ery of many individuals who suffer moderate to severe traumatic brain in-juries, or TBIs. I use this as one example, the area of TBI. If there is one thing I have learned about TBI in the 18 years I have been working on this issue, it is that recovery looks different for every-one, whether you are on the battlefield or you fall off a ladder trying to fix your roof. I understand the important role that long-term care hospitals play. I want to repeat that. That is why we must, I believe, preserve access to all post- acute care options, so that patients can receive the individualized care they need, and we don’t tell them: get out, because your time is up, in the middle of their treatment. And that is what the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ) has talked about many times. b1730 This is the right legislation, I be-lieve, for this particular problem. H.R. 5713 would provide an additional 9 months of relief from the full imple-mentation of the 25 percent rule for long-term care hospitals, which Mr. TIBERI mentioned. This bill includes technical changes for long-term hos-pitals. H.R. 5713 would, first, clarify the ap-plication of rules on the calculation of the hospital length to certain morato-rium-excepted LTCHs, the long-term care hospitals. Second, it would correct the status of Calvary Hospital in New York City that has led to secondary-payer issues, big issues. Third, it would provide a temporary exception to the application of the Medicare long-term care hospital site- neutral provisions for certain spinal cord specialty hospitals. Fourth, it would exempt four pay-ment codes for severe wounds from site-neutral payments. This is a bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. We can do this. We could do it, without exception, if you put people in the room who want to compromise, who don’t know all the answers, and I don’t. We could come to a conclusion. This bill would offset the cost of this extension by implementing an impor-tant program integrity policy that would allow the Secretary to reject Medicare claims from new Medicare suppliers and providers located just outside of the moratorium areas. While this bill is an important step forward, it is just a temporary Band- Aid on the 25 percent rule. I say to the gentleman, I don’t believe it is a per-manent solution, but I think it helps us. We need to work together to find a long-term solution to the issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill before us today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think I have any more speakers and am ready to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, long- term hospitals are an important part of our post-acute care system. This bill will help preserve access and maintain fairness for these hospitals and their patients. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5713, and it is my hope that this bill is taken up expeditiously on the other side of the building in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the Speaker for allowing me the opportunity to present this bill today, this bipartisan bill that came out of the Ways and Means Committee. I really can’t add much to what Mr. P
ASCRELL said, and I really appreciate his leadership, not only on this issue, but on the issue of traumatic brain in-jury. There has been nobody in the Congress who has talked more, spent more time in educating folks and try-ing to come up with solutions to trau-matic brain injury, and I appreciate his leadership. I thank the Speaker for allowing us to present and advance this package, this healthcare package through the process today. I ask all my colleagues to vote for it. We must help those beneficiaries that suffer from acute, long-term illness and injuries, and I believe this bill will do just that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TIBERI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5713, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PREVENT TRAFFICKING IN CULTURAL PROPERTY ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2285) to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing terrorist and criminal networks, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘cultural property’’ includes property covered under— (1) Article 1 of the Hague Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, adopted at the Hague on May 14, 1954 (Treaty 13 Doc. 106– 1(A)); or (2) Article 1 of the Convention on the Means of Prohibiting and Preventing the Il-licit Import, Export, and Transfer of Owner-ship of Cultural Property, adopted by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (‘‘UNESCO’’) on No-vember 14, 1970. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) ensure the components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security enhance and unify efforts to— (A) interdict, detain, seize, and investigate cultural property illegally imported into the United States; (B) disrupt and dismantle smuggling and trafficking networks and transnational criminal organizations engaged in, con-spiring to engage in, or facilitating illegal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.035 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5689 September 20, 2016 
trade in cultural property, including stolen antiquities used to finance terrorism; and (C) support Offices of United States Attor-neys in prosecuting persons engaged in, con-spiring to engage in, or facilitating illegal trade in cultural property; and (2) protect cultural property pursuant to its obligations under the 1954 Hague Conven-tion for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, the 1970 UNESCO Convention on the Means of Pro-hibiting and Preventing the Illicit Import, Export, and Transfer of Ownership of Cul-tural Property, and the Convention on Cul-tural Property Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 2601–2613). 
SEC. 4. ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall— (1) designate a principal coordinator within U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, to direct, manage, coordinate, and update their respective policies and pro-cedures, as well as conduct interagency com-munications, regarding illegally imported cultural property; (2) update existing directives, regulations, rules, and memoranda of understanding of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, respectively, and, if necessary, devise addi-tional directives, regulations, rules, and memoranda of understanding, relating to policies and procedures on the illegal impor-tation of cultural property in order to— (A) reflect changes in cultural property law, including changes and updates to rel-evant treaties, bilateral agreements, stat-utes, regulations, and case law that occurred subsequent to Customs Directive No. 5230– 015, ‘‘Customs Directive on Detention and Seizure of Cultural Property’’, dated April 18, 1991; (B) emphasize investigating, and providing support for investigations and prosecutions, of persons engaged in, conspiring to engage in, or facilitating the illegal importation of cultural property, including smugglers, deal-ers, buyers, money launderers, and any other appropriate parties; and (C) provide for communication and coordi-nation between relevant U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement offices, respectively, in investigating and supporting prosecutions of persons engaged in, conspiring to engage in, or facilitating the illegal importation of cultural property; and (3) ensure relevant personnel within U.S. Customs and Border Protection and U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement, respec-tively, receive sufficient training in— (A) relevant cultural property laws; (B) the identification of cultural property that is at greatest risk of looting and traf-ficking; and (C) methods of interdiction and investiga-tive techniques specifically related to illegal trade in cultural property. 
SEC. 5. ROLE OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITU-TION. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that the heads of all components of the Department of Homeland Security in-volved in cultural property protection ac-tivities are authorized to enter into agree-ments or memoranda of understanding with the Smithsonian Institution to temporarily engage personnel from the Smithsonian In-stitution for the purposes of furthering such cultural property protection activities. 
SEC. 6. REPORT. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and three years thereafter, the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and the Com-missioner of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall jointly submit to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate a report on— (1) the progress of the implementation of this Act; and (2) other actions to enhance and unify ef-forts to interdict, detain, seize, and inves-tigate cultural property illegally imported into the United States, and investigate, dis-rupt, and dismantle smuggling and traf-ficking networks engaged in, conspiring to engage in, or facilitating the illegal importa-tion of cultural property. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 2285 currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) has done good work here and we are deeply appreciative, and I think all Americans are when they learn about what is in this piece of leg-islation. It enjoys broad bipartisan sup-port, and I am here to urge its passage. Let me tell you briefly about it. The Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act is a key component in the fight against terrorism. This bill will allow us to launch a strategic blow to ISIS by cutting off one of their main fundraising sources. ISIS and their net-work loot and smuggle artifacts from world heritage sites and sell them on the black market to fund their ter-rorist activities. We can and we must put an end to this. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity is responsible for detecting and collecting stolen artifacts from the U.S., but illegal trade of valuable arti-facts continues to grow, and much more needs to be done to address this very serious problem. That is where Mr. K
EATING and this bill come into play. This bill creates a clear U.S. policy to stop and prevent the trafficking of historic artifacts by providing the U.S. Government with the tools it needs to effectively detain, seize, and inves-tigate historic objects that are ille-gally imported into the U.S. Because ISIS relies heavily on cash to carry out its terrorist activities, passing this bill is an important step in taking down a group that has caused so much harm, so much heartache, and so much anxiety to Americans, our allies, and innocent civilians around the world. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, September 14, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : I write with re-spect to H.R. 2285, the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act,’’ which was re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary among others. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions with-in H.R. 2285 that fall within the Rule X juris-diction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our committee from fur-ther consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by for-going consideration of H.R. 2285 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2285 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in your committee report and in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 2285. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, September 15, 2016. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2885, the ‘‘Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act.’’ As you noted, the Committee on the Judiciary was granted an additional referral of the bill. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 2885 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Judiciary is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2285. I would like to thank my col-league from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.034 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5690 September 20, 2016 
his strong support in trying to eradi-cate a major funding source for a ter-rorist group that is causing great de-struction all over the world now, ISIL. I rise in support of H.R. 2285. It is a bill to prevent stolen and illicit cul-tural property from financing terrorist and criminal networks, and also to im-prove enforcement and prosecution against trafficking in cultural prop-erty. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2285, the Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act, is a bipartisan bill aimed at stopping ISIL and other terrorist groups from advancing their activities through the sale of stolen antiquities and other cul-tural property. Along with oil and hos-tage-taking, this is one of the leading sources of their terrorist financing. To date, ISIL has reportedly plun-dered tens of millions of dollars from antiquities stolen in Syria alone. In just one 4-month period, at the end of 2014 and the beginning of 2015, ISIL earned more than $265,000 in what they term ‘‘taxes’’ on the sale of antiquities. I was struck by intelligence indicating that ISIL had stolen $36 million from one site alone in al-Nabuk, west of Da-mascus. As a member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, we work with Customs and Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials, and we have learned that there was a gap in enforcement of laws and regula-tions against trafficking in cultural property, and there was a real need to require greater information sharing across agencies and to better equip per-sonnel to identify stolen antiquities and trafficking networks. This bill closes this gap by expanding trainings for personnel and by enhancing coordi-nation between Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. H.R. 2285 also increases cooperation with agencies outside the Department of Homeland Security, authorizing memorandums of understanding with groups like the Smithsonian Institu-tion to promote collaboration around cultural property protection activities and training our personnel to spot these illegal acts. ISIL forces have been terrorizing communities across the Middle East, targeting ethnic and religious minori-ties with acts of enslavement and geno-cide. Their attacks have been directed not only against people, but against ancient historic sites, works of art, ob-jects, monuments, and buildings, as ISIL has worked to destroy all evi-dence of the region’s rich cultural, his-torical, and religious identity. What ISIL does not destroy, it sells to gen-erate income for their terrorist acts. This legislation would help cut off an important revenue stream for ISIL and, by working to close the illicit an-tiquities market in the United States, would ultimately reduce the incentives in Iraq and Syria to loot and steal an-tiquities in the first place. We must act to disrupt these smug-gling and trafficking networks so that ISIL may not profit from the destruc-tion of the cultural and heritage back-grounds of this region, so that the re-maining treasured cultural and his-toric sites throughout Syria and Iraq will live on. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for yielding to me. He is a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and, once again, he is doing excellent work with this bill, and Mr. R
OSKAM as well. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of this bill. I am grateful for the work that Mr. K
EATING has done to shine a light on the challenge of antiq-uities looting. We hear these stories about ISIS ter-rorists destroying heritage sites and smashing statutes, and it is heart-breaking. They are trying to wipe away history. But I have heard people say: Well, this is bad, but shouldn’t we be focused on stopping violence and kill-ing? Well, make no mistake; these prac-tices go hand in hand. It is not a mat-ter of choosing one over the other. Be-fore ISIS extremists pulverize statues and temples, they loot whatever they can carry and peddle these items on the black market. I have a bill—a law, actually—that has been passed involv-ing these antiquities in Syria. This is a funding source for their campaign of terror; so, by confronting the problem, we are working to cut off a valuable re-source for ISIS. As I mentioned, I am proud that, ear-lier this year, the President signed a law that I authored to impose new im-port restrictions on antiquities looted from Syria during the current conflict. Mr. K
EATING and Mr. R OSKAM ’s meas-ure goes a step further to help provide the training needed to enforce the pro-tections we have put in place. The new restrictions are similar to what we have imposed for Iraq a num-ber of years ago. They are designed to undermine the market for looted antiq-uities and ensure that antiquities sold by terrorist organizations don’t find their way to our shores. Before these restrictions can do their job, however, law enforcement needs tools and training to identify stolen antiquities so they don’t slip through our ports. Mr. K
EATING ’s legislation will help make sure Customs and Bor-der Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are able to intercept and investigate cultural property illegally imported into the United States. It will make it easier for them to root out the trafficking networks responsible for this traf-ficking, and it expresses support for the U.S. attorneys we depend on for prosecuting these cases. This is not a new job for these offi-cers. For years they have worked to prevent trafficking in illegal antiq-uities. But their jobs are harder than ever. This bill will get them the legal tools and training they need to get that job done. So, Mr. Speaker, we need every tool at our disposal to deny ISIS funding and resources. That is what we are doing when we focus on antiquities looting. At the same time, we are working to preserve cultural heritage that is increasingly under threat. So I thank Mr. KEATING for his lead-ership and hard work. I thank him for bringing the bill forward. I am very pleased to support it, and I urge all Members to do the same. b1745 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I just want to thank the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for his support in this. I want to thank the 19 cosponsors of this legislation, including the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) who just spoke and who is the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) who is the chair of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I think our constituents are really heartened when they see both parties coming to-gether to work on things of national importance. Without question, H.R. 2285 is in that category. It is a tool that we need to combat ISIS. I commend Mr. K
EATING , and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2285, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RESTRAINING EXCESSIVE SEIZURE OF PROPERTY THROUGH THE EXPLOITATION OF CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE TOOLS ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5523) to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out sei-zures relating to a structuring trans-action unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.077 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5691 September 20, 2016 
criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5523 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clyde-Hirsch- Sowers RESPECT Act’’ or the ‘‘Restraining Ex-cessive Seizure of Property through the Exploi-tation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any property’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE RE -
QUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) P
ROPERTY DERIVED FROM AN ILLEGAL  
SOURCE .—Property may only be seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subpara-graph (A) by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 if the property to be seized was de-rived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the vio-lation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE .—Not later than 30 days after property is seized by the Internal Revenue Serv-ice pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Internal Revenue Service shall— ‘‘(I) make a good faith effort to find all per-sons with an ownership interest in such prop-erty; and ‘‘(II) provide each such person with a notice of the person’s rights under clause (iv). ‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE UNDER CERTAIN  
CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Internal Revenue Service may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for one 30-day extension of the notice require-ment under clause (ii) if the Internal Revenue Service can establish probable cause of an immi-nent threat to national security or personal safety necessitating such extension. ‘‘(iv) P
OST-SEIZURE HEARING .—If a person with a property interest in property seized pur-suant to subparagraph (A) by the Internal Rev-enue Service requests a hearing by a court of competent jurisdiction within 30 days after the date on which notice is provided under sub-clause (ii), such property shall be returned un-less the court holds an adversarial hearing and finds within 30 days of such request (or such longer period as the court may provide, but only on request of an interested party) that there is probable cause to believe that there is a viola-tion of section 5324 involving such property and probable cause to believe that the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of con-cealing the violation of a criminal law or regu-lation other than section 5324.’’. 
SEC. 3. EXCLUSION OF INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
‘‘Gross income shall not include any interest received from the Federal Government in con-nection with an action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 of such title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Interest received in action to re-cover property seized by the Inter-nal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest received on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5523, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon, the gen-tleman from New York and I are going to tell you a fascinating story. It is a story that when we tell it to our con-stituents at home, there is such a level of concern about what they have heard has happened that it really gets their attention. The good news is that the Ways and Means Committee and others have come along and tried to come up with a remedy. So here is what has been going on: for the past 2 years, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee has been investigating how the IRS has abused its civil asset forfeiture author-ity. We heard from numerous people about how the IRS seized their life sav-ings with no notice simply because they had deposited their own money into their own bank accounts in amounts of less than $10,000. You heard that right—their own money into their own bank accounts with no underlying bad act, and the IRS came in and seized their assets with no notice. It was so outrageous and so egregious in some of these cases, Mr. Speaker, that the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service actually apologized to some of these people. Now, getting an apology out of the IRS Commissioner was like birthing a calf, but we got the apology from him, and we have been able to move forward. Subsequent to that, the Internal Rev-enue Service has changed their policy— which is okay, it is a good step—but we have to go farther and we need to change the underlying statute. Now, here is the back story: most people don’t know that the law re-quires deposits of more than $10,000 to be reported to the government. It is not a bad policy, and it is in place in case there is a human trafficking oper-ation or a mafia front group or a meth lab that is trying to get around some bank secrecy acts. Others don’t know that it is actually illegal to inten-tionally avoid that reporting require-ment. Two Maryland farming families, the Sowers and the Taylors, went through this ordeal. In their cases, bank tellers told them that it would be helpful if they could deposit all the cash they earned by selling farmers market prod-ucts in amounts less than $10,000. So, Mr. Speaker, in other words, the bank teller says: Look, it is a big has-sle when you come in here with more than $10,000. It would be much easier if you come in with less than $10,000 be-cause we, the bank, won’t have to make a report. The Sowers and the Taylors—nicest people ever—said: Sure. That is where the trouble began. As they requested, they kept their depos-its under $10,000 to help out the tellers. Likewise, the Hirsch brothers in New York, who own a convenience store dis-tributorship, do a lot of cash business; and just because they made large cash deposits at their bank, the government seized their savings of $400,000. Andrew Clyde, who owns an armory down in Athens, Georgia, has a similar story. His store’s insurance policy only covers up to $10,000 in cash losses. So he does what any commonsense, clear- thinking person would do, and that is to take less than $10,000 to the bank be-cause more than $10,000 wouldn’t be covered by his own insurance policy. Mr. Speaker, now, even after the IRS had seized these accounts and the IRS realized that there was no criminal ac-tivity attached to these funds—in other words, they realized this is not what this law is all about—the IRS kept the money, and people like the families that I just mentioned spent time and resources trying to get them back. Some of them, like Mr. Clyde and the Taylors, are still fighting today. Mr. Speaker, the entire sub-committee, both sides of the aisle, was scandalized to learn about this. It began to say, number one, how can this be? And number two, what can we do about it? Mr. C
ROWLEY , my friend from New York, and I thought it was a good step that the IRS changed their policy. But we think an even better step is to pass this underlying bill. What the bill does is it says that the IRS would only be able to seize struc-tured assets if they are used to conceal another crime or they are derived from an illegal source. It would also give procedural protections, like the right to a speedy hearing, to people from whom the IRS seizes money. Finally, if the government ultimately gives assets and interest back when challenged, our bill would exempt that interest from Federal income tax. It serves to help right the wrong, if only in a small way, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.079 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5692 September 20, 2016 
for the money being improperly taken in the first place. Unfortunately, the bill comes up too late to keep the Clydes, the Sowers, the Hirsches, and the Taylors from dealing with this problem. But they have done all Americans and this body a service by standing up and being will-ing to tell their stories so that we can respond. We cannot let the IRS abuse this discretion and abuse this power. I am pleased that the overwhelming and, in fact, the unanimous Ways and Means Committee has supported this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, September 8, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 5523, the ‘‘Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act’’. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5523 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5523 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s re-port to accompany the legislation, as well as in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 8, 2016. H
ON. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 5523, the ‘‘Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act,’’ on which the Financial Services Committee was granted an additional referral. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5523 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Financial Services Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank my good friend, my colleague from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), for his good work on this issue. Tenacity does pay off. The gentleman has really kept his nose to the grindstone on this. Now, I don’t want the gentleman to get a bad rep-utation for working with me on so many issues. I just want to point that out for the record. Today is a good day for American taxpayers as, hopefully, the House of Representatives will soon pass the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act to enact vital reforms to the Federal Gov-ernment’s civil asset forfeiture process. Civil asset forfeiture is an important tool for the IRS and for other Federal agencies. They use it to go after ill- gotten funds from drug dealers, human traffickers, terrorists, and other crimi-nals. This bill will not weaken that vital law enforcement tool one bit. But this legislation will codify into law much- needed reforms to the process to stop abusive asset forfeitures—abusive sei-zures such as the ability of the govern-ment to take a person’s bank account without ever charging them with a crime. The Oversight Subcommittee on the Ways and Means Committee, under the guidance of our chairman, Mr. R
OSKAM , undertook a painstaking 17-month in-vestigation. I think this is a good ex-ample of the committee process and how we can work functionally, unlike what we have seen in other committees here in the House. This investigation included holding a series of congressional hearings, meet-ing with officials from a number of Federal agencies, and continually keeping the pressure on the IRS to practically reach out and return any asset seized from people who were never charged with any crimes. In par-ticular, Mr. Speaker, hearing from the victims themselves was incredibly moving and touching, I think, to Mem-bers of both sides of the aisle. These actions culminated in this bi-partisan legislation that passed the Ways and Means Committee unani-mously. This bill, the Clyde-Hirsch- Sowers RESPECT Act, aims to take what we have learned and fix the sys-tem to prevent the seizure of bank ac-counts of law-abiding citizens. Specifi-cally, this legislation prohibits the IRS from taking any assets related to structuring unless the funds are from an illegal source or the funds were structured to conceal other criminal activity. Additionally, to provide due process to affected taxpayers, the bill requires the IRS to notify an account holder of a seizure within 30 days of that seizure. Once an account is seized, the bill al-lows the person whose assets were seized to seek a post-seizure hearing within 30 days. Now, even that, for some, can be onerous; but it is a start. We know that those engaged in illegal actions will usually not contest the seizure. They won’t go to the agency and contest it. But for those who com-mitted no crimes, this bill, in many re-spects, levels the playing field. But the passage of this bill isn’t the last part of this fight. I know my col-league, Mr. ROSKAM , and I will con-tinue to keep pressure on the Federal Government to quickly return the as-sets of those innocent taxpayers not charged with any crimes whose assets are still being held by the Federal Gov-ernment. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the passage of this legislation and cor-recting a wrong in the law that exists to help law-abiding citizens hold on to their hard-earned resources. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. C
ROWLEY for his work, his advocacy, and his willingness to make sugges-tions to improve this bill so we could enjoy unanimous support. We are in a very good situation on it. Let me just give you a little bit more color commentary, if I could, because I think it is important for us to recog-nize the role that we in this House play as a coequal branch of government pushing back on abuse when we see it in the executive branch, and this is part of our experience. So here is the back story: it occurred to us, Mr. Speaker, that these were cer-tain cases—and I mentioned them a minute ago; I gave the names of these individuals a minute ago—that we had come to learn about. The IRS then sub-sequently changed their policy. But then it begs the question: What happens to the people, number one, that we don’t know about who are still stuck in the system? So the IRS, in other words, said that we are not going to do this moving for-ward. What about the people that they had done this to? In other words, they had assets they had confiscated. So we ended up having another hear-ing, again, bipartisan. The result of that hearing, a result of a unanimous voice on the subcommittee itself, was that the IRS said: We are going to come up with a petition process. The IRS has written to 1,100 people involv-ing approximately 700 cases, and they have heard back from 380 people so far who have said: You have wrongly taken this money. b1800 Mr. Speaker, I just want to tell you a quick story. It was a few months ago—I don’t re-member the exact date—but it was a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.080 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5693 September 20, 2016 
few months ago when I asked for a briefing from the Department of Jus-tice and the Internal Revenue Service on these pending cases. I thought, Mr. Speaker, based on these hearings and so forth, that the meeting at my re-quest was going to take 10 minutes and that the officials were going to come in and my question was: What is hap-pening to the people who are caught in the middle of this? I thought they were going to come in and they would say, you know: Mr. R
OSKAM , here is a list or whatever. We can’t give you a list, but here is all disposed of. No, no, no, no. An hour and a half later, at the end of this discussion, I turned to the Department of Justice of-ficials, Mr. Speaker, and I said: I am more afraid of you now than when I started this meeting. Do you want to know why I am afraid of you? Because you are acting in a completely obtuse manner. When I asked what happened to these people’s money, the officials told me, Mr. Speaker, that the money had been absorbed into the Federal system. Let me repeat that. They said that the money had been absorbed into the Fed-eral system—wrongly absorbed, but ab-sorbed nevertheless. That this could come out of the mouth of someone who works for the Department of Justice I found to be completely absurd. I asked a simple question: What hap-pens if my constituents owe a tax li-ability, don’t pay the tax liability, and spend the money on something else? What do you do to them? And I an-swered the question: What you do to them is you put a lien on their house and you put them in prison, that is what you do. So don’t you see, Mr. Speaker, what we are dealing with? We have got to get to this situation, and we have got to get to making sure that power is used appropriately and it is not abused. I think this legislation that, again, is bipartisan, comes forward and it says it strikes the right balance, and if there is an underlying bad act—that is, an illegal activity—there is no one that is going to find any comfort in this bill; however, for the innocent folks who are not abusing this, they will find great comfort. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, Mr. Speaker, Congress has a chance to right a wrong in the law by passing this bill. We always say that, in the U.S., you are innocent until proven guilty, but the civil asset forfeiture policies im-posed by the Federal Government don’t always reflect that basic premise. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill. But let me be clear. While we are cor-recting an injustice in one area, this bill reminds us of the importance of a larger discussion on much-needed criminal justice reform. I hope that this larger issue can also be tackled by this year’s Congress. Just like the Clyde family and the Hirsch family and the Sowers family, whom we named this bill for, far too many American families have seen the U.S. justice system not work on behalf of them. We need to address that issue of criminal justice reform in the same bipartisan way, Mr. Speaker, that Mr. ROSKAM and the entire Ways and Means Committee dealt with civil asset forfeiture. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know how dif-ficult it is to birth a calf. I am a boy from Woodside, Queens. I used to say we had no running water growing up where I came from. Well, we had run-ning water in my home, but we didn’t have any streams; we had no ponds, no lakes. The closest I got to the water— I want the violins to come out now— the closest I got to the water was Rockaway Beach in Queens. But my wife is from Montana, and she grew up on a ranch. She may certainly have an inclination how difficult that is. But let me say, on behalf of the American people, we want to apolo-gize—though it is not necessarily our place—for the entire Federal Govern-ment. We didn’t impose this on the Clyde family or the Hirsch family or the Sowers family, but they do deserve an apology, not just from the IRS, but from the American people as well, all taxpayers. But the Clyde family, the Hirsch family, and the Sowers family, I don’t know where their families came from. I do not know their ethnicity. I do not know their political persuasion. I do not know what religion they practice, if any at all. But what I do know is they are American citizens, so they de-serve to be treated with justice under the law. In these particular cases, they sought justice and were denied it; and we are restoring that today with the passage of this bill, not only for them, but for all Americans who find themselves in this situation. For that, I am grateful for my friend from Illinois, for his te-nacity; but I am also grateful for the tenacity of these families to not sit back and allow this to happen not only to themselves, but to potentially fu-ture victims. That is what their legacy will be. I hope their families are proud of what they have accomplished. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think Mr. C
ROWLEY made a great point, and that is there is a great temptation when the Federal Govern-ment comes after you—I would imag-ine, a great temptation—to cower to the intimidation. The government has a lot of power, and the government in this case figuratively reached out and grabbed these families by the throat and choked them and used power that was not correct to use against them, and it was unjust. It would have been an easy thing for these families to just sit back and take it and so forth, but they didn’t do that. I think the fact that they didn’t do that, Mr. Speaker, and they are willing to stand up and fight is a good fore-shadowing of things to come. In other words, they told their story; Members of Congress heard their story, and we have been able to move and seek jus-tice, not only changing underlying policies within the executive branch, but also changing an underlying stat-ute. The other body has introduced this, and I am hopeful that it will be consid-ered in an expeditious manner. I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for his sup-port and advocacy. I urge passage of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OS-
KAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5523, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1832 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 670, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5785, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 5690, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
SPECIAL NEEDS TRUST FAIRNESS AND MEDICAID IMPROVEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.082 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5694 September 20, 2016 
bill (H.R. 670) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the Med-icaid rules regarding supplemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 383, nays 22, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 521] YEAS—383 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—22 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Davidson DesJarlais Fleming Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Huelskamp Jordan Labrador Lummis McClintock Palmer Perry Ratcliffe Salmon Sanford Wittman Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Bonamici Boustany Carney Duckworth Emmer (MN) Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Long Meeks Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Stutzman Wagner Wasserman Schultz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1853 Messrs. DAVIDSON, GOSAR, FLEM-ING, SALMON, D
ESJARLAIS, PERRY, WITTMAN, Mrs. LUMMIS, and Mr. ZINKE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. YOHO and SCALISE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
PROVIDING AN ANNUITY SUPPLE-MENT FOR CERTAIN AIR TRAF-FIC CONTROLLERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5785) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic con-trollers, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 399, nays 4, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 522] YEAS—399 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.084 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5695 September 20, 2016 
Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—4 
Amash Brooks (AL) McClintock Mulvaney 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bonamici Boustany Carney Duckworth Emmer (MN) Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Long Meeks Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Poliquin Reichert Rooney (FL) Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Stutzman Wagner Wasserman Schultz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1859 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 522, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ f 
GAO ACCESS AND OVERSIGHT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5690) to ensure the Govern-ment Accountability Office has ade-quate access to information, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 404, nays 0, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 523] YEAS—404 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—27 
Bonamici Boustany Carney Clark (MA) Duckworth Emmer (MN) Fincher Forbes Gutie´rrez Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Long Meeks Miller (MI) Poe (TX) Rooney (FL) Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Stutzman Wagner Wasserman Schultz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.040 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5696 September 20, 2016 
b1911 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3438, REQUIRE EVALUATION BEFORE IMPLEMENTING EXECU-TIVE WISHLISTS ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5719, EMPOWERING EM-PLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWN-ERSHIP ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–777) on the resolution (H. Res. 875) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3438) to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the ef-fective date of high-impact rules pend-ing judicial review; providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5461, IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–778) on the resolution (H. Res. 876) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total as-sets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on additional motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record votes on postponed ques-tions will be taken later. 
f 
AMENDING TITLE 49 TO INCLUDE CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN IM-PACTS ON COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVI-TIES Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6007) to amend title 49, United States Code, to include con-sideration of certain impacts on com-mercial space launch and reentry ac-tivities in a navigable airspace anal-ysis, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6007 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NAVIGABLE AIRSPACE ANALYSIS FOR COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH SITE RUNWAYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44718(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘air navigation facilities and equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘air or space navigation facilities and equipment’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) the impact on launch and reentry for launch and reentry vehicles arriving or de-parting from a launch site or reentry site li-censed by the Secretary.’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall initiate a rulemaking to implement the amendments made by sub-section (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6007. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6007. The bill will improve avia-tion safety by requiring the Federal Aviation Administration to take com-mercial space transportation activity into consideration when conducting aeronautical studies at spaceports li-censed by the FAA. This is an impor-tant safety issue that has to be ad-dressed as commercial space transpor-tation is integrated into the National Airspace System. The Aviation Subcommittee recently held a hearing on the FAA’s oversight of the commercial space transportation industry. The hearing examined impor-tant issues facing the industry, includ-ing the development of commercial spaceports that have yet to be fully ad-dressed by Congress. b1915 The committee looks forward to working with all individuals, obvi-ously, on this. I know that the major-ity leader, Mr. MCCARTHY —and I do want to thank him for his strong lead-ership on this issue—worked very hard on it, and we are also going to be look-ing forward to working with him on this. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6007. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 6007. This legislation, Mr. Speaker, provides the FAA with authority to review whether or not a proposed structure will present a hazard to commercial space vehicle launches and reentries. The FAA is entrusted, Mr. Speaker, with providing for the safety of people and property in the air and on the ground, so it is very critical that the agency has the tools it needs to ac-count for the rapidly-changing uses of the skies. The FAA already has authority to evaluate whether proposed new struc-tures will interfere with the safe oper-ation of aircraft or air traffic control. However, this statutory authority does not explicitly direct the FAA, Mr. Speaker, to consider whether a new structure might interfere with the safe launch and reentry of commercial space vehicles. H.R. 6007 provides the FAA with the authority it needs to maintain the highest levels of safety while allowing this dynamic industry to continue to grow. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ). Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the majority lead-er for introducing this bill H.R. 6007, and for his efforts on behalf of the en-tire commercial space industry. Due to his efforts, we got a great bill in the Commercial Space Launch Competi-tiveness Act last year. Nine months into the bill, it has had a great impact on this industry. Space represents what is exceptional about the United States of America. We are characterized by a spirit of ad-venture, risk taking, entrepreneurialism, and a spirit that has revolutionized access and oper-ations in space, to the point where our very way of life now depends on space. We have transformed how we commu-nicate, how we navigate, how we produce food and energy, how we con-duct banking, predict weather, perform disaster relief, provide security, and so much more. But to be able to access space, we need robust infrastructure. Space-ports—and I would mention that we have a licensed spaceport in the great State of Oklahoma—are a key cog in that infrastructure, facilitating launches and reentries, not only by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.090 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5697 September 20, 2016 
government agencies but also now by private companies. In order to ensure these entities can operate efficiently and facilitate space launch and reentry, government policy needs to treat them as it treats other key pieces of transportation infrastruc-ture. This legislation, which I am proud to cosponsor, simply gives the FAA the ability to analyze the navigable air-space around spaceports, an authority it currently lacks. This will help the FAA and spaceports understand how structures and other features around spaceports will affect the operation of space vehicles. As a pilot myself, I can tell you, I have used approach plates, and I have used departures. And what we need now is an ability for the future infrastruc-ture to incorporate space vehicles into these approach plates so that we can integrate commercial air traffic with space traffic. This is an important tool, and I urge passage of this bill. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I will conclude by saying that I urge all Members to support H.R. 6007. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6007. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO PROVIDE CONGRESS ADVANCE NOTICE OF CERTAIN ANNOUNCEMENTS Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5977) to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Con-gress advance notice of certain an-nouncements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5977 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b) or as expressly provided in an-other provision of law, the Secretary of Transportation shall provide to the appro-priate committees of Congress notice of an announcement concerning a covered project at least 3 full business days before the an-nouncement is made by the Department of Transportation. (b) EMERGENCY PROGRAM .—With respect to an allocation of funds under section 125 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate no-tice of the allocation— (1) at least 3 full business days before the issuance of the allocation; or (2) concurrently with the issuance of the allocation, if the allocation is made using the quick release process of the Department (or any successor process). 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and (B) the Committee on Environment and Public Works, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate. (2) C
OVERED PROJECT .—The term ‘‘covered project’’ means a project competitively se-lected by the Department of Transportation to receive a discretionary grant award, letter of intent, loan commitment, loan guarantee commitment, or line of credit commitment in an amount equal to or greater than $750,000. (3) D
EPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION .—The term ‘‘Department of Transportation’’ in-cludes the modal administrations of the De-partment of Transportation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 5977. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Congress authorizes funding for the Federal transportation programs, which, in turn, obviously provide the funding and credit assist-ance for transportation projects across the country. However, the authorizing committees don’t consistently get ad-vance notice from the Department of Transportation prior to its announce-ment of grant awards and credit assist-ance for projects. What this bill does is real simple. It requires the Department to give the authorizing committees at least 3 days advanced notice prior to announcing grant awards and credit assistance for projects. It is going to improve trans-parency and enhance oversight of the Department by ensuring that Congress is properly notified of these announce-ments. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5977. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5977. This bill ensures that the members of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and certain Senate commit-tees, will receive at least 3 days ad-vanced notice of discretionary grants and loans made by the Department of Transportation. When Congress enacted the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21), we included a Congres-sional notification requirement for sur-face transportation grants. Language to require notification was omitted in-advertently when Congress enacted the most recent surface transportation au-thorization act, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act. The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has not consistently received notice from DOT prior to the announcement of grant awards and credit assistance for transportation projects since the passage of the FAST Act. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the author of the FAST Act, the chairman of the Transportation Committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) for his help in developing H.R. 5977 and for his hard work on devel-oping and passing the FAST Act, the Fixing America’s Surface Transpor-tation Act, which provides 5 years of funding for Federal transportation pro-grams. These programs enable us to make much-needed investment in our transportation system. H.R. 5977 will help ensure that Fed-eral transportation funding is spent wisely, through proper and consistent notification from the Department of Transportation to Congress. I thank my colleagues for their help in developing this important legisla-tion, and I urge the support of H.R. 5977. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I urge all my colleagues to help me and support this legislation. It is a very important piece of legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5977. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.093 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5698 September 20, 2016 
AMENDING TITLE 49 WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN GRANT AS-SURANCES Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5944) to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5944 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GRANT ASSURANCES. 
Section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) R
ENEWAL OF CERTAIN LEASES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a)(13), an airport owner or operator who renews a covered lease shall not be treated as violating a written assurance re-quirement under this section as a result of such renewal. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED LEASE DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘covered lease’ means a lease— ‘‘(A) originally entered into before the date of enactment of this subsection; ‘‘(B) under which a nominal lease rate is provided; ‘‘(C) under which the lessee is a Federal or State government entity; and ‘‘(D) that supports the operation of mili-tary aircraft by the Air Force or Air Na-tional Guard— ‘‘(i) at the airport; or ‘‘(ii) remotely from the airport.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5944. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5944. This bill will ensure regu-latory consistency and stability for airports that are co-located with Air National Guard or Air Force bases. In recent years, several Air National Guard units have had their manned air-craft mission replaced with an un-manned aircraft mission. For some of these units, the unmanned aircraft are remotely operated from the Guard fa-cilities but not located at the airport. Since, in some instances, the un-manned aircraft do not land at the air-port from where they are being oper-ated, there is concern that the nominal leases these units have long enjoyed may no longer be permitted by the Federal Aviation Administration. This bill ensures that an airport’s simple renewal of a nominal rate lease with an Air National Guard unit that operates aircraft, remotely or other-wise, does not result in the airport los-ing its Federal grant funding. The bill in no way prohibits airports from negotiating new lease terms with Air National Guard units, but it en-sures that should an airport and an Air National Guard unit agree to renew a nominal rate lease they may do so. Mr. Speaker, in this time of transi-tion for military aviation, this bill al-lows airports and the Department of Defense sufficient flexibility to rebal-ance and adjust the missions of Air Na-tional Guard units without jeopard-izing the airports’ FAA grants. This bill provides that flexibility while preserving the right of airports to renew leases that it believes are in the best interest of the airport and sur-rounding community. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5944. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill as well, which will allow our Nation’s military to continue leasing space at airports at nominal rates. Current law requires that airports agree to certain conditions to receive Federal airport grants. One of these re-quirements is for an airport to gen-erate revenue that sustains most, if not all, of the airport’s operations. If airports continue to renew leases under which tenants of airport property pay discounted rates, they could violate their grant assurances and put their Federal airport funding in jeopardy. This bill allows airports to continue offering below-market rates to mili-tary tenants. I have no objection to this bill. However, I would like to note that our Nation’s airport infrastruc-ture needs far exceed the Federal fund-ing available. I regret that we are not here discussing some accompanying language that would increase airports’ ability to generate revenue, such as through the passenger facility charge or an increase in funding for the Air-port Improvement Program. I am very pleased this bill is nar-rowly tailored to accommodate the im-portant missions of the National Guard and the U.S. Air Force, as well as to protect the needs of airports. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from New York and Indi-ana and the other colleagues sup-porting this legislation. They have de-scribed it beautifully. I would just simply state that what this really does is it brings FAA policy up to the contemporary standards of modern-day missions by our Air Force and Air National Guard. Many flying missions have made the transition or are making the transition from manned aircraft to remotely pi-loted aircraft, just like the Happy Hoo-ligans in my home State of North Da-kota, and I think this policy recognizes that reality. I am just going to wrap up by simply stating, Mr. Speaker, that there are many benefits to this bill in addition to the ones that have been stated. First of all, it is taxpayer friendly, and it is mission appropriate. It does nothing to diminish but rather enhances the in-tegrity of the Air Force’s mission, and it is good for taxpayers. It supports air-port authorities and their flexibility, as well as military and defense oper-ations. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, it strength-ens the defense of our country, which is our highest priority, by keeping mili-tary installations at local airports. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 5944. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. b1930 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 5944. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the House for their swift consideration of H.R. 5944. This important, bipartisan piece of legislation helps our National Guard and Air Force continue to evolve into the 21st Century as Remote Pi-loted Aircraft—or RPA’s—become a modern tool in our efforts to defend our nation. RPA’s provide key intelligence, reconnais-sance, close air combat support, and have be-come one of the most reliable tools in our tool-box as we fight terrorism abroad. Years ago, we could not have envisioned the advances in technology that now allow our soldiers and pi-lots to fly missions from a control center thou-sands of miles from the battlefield. Yet our laws are unfortunately woefully outdated when it comes to the infrastructure that supports RPA’s. Now is the time to update those laws and now is the time to update this critical in-frastructure. This bill allows our National Guard and Air Force stations on civilian airfields that operate and participate in RPA missions to remain eli-gible for nominal leases. Doing so will save our military millions of dollars that can be spent elsewhere—on soldiers and equipment. Without this fix to federal law, estimates show that the National Guard would be forced to spend over $155 million each year just to keep their leases for bases they are on now. That would be an additional $155 million on top of the current costs. If faced with this enor-mous cost, bases would be forced to shutter their operations permanently and missions would be eliminated entirely. This legislation not only saves dollars, it saves our current defense structure that helps protect our country, which in turn saves lives. Nothing in this legislation creates a mandate for our airports or the military, rather it allows leases and current agreements to be renewed. Future agreements can be fairly negotiated without the risk of airfields losing FAA grant eligibility or the Guard losing their entire budg-et to lease payments. I have many constituents that work at the Battle Creek Air National Guard Based in Michigan, which is just one of the many dual- use airfields that will immediately benefit from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.096 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5699 September 20, 2016 
our legislation. Those servicemen and women support missions from cyberspace, on the ground, and in the air with our MQ–9 RPA mission that contribute to combat terror efforts overseas as we speak. We cannot risk disturbing these critical mis-sions by moving or eliminating the capability the Guard and Air Force provide simply be-cause of outdated laws that could not have foreseen the technology we would be using to effectively carry out missions. Every Guard and Air Force base on a civilian airfield will have the certainty to continue their operations without the fear of losing the lease structure currently in operation. With our bill, airfields will have the certainty knowing they are still el-igible for FAA grants and together, the Guard and the FAA can develop better agreements for the future of airfields across the nation. H.R. 5944 prevents a disruption of our mis-sions, saves taxpayer dollars, and allows our Guard to modernize for the 2lst century and beyond. I would like to sincerely thank the House Transportation and Infrastructure, Chairman S
HUSTER and Subcommittee Chairman L OBI-
ONDO , both majority and minority staff, Nick Bush on my staff, as well as the Federal Avia-tion Administration for working together on this bipartisan solution for our airfields across the country. Providing for the national defense and sup-porting our troops around the country is one of Congress’ foremost priorities and H.R. 5944 ensures that our military will continue to be the greatest in the world. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5944. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRA-TION VETERAN TRANSITION IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5957) to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5957 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INCLUSION OF DISABLED VETERAN LEAVE IN FEDERAL AVIATION AD-MINISTRATION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40122(g)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (I)(iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) subject to paragraph (4) of this sub-section, section 6329, relating to disabled vet-eran leave.’’. (b) CERTIFICATION OF LEAVE .—Section 40122(g) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
ERTIFICATION OF DISABLED VETERAN  
LEAVE .—In order to verify that leave cred-ited to an employee pursuant to paragraph (2)(J) is used for treating a service-connected disability, that employee shall, notwith-standing section 6329(c) of title 5, submit to the Assistant Administrator for Human Re-source Management of the Federal Aviation Administration certification, in such form and manner as the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration may prescribe, that the employee used that leave for pur-poses of being furnished treatment for that disability by a health care provider.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any employee of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration hired on or after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall prescribe poli-cies and procedures to carry out the amend-ments made by this section that are com-parable, to the maximum extent practicable, to the regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management under section 6329 of title 5, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5957. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5957. When Congress passed the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act last year, it inadvertently excluded new FAA em-ployees from coverage under a new sick leave system. This bill corrects that omission. Mr. Speaker, one-third of veterans who served after September 11 report having a service-connected disability, with more than two-thirds of those dis-abilities rating 30 percent or higher. There are more than 35,000 veterans in my district alone, many of whom have the skill sets and background in aviation necessary to succeed in highly technical FAA positions. This bill will help ensure that a veteran’s service to our Nation does not become a barrier to future employment. I want to thank Aviation Sub-committee Chairman L
OBIONDO and Subcommittee Ranking Member L
AR-SENfor their leadership and bipartisan partnership on this simple, yet impor-tant fix to remove an unnecessary bar-rier to employment for our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5957. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5957, the Federal Aviation Administra-tion Veteran Transition Improvement Act of 2016. This bill, introduced by my colleague and Aviation Subcommittee Ranking Member R
ICKLARSEN , a distinguished Member, will provide newly hired dis-abled veterans at the FAA with the same entitlement to leave that dis-abled veterans receive at other Federal agencies. I am also proud to be a spon-sor of this bill. H.R. 5957 will close an important loophole and it will create parity be-tween FAA-employed veterans with certain service-connected disabilities and veterans at other Federal agencies. This bill is fair, it is necessary, and it is the right thing to do for servicemen and -women who have bravely served this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the very distinguished gentleman from Washington State (Mr. L
ARSEN ). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5957, the FAA Veteran Transition Im-provement Act of 2016. Last November, after passing the House and the Senate by unanimous consent, the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act was signed into law. That legislation recognizes that no one who has sustained an injury due to military service should have to choose between earning a paycheck or receiving health care. Specifically, that act provides up to 104 hours of upfront, disabled veteran leave during an employee’s first 12 months on the job. The Wounded War-riors Federal Leave Act will apply to anyone hired on or after November 5 of this year. However, that legislation only ap-plies to Federal civilian personnel cov-ered under title 5 leave provisions. Con-sequently, those not covered under title 5—including employees of the FAA—are not able to use these leave benefits. Now, in my own State of Washington, there are more than 650 veterans who work at the FAA; and across the coun-try, more than 15,000 veterans work for the FAA. From 2012 to 2016, the FAA hired between 150 to 350 veterans each year—men and women who have served our country but may be unable to get the health care that they need. So in an effort to expand these benefits to disabled veterans hired by the FAA, Representative L
OBIONDO joined me in introducing this bipartisan bill earlier this month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.046 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5700 September 20, 2016 
H.R. 5957 will ensure that newly hired disabled veteran FAA employees re-ceive the same upfront disabled leave that personnel at other government agencies will receive. This legislation will help ensure that no newly hired disabled veteran FAA employee is faced with the choice between earning a paycheck or receiving health care, and finishes the laudable work that was started by the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. I want to thank all the advocacy or-ganizations who support this legisla-tion, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, The American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, American Fed-eration of Government Employees, the Federal Managers Association, the FAA Managers Association, Profes-sional Aviation Safety Specialists, General Aviation Manufacturers Asso-ciation, and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association. I also want to be sure to thank Rep-resentative L
OBIONDO for working with me on this important legislation. Last-ly, I want to thank and recognize Sen-ator H
IRONO , who has introduced com-panion legislation in the Senate, and I look forward to continue working to move this important bill past the fin-ish line. Last week, this bipartisan bill was unanimously reported out of the com-mittee, and today I ask for this Cham-ber’s support as well. Let’s not keep these veterans waiting. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 5957. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5957. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DIRECTING THE FEDERAL AVIA-TION ADMINISTRATION TO ALLOW CERTAIN CONSTRUCTION OR ALTERATION OF STRUC-TURES BY STATE DEPARTMENTS OF TRANSPORTATION Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6014) to direct the Federal Avia-tion Administration to allow certain construction or alteration of struc-tures by State departments of trans-portation without requiring an aero-nautical study, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6014 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. REIMBURSABLE AGREEMENTS FOR CERTAIN AIRPORT PROJECTS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may enter into a reimburs-able agreement with a State or local govern-ment agency to carry out a project at an air-port as to which notice is required under sec-tion 77.9 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, if the agreement— (1) includes measures for cost-effective completion of such project; and (2) would not negatively affect the safety or efficiency of the national airspace system. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 6014. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6014. This bill clarifies that the Federal Aviation Administration may enter into an agreement with a State or local government agency to carry out a project at an airport in exchange for reimbursement by that State or local government agency. The agreement to provide these serv-ices would have to include measures for cost-effective completion of the project and not negatively affect the safety or efficiency of the National Airspace System. The text before us includes a minor technical change to clarify that the legislation applies only to projects located at airports. This bill does not create any new au-thority; rather, it clarifies the applica-tion of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration’s existing authority to provide in-kind services to State and local gov-ernment agencies in exchange for pay-ment. I appreciate Mr. N
OLAN ’s commit-ment to this issue and his willingness to work with the committee on a bipar-tisan basis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6014. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this commonsense, bipartisan measure. I would be remiss if I didn’t thank Chair-man S
HUSTER and Subcommittee Chairman L
OBIONDO , Ranking Members L
ARSEN and D EFAZIO and members of the committee for supporting this leg-islation. What it does is it authorizes and clarifies that the FAA has the author-ity to enter into reimbursable con-tracts with the State and all of the States in this country. The reason and the rationale for it is that it dramati-cally reduces Federal bureaucracy. It saves the taxpayers a ton of money as well as investors and encourages pri-vate investments in our airport infra-structure, creating jobs and laying the foundation for a good economic devel-opment in the future. I would like to give one real quick il-lustration. These are two towers that are used for navigation at a regional airport in north central Minnesota, the town of Brainerd, Minnesota. They are about 25 feet high. A group of investors agreed to put $1 million into a new hangar to accommodate corporate jets in this community—a very fast-grow-ing economic community. The FAA said: Well, we are going to have to do a feasibility study, and that will cost several $100,000. And, oh, by the way, the airport and the investors will have to pay for that. Then they said: Oh, by the way, we will select the contractor under the current rules, and that will cost an-other 4 or $500,000. And, by the way, you will have to pay for that. So, right away, there was resistance at the airport and in the business com-munity because everybody in town knew at least two guys with a pickup truck and a backhoe that could have moved the two towers on a Saturday morning somewhere. So I called the State Department of Aviation and said: Have you ever done anything like this before? They said: Yeah, yeah. They said that they had done it. I said: Have you done it in compli-ance with FAA standards for safety and navigation? They said: Yes. I said: Will you go up and take a look to see this particular project and give me an estimate on what you could do that for? They did. They came back. And in-stead of three-quarters of a million dol-lars, they said: We can do it for about $17,000. So that is what we are talking about. We are talking about enormous savings for taxpayers, for investors, and stimu-lating investment. It is a good bill. I am grateful for the bipartisan support that it has received throughout the community and from the FAA, quite frankly. So I strongly urge its adoption and thank the leadership for bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 6014. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z ELDIN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6014, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.100 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5701 September 20, 2016 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BATHROOMS ACCESSIBLE IN EVERY SITUATION ACT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5147) to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5147 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bathrooms Ac-cessible in Every Situation Act’’ or ‘‘BABIES Act’’. 
SEC. 2. BABY CHANGING FACILITIES IN REST-ROOMS IN PUBLIC BUILDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 3314, 3315, and 3316 as sections 3315, 3316, and 3317, respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after section 3313 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 3314. Baby changing facilities in restrooms ‘‘(a) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR THE CON-
STRUCTION , ALTERATION , AND ACQUISITION OF  P
UBLIC BUILDINGS .—Except as provided in sub-section (b) and subject to any reasonable accom-modations that may be made for individuals in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) restrooms in a pub-lic building shall be equipped with baby chang-ing facilities that the Administrator determines are physically safe, sanitary, and appropriate. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The requirement under subsection (a) shall not apply— ‘‘(1) to a restroom in a public building that is not available or accessible for public use; ‘‘(2) to a restroom in a public building that contains clear and conspicuous signage indi-cating where a restroom with a baby changing table is located on the same floor of such public building; ‘‘(3) if new construction would be required to install a baby changing facility in the public building and the cost of such construction is unfeasible; or ‘‘(4) to a building not subject to an alteration as set forth in section 3307. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
ABY CHANGING FACILITY .—The term ‘baby changing facility’ means a table or other device suitable for changing the diaper of a child age 3 or under. ‘‘(2) P
UBIC BUILDING .—The term ‘public build-ing’ means a public building as defined in sec-tion 3301 and controlled by the Public Building Service of the General Services Administra-tion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for such chapter is amended by striking the items relating to sections 3314, 3315, and 3316 and in-serting the following: ‘‘3314. Baby changing facilities in restrooms. ‘‘3315. Delegation. ‘‘3316. Report to Congress. ‘‘3317. Certain authority not affected.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement under section 3314(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall apply in the case of a public building con-structed, altered, or acquired by the Adminis-trator of General Services on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, beginning on that date. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5147, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5147, as amended, the Bathrooms Accessible in Every Sit-uation Act, or BABIES Act, would re-quire restrooms in certain public build-ings be equipped with baby changing stations that are safe and sanitary. Millions of American families visit Federal facilities every day. While the cost of changing stations is small, some Federal buildings open to the public do not have them. b1945 This bill would cover those buildings controlled by the General Services Ad-ministration that are open for public use. This requirement would not apply to restrooms not publicly accessible, if there are other restrooms nearby with changing stations, or if it would re-quire costly construction or alter-nations. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ARLETTA . I also support this bill, as amended, which directs the GSA to install baby changing stations in restrooms in pub-lic buildings across the Nation. I would like to commend my col-league, the gentleman from Rhode Is-land (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), for his leadership on this issue, and for his willingness to work with us to bring this bill to the floor today. I am pleased that our com-mittee worked closely with Represent-ative C
ICILLINE to achieve the original purpose of the bill and to keep costs down to change public policy. The amended bill directs GSA to in-clude at least one baby changing sta-tion in the men’s and the women’s rest-room on each floor of a public building. The requirements of this bill do not apply to any restrooms in Federal buildings which are not available to the public. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Rhode Is-land (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to begin by thanking Chair-man S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their support on this legis-lation. I would also particularly like to thank Congressman C
ARSON for his strong support in getting this bill to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and thank Chairman B
ARLETTA for his support as well. H.R. 5147, the Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation Act, or the BABIES Act, would require that both male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities that are physically safe, sanitary, and appropriate. Federal public buildings belong to the people of this country, and they should be welcoming and appropriately accommodating. This legislation will ensure that there are appropriate and sanitary facilities in publicly acces-sible Federal buildings for parents and caretakers to change the infants and toddlers that are with them. For example, in the office building where my office is located, Rayburn, there are no baby changing tables at all. That means that Rhode Islanders who come to visit my office have to try to find a changing station in another public building, or they will have to de-cide to change their baby on a bath-room floor, which is a terrible option, unsanitary for both the parents and the children. This same problem exists in Federal buildings all across this coun-try. Access to baby changing stations in restrooms in Federal buildings will help in protecting the health and safe-ty of children and will encourage a family-friendly environment. Various cities and counties in the United States have passed similar laws requir-ing changing tables in men’s and wom-en’s bathrooms for all of the same rea-sons. Current GSA policy requires that the planning of new construction mod-ernization alteration projects include family restrooms equipped with baby changing stations, but current policy does not apply to existing buildings. This legislation would impose the re-quirement for publicly accessible Fed-eral buildings and facilities. The cost will be modest to install a baby chang-ing station. This will go a very long way to ensuring the safety and comfort of families visiting Federal buildings all across this country. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support, and I urge my colleagues to support it as well. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5147, the ‘‘Bathrooms Acces-sible In Every Situation (BABIES) Act of 2016.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.103 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5702 September 20, 2016 
This is an important measure that would provide diaper changing facilities in male and female restrooms in public buildings. This piece of legislation simply seeks to pro-vide equal rights to both men and women caregivers. According to a report released by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, fathers today are more involved with their chil-dren. Fathers also need access to childcare facili-ties. H.R. 5147 would apply to: any public building constructed, altered, or acquired by the General Services Administra-tion a year after the enactment of this meas-ure; and any other public building, not de-scribed above, beginning two years after the enactment of this measure. H.R. 5147 would not apply to: public buildings where the restrooms are not for public use; and restrooms in a public building with clear and conspicuous signage indicating where another restroom, male or female, is located within the same sector or corridor of said building. In California, two similar state bills were struck down that would have provided equal access to changing tables for both men and women. Positive reforms are, however, taking place around the country. For example, Miami Dade County, Florida, requires that new and remodeled businesses have baby changing stations that are acces-sible by both men and women. In San Francisco, California, planning codes require that new or renovated public buildings must install baby changing stations that are accessible to women and men. Yet, there is no federal law or legislation to regulate the equal access of stations tor men and women. H.R. 5147 supplies that standard. This legislation is long overdue. We must support equal access to basic needs and bathroom changing stations for all men and women caregivers For these reasons, I support H.R. 5147 the ‘‘Bathroom Accessible in Every Situation (BA-BIES) Act of 2016.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5147, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
JUDGE RANDY D. DOUB UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3937) to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Green-ville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Court-house’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3937 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION. 
The building utilized as a United States court-house located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Court-house’’ during the period in which the building is utilized as a United States courthouse. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
With respect to the period in which the build-ing referred to in section 1 is utilized as a United States courthouse, any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to that building shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3937, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3937, as amended, would des-ignate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse. I would like to thank the gentlemen from North Carolina, Mr. J
ONES and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , for their leadership on this legislation. Judge Randy D. Doub was in the pri-vate practice of law for 26 years in Greenville, North Carolina. From 1985 until 1990, he served on the North Caro-lina Board of Transportation. In 2006, he was appointed by the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals as a United States bankruptcy judge and served as chief judge from 2007 to 2014. Sadly, last year, Judge Doub passed away suddenly. He was a well respected bankruptcy attorney and jurist, which is exemplified by the fact that this bill was sponsored by the entire North Carolina delegation. I think it is fitting to recognize his service to the law and the community by naming this courthouse after him. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I also support H.R. 3937, as amended, which designates a U.S. courthouse lo-cated in Greenville, North Carolina, as the Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse. I want to thank my good friend and colleague, G.K. BUTTERFIELD , for his work on this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ). Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, in January 2015, one of my dearest friends sud-denly passed away at the age of 59. Judge Randy Doub had been a friend of mine for years. He was a strong man who lived his faith. He loved his coun-try, and he loved, very dearly, his wife, Toni, and sons, Alexander and Jame-son. Randy was also very active in his church and passionate in his career. As a Federal bankruptcy judge, he was respected by the lawyers who came before him, by the families whom he helped through financial difficulties, and by the dedicated and most loyal staff that he worked so closely with. Psalm 106:3 says: 
Blessed are they who observe justice, who do righteousness at all times. 
Randy truly was a fair and caring judge who understood that the oppor-tunity to serve in this capacity was a gift from God. Mr. Speaker, while he achieved much in his career, one of Randy’s prouder accomplishments was his work with the GAO on the Greenville Courthouse. He helped to design, create, and over-see a high-quality facility to better serve the residents of eastern North Carolina, all while keeping the project under budget. He took great pride in this building. Mr. Speaker, for all of the reasons I have mentioned and more, it is right and justified to name this courthouse after Judge Randy Davis Doub. I want to thank my dear friend, Mr. G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , who knew Randy Doub as well as I did. Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , as you know, is a former judge in State courts and is also an attorney. He and I worked side by side to get this legis-lation to the floor of the House. I want to thank the committee of ju-risdiction and I want to thank the sub-committees who are on the floor today for giving us this chance to remember a man who loved his country, who loved the Constitution, and who loved his family. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ). Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, let me begin this evening by thanking Mr. C
ARSON for yielding time, and thanking him for his extraordinary leadership not only on his committee, but for the great work that he does here in Con-gress. He is a leader of leaders, and I thank him so very much. I also thank Mr. B
ARLETTA for his work. I feel a sense of bipartisanship on this com-mittee, and I want to congratulate both of them for their fine work. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3937, which seeks to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.050 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5703 September 20, 2016 
honor a great American jurist, a great public servant, and a great American, Judge Randy D. Doub of Greenville, North Carolina. Randy was an outstanding jurist and a lifelong North Carolinian who is fondly remembered by many who ap-peared before his court, and by those in the Pitt County, North Carolina, com-munity he loved so much. Last November, I introduced this leg-islation, a bill that seeks to name the U.S. courthouse at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse. My good friend and colleague of many, many years, Congressman W
AL-
TERJONES , as he mentioned just a mo-ment ago, has joined me in spear-heading this effort. We have worked on it for a long time. I thank W
ALTER for his tireless work on this bill. We were joined by the entire North Carolina delegation, who signed on as original cosponsors. I want to express my sincere appre-ciation to my colleagues—all of them, Democrat and Republican—from North Carolina for the strong bipartisan sup-port for this bill. I would also like to thank the major-ity leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , for working with me to put this bill on the floor. I asked Leader M
CCARTHY if he would put it on the floor this week and he agreed. Mr. Speaker, Randy Doub was born in Forsyth County, North Carolina, a lit-tle community outside of Winston- Salem called Pfafftown. In 1977, he graduated at the top of his class, magna cum laude, from East Carolina University, which is in Greenville, my congressional district. He then earned his law degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1980. That is when I met Randy Doub. I passed the bar and graduated from law school in 1974; Randy did so in 1980, and after 1980 we became very good friends. After law school, Judge Doub went into private practice, where he spent 26 years providing expert counsel to his clients and devotedly represented their interests in court. After more than a quarter of a cen-tury in private practice, Randy was ap-pointed as the United States bank-ruptcy judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina. As he ascended to the bench, Judge Doub’s reputation as a hardworking, fair, and compassionate jurist did not go unnoticed. In 2007, he was named chief judge, a position he held until last year. Sadly, on January 24, 2015, Judge Doub passed away at the young age of 59 from a sudden heart attack. He left behind a wonderful family and commu-nity who loved and respected him so very much. He was well respected. Judge Doub put his family and faith above all else. He was a devoted and loving husband to his wife of 29 long years, Toni, and a wonderful father to their two sons, Alexander and Jame-son. A man of strong conviction and faith, Judge Doub was a member of Unity Free Will Baptist Church in Greenville and was a dedicated and long-serving member of the church choir. Mr. Speaker, while Judge Randy Doub is deserving of far more accolades than I have given him this evening, I am sure they will come with time. It is my great pleasure to offer this legisla-tion that seeks in some very small way to honor the life and work of Judge Randy Doub. b2000 In closing, there is no more fitting way to honor this legacy and the con-tributions of Judge Randy Doub than to name this courthouse the Randy D. Doub Courthouse in Greenville, North Carolina, where Randy served with such distinction and honor. I thank my colleagues for their strong support. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3937, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘Randy D. Doub United States Court-house’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNITY COUNTERTERRORISM PREPAREDNESS ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5859) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterter-rorism training and exercise grant pro-gram, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5859 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MAJOR METROPOLITAN AREA COUNTER-TERRORISM TRAINING AND EXER-CISE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. MAJOR METROPOLITAN AREA COUNTERTERRORISM TRAINING AND EXERCISE GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator and the heads of other relevant components of the Depart-ment, shall carry out a program for emer-gency response providers to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the most likely terrorist attack scenarios, including active shooters, as determined by the Secretary, against major metropolitan areas. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION .—In establishing the pro-gram under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to eligible applicants— ‘‘(A) information, in an unclassified for-mat, on the most likely terrorist attack sce-narios, including active shooters, which such grants are intended to address; and ‘‘(B) information on training and exercises best practices. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Emergency response pro-viders in jurisdictions that are currently re-ceiving, or that previously received, funding under section 2003 may apply for a grant under the program established in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL JURISDICTIONS .—Eligible applicants receiving funding under the pro-gram established in subsection (a) may in-clude in activities funded by such program neighboring jurisdictions that would be like-ly to provide mutual aid in response to the most likely terrorist attack scenarios, in-cluding active shooters. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Eligible applicants de-scribed in subsection (b) may apply for a grant under this section, and shall submit such information in support of an applica-tion as the Administrator may require. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM CONTENTS OF APPLICATION .— The Administrator shall require that each applicant include in its application at a min-imum, the following: ‘‘(A) The purpose for which the applicant seeks grant funds, including a description of how the applicant plans to use such funds. ‘‘(B) A description of how the activity for which the funding is sought will prepare the applicant to prevent, prepare for, and re-spond to complex, coordinated attacks. ‘‘(C) A description of how the applicant will work with community partners located within the applicant’s jurisdiction, such as schools, places of worship, and businesses, as appropriate, when conducting activities per-mitted under subsection (d). ‘‘(D) Such other information as determined necessary by the Administrator. ‘‘(d) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant to conduct training and exercises consistent with preventing, preparing for, and respond-ing to the most likely terrorist attack sce-narios, including active shooters. ‘‘(e) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not fewer than 24 months. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for grants under this section $39,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.107 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5704 September 20, 2016 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, if no one is claiming time in opposition, I would like to claim that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would inquire if the gentleman from New Jersey is opposed to the bill. Mr. PAYNE. No, I am not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. On that basis, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) will control 20 minutes in opposition. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we stand here this evening, there are ongoing investigations into the ter-rorist attacks over the weekend in New York, in New Jersey, and in Minnesota. Details of these attacks and of those responsible continue to emerge. One thing is certain: we are thankful that there was no loss of life and we are thankful for our brave first responders who worked around the clock to keep our communities safe. These brave men and women are doing their jobs in increasingly dif-ficult times. The threat environment is as high as we have ever seen it since 9/ 11. Large-scale terror attacks have been replaced as the main threat by smaller attacks that seek to terrorize entire communities at an alarming pace. Whether it is a simultaneous, co-ordinated attack at multiple locations, as we saw in Paris last year, or attacks like the ones in New York, New Jersey, and Minnesota this past weekend, or an active shooter who targets law enforce-ment, as we experienced in my home State of Texas against the Dallas Po-lice Department, we must ensure that our communities and our first respond-ers—our heroes—have the tools and training they need to best address to-day’s threats. That is why I introduced H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Pre-paredness Act. This bill authorizes $39 million for first responders in major metropolitan areas to conduct training and exercises to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to the most likely terrorist attack scenarios, like the IED attacks that we recently saw in New York and in New Jersey or active shooter attacks. The fiscal year 2016 Consolidated Appropriations Act in-cluded $39 million for grants to address complex, coordinated terrorist attacks, like the attacks in Paris. My bill authorizes the program, and it provides clear direction to the De-partment of Homeland Security, ensur-ing that emergency response providers receive the funding they need to ad-dress these emerging threats. First re-sponders in any of the more than 60 ju-risdictions that currently receive or have previously received funding under the Urban Areas Security Initiative are eligible for funding under this new pro-gram. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, my main job is to support the establish-ment of policies and programs that will help keep the American people safe. This program that is established in my bipartisan bill will provide the addi-tional resources to first responders so they can do just that. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes of my time to the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. PAYNE ) and ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Pre-paredness Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, a pressure cooker bomb exploded in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York. A second explosive was found only blocks away. Thankfully, nobody was killed, but 29 innocent peo-ple were injured. Over the course of the investigation, additional explosive de-vices were found in Elizabeth, New Jer-sey. All of these devices were ulti-mately connected devices that were found in Seaside Park, New Jersey, one of which exploded early Saturday morning. Law enforcement’s pursuit of the sus-pected terrorist ended in Linden, New Jersey, which is in my congressional district. Yesterday, police successfully apprehended the suspect after a shoot-out in which two brave officers were shot. Thankfully, we understand that both injured Linden police officers have been released from the hospital. Officer Padilla and Officer Hammer have even made requests to go back to work. Mr. Speaker, the events of this past weekend reflect the evolving nature of the terrorist threats that our commu-nities are confronting. From home-made explosive devices that are plant-ed in multiple densely populated loca-tions throughout a region to active shooter incidents, today’s threat envi-ronment demands that local law en-forcement be prepared to respond to these complex attacks. The Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act would formally au-thorize the $39 million Complex Coordi-nated Terrorist Attacks program fund-ed in the fiscal year 2016 appropriations bill. The program would help our first responders access the training that is necessary to stay a step ahead of those who would do us harm and to keep our communities safe. I also want to express my deepest ap-preciation for the first responders and New Jersey citizens who came together to quickly identify and apprehend the suspect in the bombings. By remaining engaged and vigilant, Linden and Eliza-beth residents, law enforcement, and first responders kept our communities safe and prevented loss of life. I know a lot of people will not acknowledge the help we got from the Muslim com-munity, but I specifically acknowledge their efforts to assist authorities in ap-prehending the suspect. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. One thing that all three of us who have spoken on this bill tonight share is a desire to protect our homeland. I know that absolutely, completely to each of our cores we want our home-land protected. The issue comes in how we go about doing that and what les-sons have been learned from prior mis-takes and prior deaths and injuries. We continue to hear in the media about lone wolves. As Patrick Poole once said, They are not lone wolves. We keep finding that they are known wolves. It seems that, over and over, people who are killing in the name of Allah, killing in the name of the Is-lamic State and its leader, killing in the name of radical Islamic jihad have been questioned, have surfaced as a threat; yet, when they are inves-tigated, they don’t seem to be able to capture the fact that this is someone who has been radicalized and is going to go about killing people—killing Americans. If we look at Orlando and now at New York City, we are training law enforce-ment officers to spot nonexistent Islamophobes. That is an expression—a word—that was coined by the organiza-tion of the Islamic Council, which has 57 members—or states—or 50 states. I forget. With the United States or the OIC, one of us has 57 states and the other has 50. Anyway, they are the ones who coined the phrases ‘‘Islamaphobe,’’ ‘‘Islamophobia,’’ and that is what is being taught. As we have looked at how Homeland Security money has been spent in try-ing to prepare against radical Islamists—although they call it coun-tering violent extremism, they don’t want to say the words ‘‘radical Islam.’’ The gentleman from Texas has repeat-edly said the phrase ‘‘radical Islam’’ because he understands that that is what it is. Unfortunately, the Home-land Security Department still can’t quite grasp what radical Islam is. For those who wonder is it even pos-sible that money that we would appro-priate under this bill, which makes clear on page 4 of the bill that, when applying for the money, at a minimum, the application has to say how the ap-plicant will work with community partners—‘‘community partners.’’ That is an interesting phrase in itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.110 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5705 September 20, 2016 
Where have we found that before? We have found that with Homeland Security; we have found that with the FBI; and we have heard testimony in our Judiciary Committee from FBI Di-rector Mueller on the community part-nership that they have had with mosques and with different groups, like CAIR. In fact, CAIR, itself, and other Islamic groups have even been actually named as unindicted coconspirators in the Holy Land Foundation trial in which the principals were convicted of supporting terrorism. b2015 There were numerous unindicted co-conspirators. The only ones who ob-jected to their listing as unindicted co-conspirators brought their motion to be struck from the pleading before the Federal district judge in the case. He examined the evidence and indicated there was plenty of evidence to support them being named as coconspirators. They weren’t satisfied with that; they appealed it to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals examined the evidence that was avail-able and said, just on the evidence available, that these groups that are objecting to being listed as coconspira-tors, there is plenty of evidence to show that they are coconspirators. The names shall not be struck. Yet, the FBI, the State Department, the Department of Homeland Security, the CIA, and our intelligence agencies continue to follow the instructions of the White House and, that is, to be community partners with these groups that have ties to the Muslim Brother-hood. As I have traveled in the Middle East and North Africa, repeatedly, I have been asked by leaders, once the cam-eras are out of the room: Why do you not understand the Muslim Brother-hood has been at war with you for dec-ades? You keep helping the Muslim Brotherhood. You keep getting advice from the Muslim Brotherhood. When are you going to learn? In Egypt, where the Muslim Brother-hood was born, Egypt has understood what a threat the Muslim Brotherhood is to Western civilization. They don’t want to recognize our Constitution; they want it supplanted and replaced with Sharia law. We can live in peace with the vast number of Muslims in the world, but we need to be sure we recog-nize radical Islamic jihadists. So how do we go about training? The Committee on Homeland Security is making a wonderful gesture: Here is money for law enforcement officers to be trained. What happens? Well, they are told they have got to reach out with community partners. And I know from personally ques-tioning former-FBI Director Mueller—I was chastising him for the fact that the United States was notified twice that the older Tsarnaev brother, the Boston bomber, had been radicalized and was going to kill people in the United States—they didn’t do an ade-quate investigation. The best that I can determine, from the information the FBI provided, they sent an agent to talk to Tsarnaev him-self. Apparently, he indicated: Gee, I am not a terrorist. Well, to be sure they did an adequate investigation, they went and talked to his mother. And his mother said, in es-sence, that he is not a terrorist; that he is a good boy. And the FBI checked the box that he is not a terrorist. He was a terrorist. We also know, from our hearings from material that only a few of us in this Congress have examined that was purged from the FBI training material, they have purged information from the training that our FBI, our intelligence, our Homeland Security, and our Jus-tice Department can have to learn about what radical Islam is. We know that Osama bin Laden, for example, said that he was radicalized, and it began with his reading the Mus-lim Brotherhood Qutb’s booklet called Milestones. The reading of that booklet helped radicalize Osama bin Laden. I would bet that, of the FBI agents that have been trained under this ad-ministration, most of them have never heard of Qutb. So nobody would have known to ask Tsarnaev: Have you read Milestones? What do you think of Mile-stones? I challenged Mueller that they had not even gone to the mosque to ask questions: How is Tsarnaev acting? Is he becoming more stern, more reli-gious? Has he talked about Qutb? Has he talked about Milestones? What is he reading? I chastised him for not going to the mosque, and the best our FBI director could say was: We did go to that mosque in our outreach program. Oh, yes, they took money that was appropriated to train and prevent ter-rorism, and they go out and have sit- down programs, probably have some meals. I don’t know what all they do in their outreach program, but they are not learning to spot radical Islamists. The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity has their heart in the right place. They are wanting to do the right thing. They are hearing from our Department of Homeland Security. Block grants to these law enforce-ment will allow them to train to pre-vent—and the language is—they may use the grant to conduct training and exercises consistent with preventing. That is where our training so far is going to help people—whether New York, Orlando, San Bernardino—to spot Islamophobes. That is why when a complaint is made in San Bernardino about the person that would go on to kill so many lives there, take so many lives there—yeah, they investigated, but they thought it was just an Islamophobe because that is what they have been trained to look for. When the FBI got a heads-up on the Orlando shooter, they investigated, and they figured, oh, this is probably just Muslim haters. That is what they are spending their money to train for. In New Jersey, they actually inves-tigated Mr. Rahami after his own fa-ther reported him as a terrorist after he stabbed his own brother. What does the FBI do? They didn’t go to his social media. If so, they would have learned he had been radicalized. They didn’t bother to look at his travel records, as best we can tell, to see where he trav-eled, who he saw, where he went, or where he might have been radicalized. No. No. They eventually got from the father a recanting, so they let it go. As a result, countless people were nearly killed. Why? It is not because law enforce-ment in New Jersey or New York don’t want to do their jobs and do the best job they can and save lives. These are good law enforcement officers, just as they are in San Bernardino and Or-lando. They want to do their job, but they haven’t had the right training. I would direct my friends to August 10 through 12 of 2011, Steve Coughlin, who used to brief the Joint Chiefs of Staff on radical Islam, along with some others who have spent their adult life studying radical Islam, was going to do a seminar for law enforcement training in the prevention of terrorist attacks or extremist attacks. Two days before law enforcement around the country were going to go to Langley to our intelligence agency and be trained on how to spot radical Islam, how to prevent these attacks— just like this money is going to be used here—someone with CAIR, the Council on American-Islamic Relations, from the story we got, called someone at the White House. Someone at the White House called Langley: Cancel that training. They changed the guidelines so that only people who were going to train about Islamophobia and minimize the training about true radical Islam and how to spot it are now allowed to teach our law enforcement as long as this ad-ministration is here in place. So my proposal was: Let’s amend this language, and we could just say that none of this money can be used in cor-relation or coordinating with or to go to anyone who was named as a cocon-spirator in the Holy Land Foundation trial, or the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates, or CAIR and its affiliates. This is a suspension bill; it cannot be amended. For that reason, I regretfully must oppose the bill and urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ until we can get a bill so law enforcement can be trained to spot radical Islamists and not dis-miss those warnings of the radicals as nothing but a bunch of Islamophobes. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. GOHMERT. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I listened diligently to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), who is a friend and a colleague, both in the Ju-diciary and in the Appropriations Leg-islative Branch Subcommittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.111 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5706 September 20, 2016 
I am not going to address the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) by his first name because judges don’t ad-dress opponents by their first name. Mr. G
OHMERT , your frustration level is extremely high, as I would argue most Americans’ frustration level is extremely high. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Mr. G
OHMERT ’s frustration level is ex-tremely high, as I would argue the American citizens’ frustration level is extremely high. For that reason, he is concerned about what people who are avoiding the intent of the law are doing to cir-cumvent the laws in this country. So am I. But does that mean, because we don’t trust someone in the White House or someone in an agency to do the right thing, we shouldn’t provide the addi-tional training that will keep law en-forcement officers from being killed be-cause they weren’t trained well enough to respond in a first responder situa-tion or an active shooter situation? We are trying to get additional fund-ing to train up every person who en-forces the law right in this country. I understand Mr. G
OHMERT ’s worry about these people who are circumventing the intent of the Congress. We all worry about that quite a bit. But it is not a reason to take down a piece of legislation that will provide needed re-sources for first responders and law en-forcement across this great land. Those people, the better trained they are, the better chance they have got to stay alive. If they stay alive, they can do their job. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, since I know I have very little time left, let me respond. When you can’t trust the people in the White House to train properly to recognize radical Islam, then it is in-cumbent upon the Congress to put the language in our bill so they don’t have a choice. It is not my level of frustra-tion with people circumventing the law. It is the fact that we have the power to put in the bills who does the training, who will get the training, ex-actly what kind of training, and we are leaving it to this administration. As a result, my frustration is that people are being killed and injured needlessly. Because, even as we stand here with the language in this bill, this administration has already shown that they will train—in order to prepare for and to prevent a terrorist attack, yes, I know they can get training for active shooting—but they are being trained to prevent and prepare for. You have to learn about Islamophobia. Let’s put the language in there so that this administration cannot prevent the true professors of radical Islam from teaching law en-forcement on what to look for to know whether someone is radicalized. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as I already seemed to have expressed fairly passionately with Mr. G
OHMERT , I am very proud to support H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Pre-paredness Act, because this bill author-izes $39 million to allow our first re-sponders to conduct training and exer-cises to prevent, prepare for, and re-spond to terrorist attacks, including attacks that involve active shooters. The Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security has provided funds for this program, and I am glad to join the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) in pushing forward a formal authorization. b2030 We have to do everything in our power to make sure our local law en-forcement has the ability to respond during terrorist attacks or active shooter scenarios. If you just watch those first re-sponder-trained Dallas policemen as they went into that high-rise parking garage, how they parked the cars, how they moved through the cars, that is first responder training and how it saves lives. Time and again we have seen tragic accidents brought to an end by our law enforcement officers, and often they are the first ones on the scene. We must ensure that they have the train-ing they need to do their job safely but effectively. I have long supported similar train-ing through the Department of Jus-tice’s VALOR program, which conducts training right in our backyard in Texas at Texas State University’s ALERRT facility. The President recently signed my POLICE Act, which will allow local law enforcement to access active shooter response training through the COPS grants. I am proud to support this similar legislation that once again gives more resources to our first re-sponders and our law enforcement offi-cers so we can save their lives and help them to save our lives. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ), my good friend, stated one thing that was true in his speech, that he does not know what community outreach means. It is something that helps first responders, has helped; but obviously, he has had no experiences with that. This talk and this notion about the White House and what they are and they aren’t and what they do and they don’t do—when our greatest enemy, Osama bin Laden, was in our sights, whoever or whatever at the White House said: Take that shot. So to con-tinue to question certain people’s re-solve in keeping the homeland safe I think is disrespectful. Mr. Speaker, nothing in this bill pro-vides that any entity other than law enforcement will be eligible to receive grant funding. Only law enforcement will be eligible. This bill merely pro-vides that community partners that law enforcement are being trained to protect are included in the efforts to prepare for complex and coordinated attacks. This is language I added, and I thank the chairman for his commit-ment to community preparedness. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), my friend, who is on the Sub-committee on Emergency Prepared-ness, Response, and Communications with me, a subcommittee of Chairman M
CCAUL’s Committee on Homeland Se-curity. I rise in support of H.R. 5859, the Community Counterterrorism Pre-paredness Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill that was introduced by the leadership of Chair-man M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, we recently commemo-rated the 15th anniversary of the Sep-tember 11 attacks. In the 15 years since that tragedy, first responders have taken steps—often with the help of Federal homeland security grant fund-ing—to enhance their ability to pre-vent, prepare for, and respond to ter-rorist attacks. Much progress has been made in that time. But the terrorist threat is evolving. As Chairman M
CCAULnoted, terrorists have transitioned from the 9/11-type, large-scale attacks to smaller attacks that are either directed or inspired by overseas terrorist organizations. We must ensure that our first responders are prepared to counter changing ter-rorist tactics, and that is why this bill is so important. H.R. 5859 will provide first responders in major metropolitan areas across our great Nation with funding to address the evolving terror threats facing our homeland, a need reinforced by this weekend’s attacks in New York City and New Jersey. On Saturday morning at 8:30 at a Ma-rine Corps race honoring our veterans, a bomb exploded. Less than 12 hours later, in a busy, restaurant-filled sec-tion of Manhattan known as Chelsea, at 8:30, another explosion occurred. And the next evening in Elizabeth, New Jersey, at a train station, another bomb was discovered and eventually exploded as a robot tried to dismantle it. All three of these locations were picked because they are heavily trav-eled, there were many people there, and it could have caused great destruc-tion. Twenty-nine people were injured in the Chelsea incident. During the investigation that led to the apprehension of the villain who masterminded these attacks on our in-nocent citizens, Mr. Rahami, law en-forcement tracked and detained associ-ates of his while they were driving through my district, and it was Mr. P
AYNE ’s district in which Rahami was apprehended. This is personal to us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\H20SE6.REC H20SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5707 September 20, 2016 
I recently attended a number of me-morials for first responders from my district who made the ultimate sac-rifice on September 11. When I was elected to Congress 16 short months ago, I requested to become a member of the Committee on Homeland Security so I could work with my colleagues to ensure that our first responders, those brave men and women, have the tools they need to ensure our communities are protected. When the 2017 Presidential budget proposal cut the Urban Area Security Initiative grants in half, there were people on this floor, particularly peo-ple on the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, who advocated for and restored those grants. I want to thank Chair-man M
CCAULfor his leadership and for introducing this bipartisan bill. I urge all Members to join me in supporting the legislation. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to Chairman M
CCAULto control. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) will control the time. There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire, how much time do I have? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 5 minutes re-maining. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I attended the 9/11 cere-mony. It was a moving experience. I spent almost my entire career working with law enforcement, with Federal law enforcement and State and local law enforcement, as both a Federal prosecutor and a State prosecutor. Today I released a report called the National Strategy to Win the War Against Islamist Terror. I would sub-mit that nobody knows this issue bet-ter than I do. It is the reason I am chairman of this committee. I get the briefings. I understand the threat level. And, yes, it is radical Islamist terror. I had an NYPD intelligence briefing after the 9/11 ceremony briefing me in a classified setting on how this threat has evolved from not just go to Syria to join the fight but, rather, kill and attack where you are. As I met with those brave men and women at NYPD, they said: Mr. Chairman, we need your help in this fight; we need the UASI funding; and, yes, we need funding to help us with the active shooter threat that is out there, with the IED threat that is out there, with the suicide bomber threat, targeting New York. And guess what. Just a few days later, we got hit again. Not just in New York, but in New Jersey and in Minnesota. These funds, importantly, go to no one but law enforcement and first re-sponders. It doesn’t go to the people Mr. G
OHMERT is talking about. It goes directly to police chiefs and to first re-sponders and fire departments, who are our heroes, and we should have their backs. Day in and day out they protect the American people, and to suggest or even insinuate that these heroes, front-line defenders would in any way con-spire with the Muslim Brotherhood or radical Islamist terrorists is an insult, and it is disgraceful to this body, to this Chamber. It is an assault on all law enforcement and first responders across this country. We shouldn’t doubt our police chiefs, our law en-forcement, our fire chiefs, our first re-sponders. We should have their backs. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what this bill is designed to do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the bal-ance of my time to respond to my re-marks being disgraceful. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 21⁄2 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing that I have said that impugns the integrity of any law enforcement officer. I have worked with law enforcement officers; I have been a prosecutor; I have been a judge. I know how tough their job is. There is nothing I have said that would impugn their integrity. There is noth-ing that is disgraceful except when a Congress refuses to learn from repeated killings, murders by radical Islamists. I understand the intent. It is going to train for active shooters. But when the language in the bill says ‘‘such grant to conduct training and exercises con-sistent with preventing,’’ then I can guarantee you because even though my friend says he knows more about this issue than anyone else, he doesn’t know, apparently, what Homeland Se-curity is doing with the money, doing with the training, didn’t know about the changes that were made by this ad-ministration to who can teach about radical Islam. And so I would simply say, we really do need to help our law enforcement learn what radical Islam is about, and the way to do that is put it in the bill so this administration cannot change what is done with the money. That is what we should be doing. As far as community outreach, I know all about community outreach. I have been with Muslim friends at mosques. I know about community outreach. But I try to make sure I am not talking to the foxes that Homeland Security has brought into the hen-house. If you think I am wrong, look at the article published in Egypt by the Muslim Brotherhood, a pre-approved publication, that identified six Muslim brothers who were high consultants, including Elibiary. I warned about him for years in Homeland Security, and nobody in this body would help me on the committee to get Elibiary out. Fi-nally, after Elibiary tweeted out that the international caliphate was inevi-table, finally Homeland Security al-lowed him to rotate off of their advi-sory council. We have got foxes in the henhouse, and it is up to Congress to get them out. That is why I oppose the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act,’’ for two reasons. First, the bill will save lives. Second, the leg-islation is necessary to support the vital work of first responders in preparing for and re-sponding to crises that may range from ter-rorist incidents to active shooter events. As a senior member of the House Home-land Security Committee, I understand how critical it is for our first responders to be pre-pared and well trained to manage a wide range of potential threats both conventional and unconventional. September is National Preparedness Month, which serves as a reminder that we all must take action to prepare, now and throughout the year, for the types of emergencies that could affect us where we live, work, and also where we visit. The recent events in New York, New Jer-sey, and Minnesota highlight the importance of H.R. 5859, which amends the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to establish the major Met-ropolitan Area Counterterrorism Training and Exercise Grant Program. The legislation directs components of the Department of Homeland Security to conduct training programs for emergency response providers to prevent, prepare for, and respond to the most likely terrorist attack scenarios, in-cluding active shooters. My congressional district, which is centered in the city of Houston Texas, which has a pop-ulation of 2.2 million, is the fourth most popu-lous city in the United States, trailing only New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago. Houston, largest city in the South and the Southwest. The city is a racially diverse and ethnically dynamic city comprised of Anglo (38.8 per-cent), Hispanic (35.9 percent), African Amer-ican (16.7 percent), Asian (6.7 percent) and others. More than 145 different languages are spo-ken in Houston, the third largest number of languages spoken in a U.S. city behind New York (192) and Los Angeles (185). It is appropriate that we address how we can better coordinate preparedness training so that first responders can accomplish what we have seen over the last few days—in every city in the nation. The Homeland Security Act created the Emergency Preparedness and Response Di-rectorate within the Department of Homeland Security with the purpose of partnering with states, local and tribal governments to accom-plish the following: promote the effectiveness of emergency re-sponders through standards, training exer-cises, and funding; manage and coordinate specified federal re-sources; aid recovery in the event of an attack; build an intergovernmental national incident management system to guide responses; consolidate existing federal response plans; and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20SE7.114 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5708 September 20, 2016 
develop programs for communications. There are over 1 million firefighters in the United States, of which 750,000 are volun-teers. Local police departments have about 556,000 full-time employees. Sheriffs’ offices reported about 291,000 full- time employees. There are over 155,000 nationally registered emergency medical technicians (EMT). H.R. 5859 provides an additional resource to first responders to do the work they have dedicated their lives to doing—saving lives. Last year, the House passed my bill, H.R. 2795, the ‘‘First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations,’’ (FRIENDS Act). The FRIENDS Act embodies the important and fundamental idea that we have an obliga-tion to ensure that the first responders who protect our loved ones in emergencies, have the peace of mind that comes from knowing that their loved ones are safe while they do their duty. The FRIENDS Act reflects stakeholder input and bipartisan collaboration with the Majority. I am passionate about the work of those who dedicate themselves to public service. I hold in high regard the service of fire-fighters, law enforcement officers, emergency response technicians, nurses, emergency room doctors, and the dozens of other profes-sionals who are the ultimate public servants. First responders are called to serve and few outside of their ranks can understand why they do the work that they do each day—plac-ing their lives in harm’s way to save a strang-er. A law enforcement officer, fire fighters, and emergency medical technicians make our lives safer, while often at the same time putting their own lives at risk. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Community Counter-terrorism Preparedness Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5859, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b2045 BEALE AIR FORCE BASE TRAGEDY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise with sadness tonight. In northern California, Beale Air Force Base conducts very important reconnaissance operations. This morn-ing, we lost one of our U–2 aircraft as part of the mission process. Two flight members were part of that aircraft. Both were able to eject. One has passed away, and one is suffering from inju-ries. I am asking tonight that those who are watching and have heard about this pray for their families, pray for the healing of that one flight member still alive, and pray for their colleagues. Beale conducts very important recon-naissance missions in defense of our country. We are very grateful to all of them. Our hearts go out to the families of those two flight members. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and the bal-ance of the week on account of per-sonal reasons. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 21, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6918. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Sexual Assault Preven-tion and Response (SAPR) Program [DOD- 2008-OS-0124; 0790-AJ40] received September 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6919. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Professional U.S. Scouting Orga-nization Operations at U.S. Military Instal-lations Overseas; Technical Amendment [Docket ID: DOD-2012-OS-0170] (RIN: 0790- AI98) received September 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6920. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-cialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Treasury’s Major final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Cov-ered Swap Entities [Docket No.: OCC-2015- 0023] (RIN: 1557-AD00) received September 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6921. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the report entitled ‘‘Health, United States, 2015’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 242m(a)(1); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 308 (as amended by Public Law 100-177, Sec. 106(a)); (101 Stat. 989); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6922. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, National Institutes of Health, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Clin-ical Trials Registration and Results Informa-tion Submission [Docket No.: NIH-2011-0003] (RIN: 0925-AA55) received September 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6923. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Health Resources and Services Admin-istration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s di-rect final rule — Removing Outmoded Regu-lations Regarding the Smallpox Vaccine In-jury Compensation Program (RIN: 0906-AA84) received September 15, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6924. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval/Dis-approval; MS Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 NO2 NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2014- 0751; FRL-9952-33-Region 4] received Sep-tember 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6925. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Alabama: Volatile Organic Compounds [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0473; FRL-9952-30-Region 4] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6926. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; In-frastructure SIP Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0824; FRL- 9952-42-Region 5] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6927. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; SC In-frastructure Requirements for the 2010 1- hour NO2 NAAQS [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0251; FRL-9952-28-Region 4] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6928. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ten-nessee; Revision and Removal of Stage I and II Gasoline Vapor Recovery Program [EPA- R04-OAR-2016-0011; FRL-9952-50-Region 4] re-ceived September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6929. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ammonium persulfate; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0237; FRL-9951-08] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6930. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Department of Pesticide Regulations [EPA-R09-OAR-2015-0807; FRL- 9951-19-Region 9] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.053 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5709 September 20, 2016 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6931. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Maryland; Control of Volatile Organic Compounds Emissions from Fiberglass Boat Manufacturing Materials [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0304; FRL-9952-47-Region 3] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6932. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Correction [EPA-R07-OAR-2016-0501; FRL-9952-44-Region 7] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6933. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Aspergillus flavus strains TC16F, TC35C, TC38B, and TC46G; Temporary Exemptions from the Requirement of a Tol-erance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0742; FRL-9951-44] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6934. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Partial Approval and Par-tial Disapproval of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; NJ; Infrastructure SIP Require-ments for 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitro-gen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, and 2012 PM2.5, 2006 PM10, and 2011 Carbon Monoxide NAAQS: Interstate Transport Provisions [EPA-R02-OAR-2016-0389; FRL-9952-41-Region 2] received September 19, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6935. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 07-16, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6936. A letter from the Archivist, National Archives, transmitting the Archive’s FY 2016 Commercial and Inherently Governmental Activities Inventory, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 6937. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rulemaking — Special Rights for Transferred Employees under the Dodd-Frank Act Regarding Federal Employ-ees’ Group Life Insurance (RIN: 3206-AM81) received September 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6938. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Infla-tion Adjustment [Docket ID: DOD-2016-OS- 0045] (RIN: 0790-AJ42) received September 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6939. A letter from the Deputy Clerk, United States Court of Appeals, transmitting an opinion of the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Fifth Circuit, Richard Boeta v. FAA USDC No. EA-5744; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6940. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rules — Revised Med-ical Criteria for Evaluating Mental Disorders [Docket No.: SSA-2007-0101] (RIN: 0960-AF69) received September 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 6941. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Federal Agency Drug-Free Workplace Program Re-port to Congress, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7301 note; Public Law 100-71, Sec. 503(a)(1)(B) (as amended by Public Law 102-54, Sec. 13(b)(6)); (105 Stat. 274); jointly to the Committees on Appropriations and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5713. A bill to provide for the extension of certain long-term care hos-pital Medicare payment rules, clarify the ap-plication of rules on the calculation of hos-pital length of stay to certain moratorium- excepted long-term care hospitals, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–761, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5946. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games; with an amendment (Rept. 114–762). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. KLINE: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 5963. A bill to reauthor-ize and improve the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–763). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5037. A bill to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Co-lumbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; with amendments (Rept. 114–764). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5785. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers (Rept. 114–765). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5625. A bill to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–766). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROYCE: Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. H.R. 5931. A bill to provide for the pro-hibition on cash payments to the Govern-ment of Iran and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–767). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-culture. H.R. 5883. A bill to amend the Pack-ers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in con-nection with the buying or selling of live-stock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–768). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-culture. H.R. 470. A bill to authorize the sale of certain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia (Rept. 114–769). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-culture. H.R. 845. A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Agriculture to publish in the Fed-eral Register a strategy to significantly in-crease the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–770, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5957. A bill to include disabled veteran leave in the per-sonnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration (Rept. 114–771). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5873. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–772). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5011. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; with an amendment (Rept. 114–773). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5147. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to re-quire that male and female restrooms in pub-lic buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 774). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5065. A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to notify air carriers and security screening personnel of the Transportation Security Administration of such Administration’s guidelines regard-ing permitting baby formula, breast milk, and juice on airplanes, and for other pur-poses; with amendments (Rept. 114–775). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5943. A bill to amend the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allow-able uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish peri-ods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–776). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 875. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3438) to amend title 5, United States Code, to post-pone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial review; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–777). Referred to the House Calendar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20SE7.000 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5710 September 20, 2016 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 876. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5461) to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–778). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Natural Resources dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 845 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5713 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama): H.R. 6068. A bill to prohibit funding for the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehen-sive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization in the event the United Nations Security Council adopts a resolution prohibiting ac-tivities counter to the object and purpose of the Treaty; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. R
OHRABACHER ): H.R. 6069. A bill to require a report on the designation of Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California): H.R. 6070. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to better protect persons with disabil-ities and communities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 6071. A bill making continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropria-tions, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C
ONYERS , and Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia): H.R. 6072. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to promote accuracy, in-tegrity, and security in the administration of elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R
USH, and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia): H.R. 6073. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct research and development to mitigate the consequences of threats to voting systems, to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require the vot-ing systems used in elections for Federal of-fice to comply with national standards de-veloped by the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology for operational security and ballot verification, to establish pro-grams to promote research in innovative voting system technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6074. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to limit the payments from the Judgment Fund in certain cases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 6075. A bill to clarify the United States’ interest in certain submerged lands in the area of the Monomoy National Wild-life Refuge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Ms. EDWARDS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. A
BRAHAM ): H.R. 6076. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to establish a program for the medical monitoring, diagnosis, and treatment of astronauts, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 6077. A bill to provide a Federal share for disaster assistance provided to the State of Louisiana in connection with the major disaster declaration declared on March 13, 2016, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6078. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs efficiently furnishes certain records in the custody of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6079. A bill to amend section 416 of title 39, United States Code, to remove the authority of the United States Postal Serv-ice to issue semipostals except as provided for by an Act of Congress, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6080. A bill to provide for the avail-ability of personalized handguns from feder-ally licensed firearms dealers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 6081. A bill to provide for a land con-veyance in the State of Nevada; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L EE, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 6082. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to issue regulations regarding disclo-sure of oil data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6083. A bill to provide payment for pa-tient navigator services under title XIX of the Social Security Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6084. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide comprehen-sive cancer patient treatment education under the Medicare program and to provide for research to improve cancer symptom management; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. HANNA , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K IL-
MER, and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 6085. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the national limitation amount for qualified highway or surface freight transfer facility bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 6086. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to protect the religious free exercise and free speech rights of churches and other houses of worship; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. B
RADY of Texas): H.R. 6087. A bill to require the completion of the digitization of all remaining paper- based fingerprint records for inclusion in the Automated Biometric Identification System (IDENT) of the Department of Homeland Se-curity; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. H
ECKof Nevada, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio): H.R. 6088. A bill to delay for one year the release of the Overall Hospital Quality Star Ratings, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 6089. A bill to authorize members and former members of the uniformed services who are entitled to veterans disability com-pensation to continue to participate in the Thrift Savings Plan through the deduction and deposit of a percentage of their veterans disability compensation to the Thrift Sav-ings Fund; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6090. A bill to provide that section 4108(5)(C)(iv) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 may be known as ‘‘Bree’s Law’’; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. A MASH , and Mr. J
ONES ): H.J. Res. 98. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed foreign mili-tary sale to the Government of the Kingdom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.055 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5711 September 20, 2016 
of Saudi Arabia of M1A1/A2 Abrams Tank structures and other major defense equip-ment; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HASTINGS: H. Con. Res. 157. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian peace process and oppose anti-Israel measures considered by the United Nations General Assembly; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Ms. E
SHOO ): H. Res. 874. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘Rheumatic Disease Awareness Month’’, in recognition of the costs imposed by rheu-matic diseases, the need for increased med-ical research, and the quality care provided by trained rheumatologists; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-self, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): H. Res. 877. A resolution encouraging each State to enact legislation that increases the likelihood of survival after sudden cardiac arrest in our Nation’s schools; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. R
USH, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H. Res. 878. A resolution recognizing the 25th anniversary of Ukraine’s act of declara-tion of independence from the Soviet Union; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 5659. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constutition. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 5713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constutition. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 6068. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6069. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 6070. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; Article I, section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to regulate commerce among the sev-eral states; Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution grants Congress the power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 6071. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use.’’ By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6072. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1—the times, places and manner of holiding Elections for Senators and Represenatives, shall be pre-scribed ni each state by the Legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time make or alter such Regulations, except as to the place of choosing Senators. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6073. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1—the times, places and manner of holiding Elections for Senators and Represenatives, shall be pre-scribed ni each state by the Legislature thereof; but Congress may at any time make or alter such Regulations, except as to the place of choosing Senators. By Mr. FLEMING: H.R. 6074. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 6075. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 6076. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 6077. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6078. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Sec-tion 8, of Article 1 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6079. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The attached legislation falls under Con-gress’ enumerated constitutional authority to regulate the postal system pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 7. By Mr. DESAULNIER H.R. 6080. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 6081. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the Constitution’’. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6082. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6083. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 6084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 6086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20SE7.100 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5712 September 20, 2016 
First Amendment of the United States Con-stitution, which states that, among other things, Congress shall make no law prohib-iting the free exercise of religion. By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 6087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section. 8, Clause 1—The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; Article 1, Section, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 6088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 6089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.J. Res. 98. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section I, which includes an implied power for the Con-gress to regulate the conduct of the United States with respect to foreign affairs; and U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, which authorizes the Congress to: (1) ‘‘provide for the common Defense and general welfare of the United States,’’ and (2) ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Ms. M OORE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. K USTER , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 379: Mr. P
OMPEO and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 525: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 546: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 604: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 687: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 745: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 746: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 771: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 775: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 776: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 802: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 846: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 863: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 932: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1151: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 1192: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1220: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1258: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1342: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1552: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1608: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. Z
INKE, and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 1653: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1686: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 1713: Ms. K
USTER and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1728: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1736: Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 1943: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2063: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2096: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2170: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Ms. E
STY. H.R. 2260: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2264: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 2278: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 2293: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2313: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 2342: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2368: Mr. C
LAYand Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 2403: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2431: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2532: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 2566: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 2660: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2710: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2715: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 2748: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2752: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 2858: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 2889: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2902: Mr. D
ENT, Mrs. L OWEY , and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 2903: Mr. R
IGELL . H.R. 2948: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 2957: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2991: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3012: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3119: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. S
ERRANO , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 3130: Mr. F
OSTER and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 3185: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3198: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3229: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3235: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 3316: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R USH, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3355: Mr. K
ILMER and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 3410: Mr. H
ONDA and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3660: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 3706: Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3742: Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. R OSS, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 3765: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 3882: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 3924: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3943: Mr. L
EWIS. H.R. 3952: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 3991: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4019: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4030: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4184: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4247: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4298: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Mr. H
ECKof Washington, and Mrs. L UM-
MIS. H.R. 4559: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 4575: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 4603: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4625: Mr. J
OYCE and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4626: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. M ICA, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 4657: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4764: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4773: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. M EAD-
OWS. H.R. 4816: Mr. K
LINE and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 4818: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 4863: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4919: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. K EATING , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. L EE, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4927: Mr. H
IGGINS . H.R. 4980: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 5009: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5015: Mr. I
SSAand Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 5090: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 5177: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5182: Mr. D
OLD and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5224: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5292: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5321: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 5410: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 5418: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M
ARCHANT , and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 5432: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida and Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 5545: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5584: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 5589: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 5600: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 5628: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5650: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 5689: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 5692: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5721: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5727: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 5732: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. H
URDof Texas. H.R. 5765: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 5812: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 5813: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5850: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5851: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. E SHOO , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5866: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 5883: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 5904: Mr. H
UELSKAMP  H.R. 5931: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 5941: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5942: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 5961: Mr. P
ITTS and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 5962: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 5963: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 5965: Mr. F
ARR. H.R. 5980: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H
ECK of Washington, and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5989: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5996: Ms. B
ASS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.065 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5713 September 20, 2016 
H.R. 5999: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6010: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 6013: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6016: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 6023: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 6030: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 6034: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 6043: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 6045: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 6061: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. L EWIS. H.R. 6062: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 6066: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania. H. Con. Res. 114: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H. Con. Res. 133: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAMof New Mexico. H. Con. Res. 140: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. D OLD, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. COLE, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. R OYCE . H. Con. Res. 143: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Con. Res. 150: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York. H. Con. Res. 155: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michi- gan. H. Res. 94: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 289: Mr. D
OGGETT . H. Res. 403: Mr. C
OOPER . H. Res. 540: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H. Res. 590: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G
UTHRIE , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee H. Res. 625: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H. Res. 703: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H. Res. 766: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 782: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 808: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 840: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 853: Mr. M
ASSIE . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative C
ICILLINE or a designee to H.R. 3438, the Require Evaluation before Imple-menting Executive Wishlists Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative P
OLIQUIN , or a designee, to H.R. 5461, the Iranian Leadership Asset Trans-parency Act does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE7.061 H20SEPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5891 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 2016 No. 142 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, every good and perfect gift comes from You alone, for with You there is no variation or shadow of turning. Help us to remember that the function of prayer is not to influence You, Almighty God, but to change us. We, therefore, do not pray for an easy life but for the strength to endure a difficult one. Give our Senators the wisdom to trust You in the small things, realizing that faithfulness with the least pre-pares them for fidelity with the much. May they trust You to do what is best for America in good times and in bad. May we place our hope in You and never forget how You have sustained us in the past. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Senators have been continuing their work across the aisle to reach an agreement on a continuing resolution that will help keep Americans safer from Zika, provide critical funding for veterans, and keep the government open. I have been encouraged by the progress that we have made so far, and I hope to see it continue as we work to-ward a final bill which will extend through December 9 at last year’s en-acted level. We all know how important the measure is. So let’s keep working and get this done. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN-LED SENATE Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-lican-led Senate recently returned from the longest summer recess in more than a half a century. It is de-picted here in the chart I wish to share with my colleagues. The black lines are when we are not working. Where there are not black lines is when we work, keeping in mind that many of our work days are not the work days of the peo-ple we represent. Some work days are 3 or 4 hours at the most. The Republican Senate just simply doesn’t work. The chart represents the fewest working days since 1956. Our country has grown since then. But here it is. A picture is worth a thousand words. I won’t say a thousand words this morning, but I will say a few more things. We are here today when the Repub-lican-led Senate is on track to work fewer days in 2016 than in any year since 1956, when I was in high school. Republicans owe the taxpayers who fund their paychecks an apology—and they really do—for showing up to work fewer days this year than any Senate in all those many decades. One would think the Republicans would be embarrassed by their indo-lence—but apparently not. Instead of apologizing for their absenteeism, Re-publicans are demanding even more time off. Today I read in the newspaper—there are news accounts all over the coun-try—that Republicans are whining about being asked to show up to do their jobs. They are asking for more weeks of recess. They are saying that Democrats are holding up what we are doing in Congress—how about that. We are so far down the road here that not much can be done because we are in what we call postcloture procedure in almost everything we do around here. We are going to vote in just a few hours, and it will be another time when we can’t do anything because we are postcloture. But that is the calendar the Republican leader set. We didn’t. That is the calendar we should stick to, I guess, is what we are being told. Let’s black off a few more days. It is scary, but that is what they want. If we take more time off, the Senate will not have just worked fewer days in any year since 1956, but we may have to go back further in history to find a Senate that worked as few days as this one—a long time back. So I have a short answer for the Re-publicans who complain about being asked to earn their paychecks. Cry us all a river. Stop complaining about not having enough time off. People out there who are watching this work different kinds of jobs. Some are retired, but they worked. They know what it is like to work. They never gave themselves extra weeks of vacation whenever they felt like it and neither should Senate Republicans. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP Mr. REID. Mr. President, working people in our great country are tired of being ripped off by really rich people— some who are billionaires and some who claim they are billionaires. During the financial crisis, Wall Street took 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE6.000 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5892 September 20, 2016 
Main Street to the cleaners. Oh, did it hurt the State of Nevada—all of Ne-vada: Reno, Las Vegas—and it clob-bered rural Nevada. American families lost their savings, their livelihoods, and their businesses because of the greed of a few. The last thing the American people want or need is a President who will run another finan-cial scam on each of them. If elected, Donald Trump would be the scammer in chief. Trump is a fraud. That is the word that I chose. He was born with an inheritance, but he lost his daddy’s wealth. That is why Donald Trump won’t release his tax returns. That is certainly one of the reasons, of course. He is not worth nearly as much as he claims to be. That is the secret he doesn’t want anyone to know. He wants everyone to think he is the big, rich, rich man. We know that Trump lies about his money. I am not making that up. He once admitted he assesses his net worth on a whim. This is what he said during one of his many, many deposi-tions, which is a court proceeding where you gather evidence, and he has appeared before many for his deposi-tions. This is what he said on one occa-sion in his many sworn statements. I keep stressing that this is one of a multitude of lawsuits to which he has been a party. This is Donald Trump talking: ‘‘My net worth fluctuates, and it goes up and down with markets and with attitudes and with feelings, even my own feelings.’’ Simply put, Trump is faking his net worth because he doesn’t want us to know that he is not a good business-man and he is not as rich as he would have us believe. Donald Trump’s business record speaks for itself. He has ruined com-pany after company, hotel after hotel. Over the last couple of decades, we know of at least six of his companies that have gone into bankruptcy. There are Trump’s other business ventures, such as Trump Steaks. Yes, that was really one—Trump Steaks, those things you eat. There was Trump Mag-azine, those things you read, and Trump University, those places where you are supposed to get educated. They were all flops. Trump claims to be a titan in the real estate industry, but the Wash-ington Post has reported that he doesn’t crack the list of major real es-tate buyers in New York City, let alone the country. Earlier this year, the New York Times reported that Trump has such a bad business reputation that banks do not wish to lend him money. In lieu of real business success, Don-ald Trump resorts to scams like Trump University. That is a doozy, but that is one of the best scams. Now, with Trump University, he ripped off every-one from students interested in real es-tate to retirees looking to invest their savings. Trump University is under in-vestigation by the New York Office of the Attorney General, and he is the de-fendant in two other class action law-suits. Why? Because he cheated people. He cheated them. Litigation is nothing new to Donald Trump. Over the last decade and a half, Trump and his companies have been sued in Federal court 72 times. That doesn’t take into consideration the many times he has been sued in State courts. There have been 72 Federal cases and many more times in State courts. But Trump, being the flimflammer that he is, just moves on to another scheme. He even cheats charities. He has a charity—using a broad definition of a ‘‘charity’’—called the Trump Founda-tion. Trump started his charity be-cause he is desperate to get invited to fancy parties and be seen with people who give their own money. He seeks acceptance among the wealthy. Since 2008, Trump has not donated a single penny to his own charity, the Trump Foundation. Does he have the money to donate? Well, he says he should, but he doesn’t. Americans are far more generous, even though they are of mod-est means, but they contribute gener-ously to charities every day—not the Donald. No, instead, he goes to other individuals and charities and asks them to donate to his foundation. The Trump Foundation isn’t as much of a charity as it is Donald Trump’s personal ATM machine. Trump uses the money he gets from other charities to buy himself gifts. Four years ago, Trump paid $12,000 of charity resources to buy a football helmet signed by Tim Tebow. Tim Tebow, I am sure, is a fine man. His college career was terrific. He is a Heisman award winner. His profes-sional career wasn’t so good, but every-thing I know about the man indicates he is a good person. He is now 29 years old, and with his great physical at-tributes, he is trying baseball. He hasn’t played baseball since he was in high school, but he hit almost .500 his last year in high school, and I hope he does well. Here is the deal with the helmet. If Trump wants to buy Tim Tebow’s hel-met or Willie Mays’ bat or Ernie Banks’ glove—whatever he wants to buy—that is his right. But shouldn’t he use his own money? Not Donald Trump—no, he didn’t use his money to buy Tim Tebow’s helmet. He didn’t use his checkbook to buy that memora-bilia. Instead, he used the Trump Foun-dation charity money—money that was supposed to be given to somebody that needed help. So for $12,000, a big shot was bidding on a helmet, not with his own money but with the charity’s money. The Internal Revenue Service calls this sort of thing self-dealing. Self- dealing is when a person spends charity money on themself. It is against the law. It is illegal. But Trump doesn’t care about what the law is. If he doesn’t have the money himself, which obviously he doesn’t, then he uses other people’s money—other people’s money that is put into his charity, and he spends it on himself. This is who the Republicans want to be our President. This is who Republicans—Leader M
CCONNELL and Speaker R YAN want this man to prepare a budget for our country? Trump can’t be trusted with his own charity. Are we supposed to be-lieve he can manage the Nation’s Treasury or provide money for our armed services or for Homeland Secu-rity? This is a man who uses charities to bilk even police officers. In 2009, Don-ald Trump asked the Charles Evans Foundation for a donation to his char-ity, the Trump Foundation. Trump told them he needed the money to do-nate to the Palm Beach, FL, Police Foundation. They gave Trump’s char-ity $150,000. Donald Trump took that money and gave it to the Palm Beach Police Foundation. He didn’t match it with a dime of his own. Trump took the Charles Evans Foundation money, and he donated it as if it were his own. Here is where the story gets even more absurd—even worse. What kind of man is this person running for Presi-dent? Well, here is a slight indication. When the Palm Beach Police Founda-tion wanted to use Trump’s South Florida resort to honor him for his gift—remember, the gift was from somebody else, but he claimed credit for it—Trump charged them for the event, for the room, and for the food. It is estimated that the Palm Beach Po-lice Foundation paid Trump and his hotel operation $200,000 to honor him-self. Donald Trump ran a hustle on many different charities and netted his resort money, and he didn’t spend a penny of his own money along the way. Trump never worries about being caught because he financially rewards the people who would investigate the racket he perpetuates. In 2013, the at-torney general of Florida, Pam Bondi, announced she was joining the New York investigation into Trump Univer-sity. Four days after announcing the probe, Donald Trump sent $25,000 to her campaign. The attorney general’s of-fice announced almost immediately that it would not be investigating Trump University and would not join with the State of New York. Guess what money Trump used to persuade the attorney general to change her mind. Was it his money? Oh, no. Was it money from his charity? You got it. Of course, that is illegal, but he did it anyway and got credit from the attor-ney general of Florida. How can Senator M
CCONNELL and Speaker R
YANcontinue to endorse this man? How can Republicans close their eyes to the fact that this swindler is running for President and he is ripping off the American people and our gov-ernment? This Republican Congress has spent millions of your tax dollars on political hit jobs masquerading as investiga-tions. They have spent untold amounts of money on Benghazi, on emails, and they found nothing, of course—zero— and they have acknowledged that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.002 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5893 September 20, 2016 
So I have another job for them. Why don’t they investigate Donald Trump? They can do it quickly. They are all set to do this. They don’t mind spending taxpayer dollars. All these investiga-tions of the Clinton operation have al-ways been taxpayer dollars. They should take a cue from the attorney general of the State of New York and hold Trump accountable for scamming charities, the IRS, and the American people. Donald Trump desperately wants people to believe that he is a brilliant, rich, rich businessman. In reality he is a silver-spoon-toting fraud who would never make it in the real world with-out his father’s money. That is why Trump’s entire business career has been one scam after another, such as in Atlantic City where he cheated every-body and got rich at the expense of others. If there is one reason Atlantic City has gone downhill—and it has—it is Donald Trump. He is always looking for a mark, some victim for one of his scams, be-cause he is incapable of making money honestly. Now our country is Trump’s next target. He wants this to be the biggest payoff ever. Mr. President, I think it is time to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 516, H.R. 5325, a bill making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I can still recall the first briefing I had as a Member of Congress on something called HIV/AIDS. I didn’t know much about it. I heard the words, but I didn’t understand them until this briefing brought to mind and brought to light the serious threat this was to the health of thousands of people in the United States and around the world. It was a frightening moment. The infor-mation we received led us to believe quite honestly that this was the public health crisis of our time. There was a response that I was sur-prised by. Despite all the controversy around all the values and issues, Presi-dent Ronald Reagan and his Surgeon General Koop stepped forward and showed real leadership. Some argued that President Reagan waited too long. I am going to put that argument aside. The day came when the Surgeon General sent a letter to every American family telling them the threat of this public health crisis. It was the right thing to do. We dealt with it in an honest, forthright way. We appropriated massive amounts of money for treatment research, and we have come a long way in saving the lives of many who were threatened by this deadly disease. It is rare when a President of the United States steps up and says to the American people: We have a public health crisis. Because it is so rare, we should take it very seriously. In February of this year, President Obama made that plea to Congress about a new public health crisis involv-ing the Zika infection. Zika, of course, is borne by mosquitoes. There is evi-dence in countries around the world that when these mosquitoes bite some-one and infect them, it has a negative health consequence, particularly on pregnant women and the babies they carry. President Obama came to Congress in February of this year and in a rare mo-ment announced that we had an emer-gency, a public health crisis that need-ed to be addressed. He asked for $1.9 billion to eradicate the mosquitoes and also to develop a vaccine to protect in-nocent Americans. I took that seriously. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in Congress did not. It wasn’t until May, some 3 months later, that the Senate passed a response to the President’s request for this public health emergency called Zika. We passed a bill that had about $1.1 billion in it—not what the Presi-dent asked for but a substantial invest-ment toward his goal of protecting America and developing a vaccine, and we passed it with an overwhelming bi-partisan vote. Some 89 Senators from both parties voted for it in May of this year. That, of course, was 4 months ago. What happened after the Senate with a strong bipartisan vote responded to the President’s request for emergency funding for a public health crisis in-volving Zika? What happened to this bill after it passed the Senate? It went to the House of Representatives. Unfor-tunately, that is where it took a bad turn. Instead of passing the obvious bi-partisan bill in response to the Presi-dent, the House Republicans insisted on delaying it further and adding pro-visions that were politically controver-sial and really were unnecessary to our goal of protecting America from this crisis. They added a provision that said that if you were a woman seeking family planning so that your pregnancy was not compromised by the Zika virus, you could not use the Planned Parent-hood agencies for those family plan-ning consultations. Why would they pick Planned Parenthood? Because the Republican Party is at war with Planned Parenthood. They are willing to stop even their family planning functions. Two million American women went to Planned Parenthood last year. They count on them for professional services they can trust and afford. The Repub-licans want to close it down. They have voted repeatedly to do that. So they chose this Zika emergency public health crisis bill to do that again. They took $500 million slated for the Veterans’ Administration to expedite the consideration of claims by our vet-erans and eliminated that money in the VA—put it toward the Zika virus. Third, they decided to suspend the authority of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency when it came to moni-toring and overseeing the chemicals that would be sprayed to kill these mosquitoes. Finally, in the ultimate political act, they put in a provision that eliminated the prohibition against displaying a Confederate flag at a U.S. military cemetery. That is what happens when legislation that starts off as very sim-ple, pointed, and direct runs amok and becomes a political freighter, carrying all of these issues. That is what happened and, of course, the Republicans in the House knew what would follow. The bill would run into resistance, and the Senate would be bogged down. Instead of taking the simple funding bill the Senate passed overwhelmingly with a bipartisan vote, the Republicans complicated the situa-tion dramatically and brought the whole conversation to a stop. So here we are today. The President’s request was in February; we are now in September. Congress has yet to send the President the resources he asked for. At what cost? Well, we know the cost. At this point we estimate that by the end of the year in Puerto Rico, 25 percent of the people on that island will be infected with the Zika virus, in-cluding presently about 1,000 women in Puerto Rico. We know that they are in danger and that the babies they give birth to will have serious life-threat-ening birth defects because of that in-fection—an infection that might have been slowed down or even avoided had this Congress under Republican control responded to President Obama’s re-quest for emergency public health funding for this Zika epidemic. As of last week there were 20,870 re-ported cases of Zika in the United States and its territories. That in-cluded 1,897 pregnant women, and in Il-linois there are 70 of these women. We estimate about 700 or 800 women in America in the continental United States have been infected by this virus, with another 1,000, as I mentioned, in Puerto Rico. If we had responded quickly in a re-sponsible bipartisan way when the President made his request, I don’t know whether some of these families and women and their babies could have been spared. We will never know, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.003 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5894 September 20, 2016 
we do know this for sure: The Repub-lican-led Congress ignored the Presi-dent’s request, refused to send the money he asked for, and we are paying a heavy price as a nation—not as heavy a price as these women who sadly have a tragedy on their hands that maybe could have been avoided if Congress had responded in a timely fashion. Seven months without congressional action for an emergency public health crisis called Zika is shameful. Let’s not wait another day before we leave here to go back and campaign, before each party returns home to brag about what they have achieved or can achieve. Let’s do our job when it comes to this Zika crisis. Let’s make sure the con-tinuing resolution that keeps the gov-ernment’s lights on also turns on the lights at the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention and at the Na-tional Institutes of Health so that we start reducing the number of people in-fected and also developing a vaccine to protect innocent families across the United States and perhaps around the world. That is something we des-perately need to do. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
Mr. President, the for-profit college and university industry is the most heavily federally subsidized profit-making private business in America, bar none. Most of these for-profit col-leges and universities, like the Univer-sity of Phoenix, Kaplan, and others, have decided they want to tap into our Federal Treasury for anywhere up to 90 or 95 percent of all the revenue that comes through their universities and schools. There is no other business in Amer-ica so dependent on Federal subsidies as for-profit colleges and universities. What happens? The Federal Treasury sends money to the students who apply to these schools in the form of grants and loans. The money is then trans-ferred to the school, and the student has a debt they have to cope with when it comes to the money that is borrowed from the Federal Government. What happens in those circumstances where the school goes out of business? We saw it with Corinthian last year, one of the largest for-profit colleges and universities, and we just saw it 2 weeks ago with a group called ITT Tech. Here is what happens. Students have debt incurred at these for-profit schools like ITT Tech. They are ap-proached by the Department of Edu-cation which offers them two options. The first option is, if you were a stu-dent at the school when it closed or you withdrew 120 days before it went out of business, you have a choice. You can keep your credit hours that you earned at ITT Tech and the debt in-curred in earning them or walk away from both. Also, if you happen to have been de-frauded by these schools, you have something called defense to repay-ment. If they misled you about the courses you were going to take, how much they would cost, what kind of loans were available to you, what kind of job you may have after graduation, then you, too, can raise that as a de-fense and potentially have your federal student loan debt forgiven. That is an option that many ITT Tech students now have. There is another aspect of this that we should not overlook. These schools do not just exploit students who are fresh out of high school or coming from some other place, unfortunately, they defraud veterans. Veterans using GI bill benefits at ITT Tech have been un-fairly affected by this company’s prac-tices and now its closure and bank-ruptcy. For years, ITT Tech has been a major recipient of GI bill benefits. Ac-cording to the 2014 report by Senator Tom Harkin’s HELP Committee, ITT Tech was the third largest recipient in 2012 and 2013, receiving $161 million in GI bill funds. When it closed earlier this month, an estimated 7,000 veterans were enrolled at the school that has now gone out of business. Not only have these veterans used up part or, in some cases, all of their limited GI bill education benefits, some of them relied on VA housing as-sistance to pay their rent and afford a place to live for themselves and their families. Veterans can only receive this hous-ing stipend if they are enrolled in a school that qualifies for GI bill bene-fits. So the closure of ITT Tech has put these veterans and their families at risk of being unable to afford their cur-rent housing, disrupting their lives. I support a bipartisan bill introduced by my colleagues Senators B
LUMENTHAL  and T
ILLIS , a bipartisan bill to rein-state GI bill education benefits in cer-tain cases and give the Secretary of the VA the authority to temporarily ex-tend housing benefits to vets, including those who attended ITT Tech. This bill, called the Department of Veterans Affairs Veterans Education Relief and Restoration Act or VERRA, was included in a larger bipartisan VA reform package that I hope the Senate will still take up this year. But the clo-sure of ITT Tech makes the need to pass VERRA urgent. I urge my col-leagues to join me in passing this com-mon-sense, bipartisan legislation be-fore we adjourn. I urge them to stop and reflect on the fact that these for- profit schools are exploiting students and families, members of the military and their families, and veterans across the United States. Why, in good conscience, are we al-lowing this to continue? It is time for us to put some standards of conduct on this for-profit university industry that has taken so much money from our Federal Treasury, from $25 to $30 bil-lion a year. These heavily subsidized, crony capitalist operations are a dis-grace. Ten percent of all students enrolled in postsecondary education attend for- profit colleges and universities. Forty percent of all the student loan defaults are from the students at these for-prof-it colleges and universities. Their tui-tions are outrageously high, their di-plomas are outrageously worthless, and many students and innocent people pay a heavy price. I will close with a story about one of them I represent. Laura Cotton is one of those students who was misled by ITT Tech. She is a single mom in Oak Lawn, IL, working part time. She saw the come-on advertising of ITT Tech, had a lot of conversations with their recruiters about their great programs and the job she would get with an ITT Tech degree. She said they never bothered to talk to her about what it was going to cost and how she was going to pay for it. She ended up enrolling in an online criminal justice program. According to Laura, most of the courses had nothing to do with her program of study. ITT Tech would just send her paperwork to sign, more loans, Federal and private. She ended up dropping out of ITT Tech when she finally added up all of the money they had enticed her to bor-row. Laura has a debt of $98,000 from ITT Tech and nothing—no degree, nothing to show for it. In a letter she sent me, Laura wrote: ‘‘My American dream of home owner-ship, purchasing a new car, giving my kids an education has suffered because my credit is now shot.’’ I wish Laura’s story was unique. I wish more Members of the Senate and Congress would sit down and talk to people just like her who have been vic-tims of these for-profit colleges and universities. When are we going to ac-cept our responsibility to clean up this shameful industry? I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I came to talk on a different topic, but it is interesting because I noticed the front-page story of the Washington Post about a for-profit college not too many weeks ago. Headline: ‘‘Inside Bill Clinton’s nearly $18 million job as ‘hon-orary chancellor’ of a for-profit col-lege.’’ I just heard this Senator talk about somebody signing something, and this article refers to this for-profit college that signed Bill Clinton to a lucrative deal as a consultant and honorary chancellor, paying him $17.6 million over 5 years. It is very disturbing be-cause it says: 
The guest list for a private State Depart-ment dinner on higher-education policy was taking shape when Secretary of State Hil-lary Clinton offered a suggestion. 
It says: 
In addition to recommending invitations for the leaders from a community college and a church-funded institution, Clinton wanted a representative from a for-profit college company called Laureate Inter-national University, which, she explained in her email to her chief of staff that was re-leased just last year, was ‘‘the fastest grow-ing college network in the world.’’ There was another reason Clinton favored setting a seat aside for Laureate at the Au-gust 2009 event: The company was started by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.004 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5895 September 20, 2016 
a businessman, Doug Becker, ‘‘who Bill likes a lot. . . . ’’ Nine months later, Laureate signed Bill Clinton to a lucrative deal as a consultant and ‘‘honorary chancellor,’’ paying him $17.6 million over 5 years. 
So when I hear another colleague from the Senate come to the floor and talk about for-profit colleges and make reference to the fact that something needs to be done about it, it seems ob-vious to me that Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, they had something to do with it as well, and a $17.6 million con-tract—consultant fee, honorary chan-cellor—to Bill Clinton. 
PRESIDENT OBAMA ’S LEGACY  
Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk on a separate matter. We are just 4 months away from an inauguration of the next President. So President Obama is spending lots of time going around trying to polish his legacy. He is doing it today at the United Nations. The facts we see and Americans across the country see are very dif-ferent than what President Obama is trying to paint as his legacy. The President’s legacy of failure—we see it in the President’s health care law. Many people feel deceived by the Presi-dent when they find themselves paying much more for health care. Many peo-ple have been hurt by the law. Repub-licans are trying to provide relief for the damage the President has done. The President’s legacy of failure con-tinues in foreign policy. America’s power, prestige, and respect around the world has declined, and in many places evaporated under President Obama. Today I want to talk about the dev-astating legacy the President has left in terms of failure regarding his eco-nomic policies. According to a recent Gallup poll, people say the economy is the biggest problem facing this country today. The No. 2 concern in the poll was a tie be-tween unemployment and dissatisfac-tion with government. After 7
1⁄2years of a very poor recovery from the reces-sion, it is easy to see why Americans are so concerned about their own jobs, their own economy, and their own fu-ture. It is also easy to see why there is a lack of faith with regard to the Obama administration, in terms of their abil-ity to even know how to grow a strong and healthy economy. President Obama took office during a recession. The recession ended in June of 2009, just a few months after the President was in office so that was more than 7 years ago. America has an economy that has been crawling on its hands and knees ever since. Normally, after a recession, an economy bounces back, does it vig-orously, with great strength—never happened this time. Under President Obama, the country has been struggling with the weakest recovery in the last 60 years. Millions and millions of Americans have been left behind, and they feel it. Going back to 1950, the average annual growth for our economy has been 3.25 percent a year. So over 3 percent growth a year, on average, since the year 1950. Through good times and bad, an average of 3 percent a year. President Obama’s average the past 7 years has been less than half of that. For the past three economic quarters, it has been growing at a 1.1-percent an-nual rate, 0.9 percent, 0.8 percent, well below average when it comes to his economic policies. That is not a legacy of which to be proud. This nonexistent Obama recovery means too many Americans have gone too long without being able to find a job. There are still close to 16 million Americans who are either unemployed or underemployed who are seeking to find full-time work. Many of these are part-time workers who are trying to go and find full-time work. Many others have given up looking for work entirely. They have tried, they can’t find anything, and they have quit actually looking so they are not even counted in the unemployment numbers. This is not a legacy for which anybody should be proud. I ask the President is he proud of this legacy. Last month, the Congressional Budg-et Office came out with some new num-bers about Washington’s debt. The American people know the President has added considerably to the debt of this country. He came into office, he immediately started running deficits of $1 trillion a year—the President’s so- called stimulus package. No one had ever seen deficits like that before. Of course, as each deficit gets added to the debt, the debt accu-mulates with deficit spending each year, but that wasn’t enough for this President. Oh, no. Then, he pushes a health care law that burdens taxpayers with trillions of dollars of additional debt. According to this new report, Wash-ington’s deficit is going to be 35 per-cent higher this year than it was last year. That just keeps adding to our na-tional debt. Is President Obama proud of this legacy? Is he proud he is im-pacting our children, our grand-children, sticking them with a tax bill they will never be able to repay? There was another report that came out of the Census Bureau last week. It said the average family income actu-ally did go up from 2014 to 2015 by 5 per-cent. That leaves us with an average family income that is still below the numbers from before the recession, from back in 2007. We are still below that level. Five percent may sound good for that year—until you realize that health in-surance premiums under the Obama health care law are going up 20 to 30 percent all across the country. The Wall Street Journal came out last week with a piece that said: ‘‘America Gets a Raise, Finally.’’ A raise for American families is good news. It should happen every year. But why didn’t it happen sooner? Well, be-cause of the policies of the Obama ad-ministration—policies such as higher taxes, more regulations. The average family income is still $900 less than it was in 2007. There are still 43 million Americans living in poverty. If Presi-dent Obama is proud of his legacy, let him stand up and say it. But is he real-ly proud of a legacy of making America wait so long for so little? Here is how the Wall Street Journal put it in its editorial: Last year’s encouraging progress doesn’t obscure the reality that neither the economy nor workers are reaching their full potential. The next President can build on this late up-tick by changing policy direction. 
That is what we need to do—change direction and policy. That is the key. These failed economic policies over the past 7
1⁄2years don’t just belong to President Obama. They belong to Democrats in Congress who have been pushing—and continue to push—along this line of more government, more spending, more regulations, and less in-dividual choice. These are the same ideas that have robbed Americans of opportunities every single time the Democrats have tried it. Although President Obama and the Democrats in Congress may think the pace of this recovery has been good enough, Republicans in the Senate know this is an economy which is no-where near as good as it should be or could be. We are focused on policies that promote real job growth so Ameri-cans can get off the sidelines and back onto a career path. Republicans are focused on policies that free our economy—free the econ-omy to grow like it should, not just hobble along with the lackluster pace of the last 7 years. We are focused on policies that will rein in Washington out-of-control debt and regulations. That is the way that our children and grandchildren can af-ford to live the lives they would like, not just paying for Democrats’ mis-takes. We are focused on policies that allow Americans to get paid what they de-serve, not just one raise every 7 years or 8 years. Republicans are ready to move beyond the President’s legacy of failure and to help the American econ-omy really get moving again. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant majority leader. 
FIGHTING TERRORISM  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we con-tinue to learn more and more about the terrorist attacks that occurred last weekend on American soil. In just a short time span, on Saturday a number of innocent people became the targets of attacks in Manhattan, New Jersey, and Minnesota. In Manhattan, as we know, a bomb went off in the Chelsea neighborhood, injuring almost 30 peo-ple. Thanks to a very alert citizen, a second device—found just a few blocks away—was dismantled and did not cause any additional damages. If that hadn’t happened, obviously many more casualties would have been likely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.006 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5896 September 20, 2016 
In neighboring New Jersey, a bomb exploded near the site of a charity race to benefit marines and their families. More bombs were found in a backpack near a train station in Elizabeth, NJ. As we have seen in the news in Min-nesota, also on Saturday, it was re-ported that a man with a knife began attacking innocent passersby in a mall. He stabbed nine people. The day after the attack, the Islamic State, or ISIS, took credit. A news out-let associated with the terrorist army called the jihadist a ‘‘soldier of the Is-lamic State.’’ Thank goodness no lives were lost in that attack. In every case, law enforce-ment authorities and first responders acted swiftly in order to minimize the damage. But the point is that we are living in dangerous and tumultuous times. Just last week we celebrated the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on our country. I shouldn’t use the word ‘‘celebrated.’’ We actually memorialized those terrible attacks that took the lives of about 3,000 Amer-icans. This week we find ourselves trying to make some sense of the violence car-ried out last weekend. The only ration-al thing for us to do here at home is to remain vigilant. As the Department of Homeland Security likes to say, if you see something, say something. Situational awareness is always im-portant for public safety, but we could do a lot more than just equipping the American people with a slogan that al-lows them to maintain situational awareness. In Congress, we need to make sure we provide all the tools nec-essary to our military, to our law en-forcement, and to our first responders to protect the men and women whom we represent—the American people. That means we need to consider legis-lation that supports the victims of ter-rorism and their families as well. While I am not suggesting this is going to be a deterrent to terrorist attacks, just maybe it will provide some measure of justice to the families who have lost loved ones as a result of terrorist at-tacks on American soil. Yesterday I talked about one small piece of that effort, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. This is one way we could do that and help these family members find some measure of closure and justice. Simply, what it would do is to extend existing law that has been on the books since the late 1970s that would allow these families to hold foreign govern-ments—that have helped finance and facilitated attacks on American soil— accountable in our courts of law. In just a few minutes, I will have the chance to meet with several of the fam-ilies of the victims of 9/11. I have to tell you that these men and women have been a remarkable example of courage and resilience for all of us. They want and they deserve a path to justice. I hope the President stops holding up Congress from voting to override the veto he promised on this legislation. Better yet, I would hope the President would reconsider his stated intention to veto the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. It makes no mention of any particular country. It doesn’t de-cide the merits of the lawsuit that will be brought. All it does is give these families access to a court of law where they can make their case if they can. The President said he is going to veto it, but my question is this: What is he waiting for? It has been on his desk since about a week ago. Why is he making these families wait even longer for justice? If he is going to veto it, he should do it—to stop mak-ing everybody wait on his timeline. I hope that when the President does veto this legislation—if he is deter-mined to do that—we will quickly vote to override. I am confident we will, given the fact that this legislation passed by unanimous consent in the Senate and was supported by all Mem-bers of the House of Representatives. Another way we could help guard against homegrown extremism in our country is by better equipping our law enforcement personnel to track down and ultimately detain potential terror-ists to stop the acts of terror before they occur—not just after they occur— and conducting an investigation and holding the person responsible account-able. Wouldn’t it be great and better if we could actually stop these attacks before they occur? One way we could do that is by fixing the current gap in our laws for what is called the electronic communications and transactions records. That is a mouthful. Basically, what that would do is allow the FBI to use national security letters, which they can already do in a terrorism in-vestigation, to access not just finan-cial, not just phone records but also computer metadata—not content but just the Internet protocol addresses on computers in terrorist investigations— in order to put together the pieces to be able to make the case to stop ter-rorist attacks in the first place. As I have said before—and I will say again—we expect our law enforcement personnel to prevent these attacks by connecting the dots. But before you can connect the dots, you have to col-lect dots, and that is what this impor-tant tool would help to do. In today’s Internet age, our law en-forcement personnel need these tools to fight terrorists, plain and simple. Our friend, the senior Senator from Ar-izona, Mr. M
CCAIN, has been a great leader on this issue. I hope this Cham-ber acts on this and other similar legis-lation before an attack occurs, not after. Fundamentally, at the root of the problem with the Islamic State oper-ating in the Middle East in Syria, Iraq, and in a number of other countries, is that our President—the Commander in Chief of our military—doesn’t have a strategy to combat and defeat this threat. We let them establish a de facto state in the heart of the Middle East by pre-cipitously withdrawing our military personnel from Iraq and leaving a vacu-um. We should have learned what hap-pens from the horrible lesson of 9/11 and Al Qaeda when we create power vacuums in the Middle East. Ulti-mately, this will provide a place for the terrorists to train, organize, and ulti-mately find a way to attack us here at home. When they can’t physically come here, what they do is they radicalize people on the Internet, en-couraging them to kill Americans here in place. President Obama has called the Is-lamic State the JV team. Well, how in the world can a JV team resist the most powerful military in the world— the United States military? That is be-cause the President has tied the arm of our military behind its back and basi-cally is fighting a war of contain-ment—not a war where victory and de-feat of our opponents is the objective. It really looks as if the President is trying to run out the clock for the re-mainder of his term without doing the hard work and the necessary work to implement a strategy to actually de-feat this threat. Because the President didn’t take ISIS and its affiliates seri-ously, we now see them export their dangerous ideology to our shores. We saw that again just recently last Sat-urday in Minnesota. We saw that in Or-lando with a shooter who killed 49 peo-ple and injured 50 more, who declared allegiance to the leader of the Islamic State. Unfortunately, this joins the list of other ISIS-inspired attacks through-out the country, as I said, from Or-lando to San Bernardino and now to Minnesota. We simply cannot sit back and just let them do their deadly deeds. We must have a strategy. We have to im-plement that strategy, both abroad and here at home. Unfortunately, the President is exer-cising extreme reluctance in terms of addressing the threat. We know his wait-and-see approach has not worked, and we continue to see the dangerous consequences here at home. SYRIAN REFUGEES  
Mr. President, there is another con-sequence to the President’s failure to deal with this threat in the Middle East. This has to do with what Am-nesty International has called the worst refugee crisis in over 70 years. What happens overseas doesn’t nec-essarily stay overseas. America is the most generous country in the world when it comes to accepting refugees, when it comes to naturalizing people as American citizens who were born else-where. But the President has stated an intention to settle about 10,000 Syrian refugees in the United States just this year. He is conducting a conference today, Tuesday, where he will lead a summit on the need to take in addi-tional Syrian refugees. He has now stated that his administration’s goal is to raise the 10,000 limit of Syrian refu-gees to 110,000 Syrian refugees by next October. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.007 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5897 September 20, 2016 
Not to be outdone, Secretary Clinton has said she wants to have at least 65,000 additional Syrian refugees. We all believe in being humanitarian and compassionate in dealing with the needs of refugees, but I would bet that every single one—or the overwhelming majority of these refugees—would rath-er live in place in the country of their birth than be displaced to a new and strange country as refugees. We know the danger of improperly vetting refugees is a real threat to our safety and security here at home, but apparently the President is not paying any attention to that—calling now for an additional 100,000 Syrian refugees by next October. Sadly, about 5 million people have been displaced by the war in Syria. We know that after the President said Bashar al-Assad would be held ac-countable after he crossed a red line, using chemical weapons against his own people, basically nothing hap-pened. That emboldened Russia, our adversary, to get a toehold in Syria. It allowed them to ally with the country of Iran and terrorist groups such as Hezbollah to actually try to maintain Bashar al-Assad in office—something this President and his administration said shall not stand. In Syria alone, nearly 5 million refu-gees have left that country. We know they have gone to bordering countries such as Turkey. I visited some of those refugee camps. They have been to Jor-dan. They are relocating in places such as northern Iraq, where the financial burden is shaking the very foundations of the regional government there. And we know that many of these refugees have made their way into Europe, caus-ing instability there—a potential dan-ger when refugees are not particularly well vetted to determine whether they bring with them a dangerous ideology which will be perhaps deadly to people living in those areas, places such as Germany and France, just to mention a couple. This President seems to be abso-lutely blind to the consequences of his failure to have any effective strategy to deal with the Islamic State, whether it is abroad or here at home, or con-sequences he may not even tie to his failure to deal with this threat, such as the refugee crisis we have seen in Eu-rope and elsewhere. The answer to dealing with this evil is not just to accept more refugees, the answer is to have an effective strategy to provide no-fly and no-drive zones where Syrians can actually continue to live in Syria without fear of being mur-dered by either Bashar al-Assad and his allies, Iran and Russia, or Al Qaeda af-filiates or the Islamic State. That would be a better answer, and I bet they would agree. Most of these refu-gees would rather live in the country of their birth rather than be displaced in the Middle East, Europe, or even the United States. Unfortunately, under the leadership of this President, what we have seen is one consequence after another. I hope the President will finally come up with a strategy to dismantle and defeat ISIS, but I am not holding my breath. And obviously his days as President of the United States are numbered. There are, however, things we could do here in the Congress to draft solid legislation that will at least protect the American people here in our home-land by providing additional tools for our law enforcement personnel to col-lect the dots so they can connect the dots. It is not enough to just prosecute the guilty once people are murdered or injured by a terrorist attack; we need to make sure our law enforcement per-sonnel—the FBI and others—have the tools they need to stop these attacks before they occur, if it is humanly pos-sible to do so. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a news article from today’s Washington Examiner entitled ‘‘Days after attacks, Obama pitches more refugees.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Examiner, Sept. 20, 2016] D
AYSAFTER ATTACKS , OBAMA PITCHES MORE R
EFUGEES  (By Susan Crabtree) President Obama on Tuesday will lead a special summit on the need to take in Syrian refugees, just days after weekend terrorist attacks that are raising more questions about whether the U.S. should be cracking down on immigration instead of opening the doors further. Plans for Obama to lead the summit were months in the making, long before Ahmad Khan Rahami allegedly planted a pressure cooker bomb in New York that detonated, injuring 29 people. Rahami, a naturalized U.S. citizen born in Afghanistan, is also thought to be responsible for bombs discov-ered in New Jersey. The incident puts real pressure on Obama to make the case for taking in thousands of additional refugees, in the face of calls from Donald Trump and other Republican critics who say it’s time to tighten the rules, not ease them. Obama’s critics say the timing couldn’t be worse. ‘‘The timing of the summit just reinforces the idea that we need to get a handle on our refugee program,’’ Rep. Brian Babin, R– Texas, told the Washington Examiner. ‘‘There is a clear and present danger posed to our national security by these poorly vetted refugees that are pouring in, and the presi-dent continues to double down on his inten-tions to bring in more and more of the indi-viduals from hot spots like Syria.’’ Babin last week wrote a letter to Speaker Paul Ryan, R–Wis., urging him to include provisions in the continuing resolution to fund the government that would place a mor-atorium on refugees coming from terrorist hotbeds in Syria, the Middle East and North Africa. Thirty-seven House GOP colleagues signed onto the letter. The Texas Republican said his effort to put a halt to the admission of the refugees is even more important after this weekend’s terrorist attacks in New York, New Jersey and Minnesota. ‘‘The people of the United States and of Western Europe are getting very weary about the politically correct pressure that is being brought to bear by Obama and the U.N. to take in people,’’ including those that top U.S. national security officials have said we ‘‘cannot properly vet.’’ FBI Director James Comey, Department of Homeland Security Director Jeh Johnson and Director of National Security James Clapper have each testified to Congress over the last year that they couldn’t certify that every single refugee admitted into the United States was not a security threat. Those officials have all testified before sev-eral congressional panels about the chal-lenges and information gaps that exist when screening refugees and have emphasized that there is no risk-free process. Comey, how-ever, specifically has said the State Depart-ment and other agencies have ‘‘dramati-cally’’ improved the process over the past few years, and over the past few months, when it comes to Syrian refugees. Holding Obama’s U.N. summit meeting just after the weekend terrorist bombings is also causing headaches for Hillary Clinton, who has called for increasing U.S. admis-sions of Syrian refugees to 65,000. Her oppo-nent has taken full advantage. Just hours after the Rahami was arrested, Trump blasted Clinton for supporting poli-cies like the admission of Syrian refugees, which he said would allow radical Islamic groups to ‘‘continue their savagery and mur-der.’’ The Republican presidential nominee and other GOP critics have also assailed the Obama administration over a new Depart-ment of Homeland Security Inspector Gen-eral report that said the agency mistakenly granted citizenship to at least 858 immi-grants from countries deemed to pose secu-rity concerns to the U.S. ‘‘We need to get smart and get tough fast so that this weekend’s attacks do not be-come the new normal here as it has in Eu-rope and other parts of the world,’’ Trump said in a statement Monday. Christian Whiton, a former senior State Department adviser in the George W. Bush administration, said Obama’s and Clinton’s insistence on pushing for the admission of more Syrian refugees is playing into Trump’s hands in the final weeks of the elec-tion. ‘‘If you look at polls—only 35 percent of Americans want Syrian refugees to come here—I think they instinctively know that these people cannot be vetted,’’ Whiton said. After the weekend’s bombings and Obama’s U.N. summit, he predicted that Clinton would have a very difficult time defending her push for more Syrian refugees on the campaign trail. ‘‘Hillary is pathologically committed to bringing more refugees here, knowing full well that there will be Islamists and jihadists among them,’’ he told the Exam-iner. ‘‘How can she possibly think the gov-ernment can screen out those who adhere to radical Islam if she won’t even name that threat?’’ ‘‘The twin pillars of Hillary’s worldview are globalism and multiculturalism,’’ he said. ‘‘She’s just too committed to this or-thodoxy to accept that Americans don’t want jihadists brought here by their own government.’’ Obama is scheduled to address the United Nations Tuesday with broad remarks about the state of U.S. foreign policy, which will undoubtedly include a call for more admis-sions of Syrian refugees into the U.S. and other countries around the world. In the afternoon, he will host the Leaders Summit on Refugees and underscore the gravity of the refugee crisis in which more than 65 million have been displaced world-wide, the largest number since World War II, according to the White House. From Syria alone, nearly 5 million refu-gees have left the war-torn country, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.008 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5898 September 20, 2016 
Samantha Power, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, told reporters late last week in previewing the summit. ‘‘All of these individuals, every one of these numbers is a face and a person with a family,’’ she said. ‘‘They are facing very un-certain futures and they’re looking to the rest of the world and to the U.N., of course, for help.’’ Power said several countries, including the U.S., are going to be pledging more slots for the resettlement of refugees. ‘‘You’re going to see a range of announcements by different world leaders,’’ she said. The U.S. under Obama’s direction has ad-mitted 10,000 Syrian refugees already this year, and will increase those commitments in the final months of his administration, with the goal of accepting 110,000 Syrian ref-ugees by next October. But that figure will depend on the next president’s views and policies. Power also argued that the U.S. can admit the refugees while ‘‘ensuring our own secu-rity.’’ ‘‘As a country that’s admitted 3.2 million refugees since the 1970s, we are more than capable of doing that and ensuring our own security, and the highest levels of security checks are in place for the refugee program,’’ she told reporters. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Arkan-sas. 
TRIBUTE TO JESS FORSTER  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize Jess Forster of Little Rock as this week’s Arkansan of the Week for her work as the K–8 direc-tor at eStem Public Charter Schools in Little Rock. First, it is important to note that Jess received a record four nomina-tions from different people in Arkansas to be the Arkansan of the Week—an early indication of the tremendous im-pact she has on the Little Rock com-munity and the State of Arkansas. Jess is in her second year as the kin-dergarten through eighth grade direc-tor at eStem, where she is known for her tireless dedication to her job and her positive attitude. For example, last year Jess handwrote 1,000 personalized, encouraging notes to students before State testing. The notes took weeks to finish, but Jess never abandoned the task. And to say her students were thrilled would be an understatement. One of her colleagues wrote: 
Since Jess has taken on the Director role, I have seen more positivity in the hallways not only with our teachers but with our stu-dents as well. I feel our school is one big family and community and Mrs. Forster is our mom. 
Jess’s positive attitude and dedica-tion doesn’t end with her students; her fellow faculty and staff members also benefit immensely from their relation-ships with her. Each Friday Jess recog-nizes eStem’s teachers’ hard work by personally distributing notes and snacks that usually align with the theme she has chosen. Her positive spirit is contagious for all those who know her. Another of Jess’s colleagues said: 
At one of her first meetings with the fac-ulty, she discussed values and the impor-tance they have in our daily lives—whether they be at the workplace or at home. One of the values we all picked was family. This is a value Jess definitely be-lieves in, and it shows. Under her lead-ership, eStem restated its mission and vision statement to the motto ‘‘Above & Beyond: It’s what WE do.’’ Jess be-lieves this phrase sets higher expecta-tions for eStem and better reflects the school’s positive community atmos-phere. Of all the nice things said about Jess in her nominations, I felt this descrip-tion was a fitting conclusion: 
Jess has had a huge impact on the eStem community, which reaches across the en-tirety of central Arkansas. She is a dedi-cated educational leader, wife and mother. I believe she should be recognized for such an outstanding performance. I cannot think of a more deserving person to be acknowledged as Arkansan of the week. 
I agree, and I am proud to recognize Jess Forster as this week’s Arkansan of the Week for her outstanding work as the K–8 director at eStem schools in Little Rock. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PRESIDENT OBAMA ’S LEGACY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the end of a Presidential administration is often a time for taking stock. In the coming months, pundits and reporters will spend a lot of time discussing President Obama’s legacy. Perhaps the real measure of the President’s legacy, I would argue, is how the American people are feeling at the end of his ad-ministration. Americans aren’t feeling too good. After 8 years of the Obama economy and President Obama’s for-eign policy, two-thirds of Americans think our Nation is on the wrong track, more than half think we are less safe than we were before September 11, and 67 percent rate our economy as ‘‘not so good’’ or ‘‘poor’’—two-thirds of Americans. It is disappointing, but it is not surprising. On the foreign policy front, here is where we stand after 8 years of the Obama administration: Terrorism is spreading. The Middle East is more hostile and dangerous. Iran is counting pallets of ransom money and in a bet-ter position to develop a nuclear weap-on. North Korea is defiantly testing nuclear weapons. Russia is more ag-gressive. China is more aggressive. I could go on and on. On the domestic front, 8 years of the Obama economy has left American families struggling. While the reces-sion technically ended 7 years ago, our economy has never really rebounded. Recoveries are usually a period of ro-bust growth. Three to four percent or more is common in a recovery. The Obama recovery, however, has aver-aged a tepid 2.1-percent growth. In fact, the Obama recovery is the worst recov-ery in 60 years, and things are actually going downhill. During the first half of 2016, the economy grew at a rate of less than 1 percent. Historically, sailors refer to the area around the Equator, where their ships could become trapped for weeks, as the doldrums. Well, that is pretty much where our economy is now—it is in the doldrums, stuck, unmoving. Our econ-omy has barely grown at all this year, and the long-term forecast is bleak. In fact, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office is estimating that our economy will grow at less than 2 per-cent for the next 10 years. What do those numbers mean? Sluggish eco-nomic growth means fewer jobs, lower incomes, and fewer opportunities. We can see the effect of the sluggish Obama economy in job creation and unemployment numbers. While the un-employment rate has decreased from its recession-level highs, part of that has been driven by individuals dropping out of the workforce. The challenge of finding a job in the Obama economy has led many individuals to simply give up looking for work altogether. Millions have dropped out of the work-force, and we now have a labor force participation rate that is near a 30- year low. If the labor force participa-tion rate were the same today as it was when President Obama took office, the current unemployment rate would be 9.1 percent. Let me repeat that because I think it is important when we talk about all these different percentages, particularly with regard to unemploy-ment. If the labor force participation rate were the same today as it was when President Obama took office, the current unemployment rate would be 9.1 percent. That is how many people have completely dropped out of the labor force. That is how many people are no longer participating in our econ-omy. On the job-creation front, the Obama recovery has again lagged far behind other recoveries. So far this year, job creation has averaged just 182,000 jobs per month—far below where it should be in a strong economy. For the Obama recovery to match the job creation of other post-1960 recoveries, job creation would have to soar to 1.37 million jobs a month for the rest of the Obama Presidency, or more than seven times the number of jobs we are currently adding. With numbers like these, it is no sur-prise that two-thirds of the American people rate the Obama economy as ‘‘not so good’’ or ‘‘poor.’’ Americans are tired. For the past 8 years, good jobs and opportunities have been few and far between. And that is not all Americans have had to contend with. They have also had to contend with the steep cost of health care. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE6.001 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5899 September 20, 2016 
President’s health care law was sup-posed to make health care more afford-able. We were told premiums for fami-lies would drop. We were told Ameri-cans would have the freedom to keep their doctor and choose affordable plans that fit their needs. Well, the re-ality has been pretty much the oppo-site. To illustrate, I would like to read a brief article that appeared a few days ago in CNN Money. The title of the ar-ticle is ‘‘Health care costs rise by most in 32 years.’’ 
Health care costs rose sharply in August. Prices for medicine, doctor appointments and health insurance rose the most last month since 1984. The price increases come amid a broader debate about climbing health care costs and high premiums for Obamacare coverage. A recent report by Kaiser/LET Employer Health Benefits forecasts that the average family health care plan will cost $18,142, up 3.4% from 2015. That’s faster than wage growth in America. Medical care costs altogether rose 1% just in August from July, according to the Con-sumer Price Index, a report on price infla-tion from the U.S. Labor Department. Premiums on the Obamacare exchanges are expected to rise by double-digits this year. Some health insurers, such as Aetna, have recently announced they would pull out of the Obamacare exchanges, saying ObamaCare patients have turned out to be sicker and costlier than expected. Overall, workers are paying more for deductibles. Over half of U.S. workers with single coverage health insurance plans pay a deductible of $1,000 or more, up from 31% of workers in 2011. And the health care price increases come as inflation overall continues to be low. Con-sumer prices altogether rose 1.1% in August compared to a year ago. 
All those statistics come from that CNN Money piece. So let’s just recap what they were describing. Prices for medicine, doctors, and health insurance are way up. The price of the average family health plan is growing faster than wages. ObamaCare premiums are soaring; individuals are facing double-digit premium increases. Deductibles are up. Insurers are pulling out of health care exchanges, reducing Americans’ choices. And health care costs are growing faster than inflation. In other words, they are taking an even greater share of Americans’ budgets. That is where we are after 6-plus years of the ‘‘Affordable’’ Care Act. I have said before that if we wanted to coin a phrase to describe Obama’s Presidency, it might be the ‘‘Presi-dency of diminished expectations.’’ It is the Presidency in which Americans started to doubt the cornerstone of the American dream that their children will have a better life than they do. It is the Presidency in which we were asked to start looking at weak eco-nomic growth as somehow being the new normal. And it is the Presidency in which we were asked to look at a fu-ture of soaring costs and limited choices as the new standard for health care. We don’t need to resign ourselves to these diminished expectations. After all, the weakness of the Obama recov-ery is not a chance or a coincidence; it is the natural consequence of the Presi-dent’s policies. Instead of freeing up our economy to grow, the President has weighted it down with tax hikes, spending increases, and burdensome regulations. Over the past 8 years, the Obama ad-ministration has enacted more than 600 new major regulations, totaling $743 billion or, to put it in perspective, $2,300 per American. While some gov-ernment regulations are necessary, every administration has to remember that regulations have consequences. The more resources individuals and businesses spend complying with gov-ernment regulations, the less they have available to focus on the growth and innovation that drive our economy and create new opportunities for Amer-ican workers. Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-tration has chosen to prioritize burden-some government mandates instead of freeing up individuals and businesses to innovate. We don’t have to continue that way. We can repeal burdensome regulations. We can stop overspending. We can reform our Tax Code to lift the burden on job creators and on families. The weak economic growth of the past 8 years does not have to be the new normal. Americans don’t have to resign themselves to a future of crip-pling health care bills either. ObamaCare had good intentions, but it has turned out to be a disaster. If we repeal this failed law, we can start over and pass real health care re-form, the kind that will actually drive down costs and provide increased ac-cess to care. Republicans are excited to work with a new President to move be-yond the economic failures of the past 8 years. We have ideas to grow our economy, promote job growth, and in-crease opportunities for American fam-ilies. Hard-working Americans deserve more than the diminished expectations of the Obama Presidency. Republicans firmly believe that a better future is possible. We are ready to get to work to get there. 
ATTACKS IN NEW YORK , NEW JERSEY , AND 
MINNESOTA  
Mr. President, before I close, I want to address the bombings and attempted bombings in New York and New Jersey this weekend, as well as the knife at-tack at a shopping mall in Minnesota. My prayers are with the 29 victims in Manhattan, the 10 victims in St. Cloud, and the two wounded officers in New Jersey. My prayers are also with the families of the injured and the commu-nities whose sense of community has been rattled. I am grateful to local, State, and Federal law enforcement personnel for their efforts to apprehend the suspect and, more importantly, prevent further injury or even death. I am also grateful for the off-duty of-ficer who stopped the assailant in St. Cloud. In these times of heightened threats, the service of our law enforce-ment officers is critical. The investiga-tions into all of these attacks are ongo-ing, but they are being viewed as po-tential acts of terrorism. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack in Minnesota, and investiga-tors are seeking a definitive connec-tion, such as a declaration on social media, as we saw in the San Bernardino shooting. I am hopeful that our intelligence communities can quickly piece together the motives and possible terror links of these attacks. Doing so may lead to intelligence that could prevent future attacks and pro-vide insight on how to better counter terror networks and prevent domestic recruitment. This weekend’s attacks underscore just how high the stakes really are. The threat of terrorism continues to grow, fueled by instability in the Mid-dle East—instability that has been fueled by the absence of U.S. leader-ship. Part of the reason we are facing ISIS today is that the President chose to prematurely withdraw our troops from Iraq. This left a gaping hole in Iraq’s security, and ISIS quickly took advan-tage. Despite the trail of bloodshed that ISIS has left in its wake, the Obama administration continues to downplay the threat this organization poses. Unfortunately, the consequences of downplaying this threat could haunt us for generations to come. Senate Repub-licans will continue to do what we can in Congress to restore America’s lead-ership and strengthen our country’s se-curity. We will continue pushing for the resources our military needs to de-feat ISIS abroad. We will continue pur-suing policies that would strengthen our borders so we know who is coming in and out of our country. We will con-tinue supporting policies that give our intelligence and security agencies the tools they need to protect our home-land. The committee I chair—the Com-merce Committee—is looking at legis-lation right now to strengthen security on our Nation’s highways and railways. In addition to the airport security package we enacted earlier this year as part of the FAA bill, this bill will help keep families safe as they travel around our country. I am hopeful the Senate will take up this legislation in the near future. Finally, I look forward to working with my colleagues to advance essen-tial defense legislation like the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act and Defense appropriations, which will help undo the foreign policy failures of the Obama administration. For too long, Senate Democrats have put politics ahead of funding our mili-tary. Democrats have filibustered the Defense appropriations bill no fewer than six times during this Congress alone. I am hopeful we will soon be able to put politics aside and fund our men and women in uniform. They serve in harm’s way every day. The least we can do is give them the resources they need to carry out their jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Sep 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.011 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5900 September 20, 2016 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUESTS —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the judicial nomi-nations that are currently pending be-fore the Senate and the fact that we have a very serious vacancy crisis in the United States. We have a challenge based upon the unwillingness of the majority to put on the floor a number of judges who are pending and have been pending for many months. This is a serious problem, and it is causing problems in States all around the country. We have critical chal-lenges in performing our role of helping the judiciary—that independent branch of government—to function. I would be wrong not to mention Judge Merrick Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court, which has now been pending before the Senate for 7 months. This is the longest period in U.S. history that a Supreme Court nominee has been pending not only for an up-or-down vote but also pending to have hearings on the qualifications of this judge. This judge would absolutely bring great qualifications. In fact, no-body has had more Federal judicial ex-perience. Yet we refuse to move for-ward, to go through a process that is spelled out in the Constitution in the sense that we are supposed to make sure that the judicial branch has a full complement of judges. For 7 months now, the Supreme Court has not been functioning as was intended by the Constitution. The Su-preme Court is missing a Justice, and because of that vacancy, cases have re-sulted in 4-to-4 tie votes. As a result of those 4-to-4 decisions, we lack a na-tional precedent in cases that could guide lower courts, bringing resolu-tions that are necessary for ordinary Americans who go before our justice system seeking justice as was intended in the Constitution. It is challenging in providing certainty to businesses. It is challenging in providing the regular course of many Americans’ lives. The Supreme Court’s next term be-gins in just 2 weeks. It seems that we will be out in recess, but they again will be trying to do the business in-tended of the Court. I do not believe there is any justifiable reason that this distinguished body should not confirm Justice Garland or frankly even go through the process of having hearings and ultimately a vote. The Supreme Court was intended to have nine Justices. We are not doing our job. Justice Garland would not be the first to be confirmed in the month of September and not the first to be confirmed during a Presidential elec-tion. In fact, a total of 13 Supreme Court Justices have been confirmed in the month of September, including Chief Justice Roberts, William Rehnquist, Antonin Scalia, and Sandra Day O’Connor. This inaction of ours is putting the Supreme Court at a disadvantage. The disadvantage is not to the Supreme Court; it is actually ours as the Amer-ican people. Across the country, though, we know that Federal judges at other levels of the judiciary are fac-ing a real crisis. They are overworked and are understaffed because of a judi-cial vacancy crisis. We now face 90 judicial vacancies in our courts across the country, and 34 of them have actually been declared judi-cial emergencies. This is not a subjec-tive declaration; this is an objective declaration. Right now, in the United States of America, there are 34 judicial emergencies. In contrast to previous administra-tions, by the end of September, 2008, in the last year of the Bush administra-tion, Democrats had reduced those va-cancies—not where we are right now with 90 judicial vacancies—all the way down to 34. In addition to Judge Garland’s Su-preme Court nomination, 30 nomina-tions are currently pending on the Sen-ate Executive Calendar, all except two of whom were voted out of committee by unanimous vote in a bipartisan manner. This includes 20 district court nominees that were put forth in bipar-tisan spirit. There are nominees pending on the Executive Calendar from States includ-ing Tennessee, New Jersey, New York, California, Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Hawaii, Utah, Massachusetts, Mary-land, Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Louisiana, Indiana, North Dakota, South Caro-lina, and Idaho. These are red States and blue States and purple States. These are our States here in our coun-try. I believe it is time to act on people who are well-qualified. I believe it is time for us to act on people who have bipartisan support—names that have come with recommendations by Repub-licans and Democrats, two of whom were approved by voice vote and all of whom, except for two, were approved by voice vote. Two weeks ago, I joined with several of my colleagues all of whom came to the Senate floor to ask for consent for the Senate to begin voting on nominees pending on the Senate Executive Cal-endar. Senators have the right to vote yes or no on those nominees, but we be-lieve they should be at least brought to the Senate floor for a vote. In rejecting our requests, Senate Re-publicans made the counteroffer for the Senate to vote on a package of nomi-nees. At that time they were skipping over the next two in line. I know there has been more discussion about that, but the reality is, I cannot support skipping one of the longest standing ju-dicial nominees, Judge Julien Neals in New Jersey, where there is now a judi-cial emergency, where the people who are suffering—I don’t know what their political backgrounds are, but these are business people, these are citizens who are now facing unbelievably long waits as a result of these judicial emer-gencies. Nominations are from red and blue States. This is a time when we should act in a way that belies the partisan rancor that is so often associated with this body. By voting on these nomi-nees, the Senate would follow the reg-ular order, something many of us are calling for, regardless of who is in power on the Senate floor. We should be moving on the longest pending nominees on the floor. Mr. President, I rise today to make a request, to humbly ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 359, 362, 363, 364, 459, 460, and 461; that the Sen-ate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tions in the order listed; that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Republican leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, the Senator from New Jersey and I had a similar exchange a couple of weeks ago. As I pointed out then, the Senate has treat-ed President Obama fairly with respect to his judicial nominations. As of now, the Senate has already confirmed 329 of President Obama’s ju-dicial nominees. That is more judicial nominees confirmed than President Bush had during all of his 8 years. I will be objecting shortly, but we have been entering into agreements to proc-ess additional nominees on a bipartisan basis. Our Democratic colleagues ob-jected to the last proposal I made a couple of weeks ago, but I am prepared to offer another one. My proposal in-cludes many of the nominees who were included in the proposal from the jun-ior Senator from New Jersey. It would include a judicial nominee from Ten-nessee, two nominations from Pennsyl-vania, and a Utah nomination. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider individually the following nominations at a time to be deter-mined by the majority leader in con-sultation with the Democratic leader: Calendar Nos. 359, 460, 461, and 569; that there be 30 minutes for debate only on each nomination equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of time on the respective nomination, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination, with no other busi-ness in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the modification? Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I have not been in the Senate that long, but when I came to the Senate, there were just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.012 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5901 September 20, 2016 
months left when the Democrats were in the majority. I am sure, as the pen-dulum swings back and forth, I will be in the majority again and I may have a chance to show true to what I am about to say, but I cannot imagine that I would support what I see going on right now if the Democrats were in the majority. When I read the Constitution, it makes no claim to political parties or tit for tat or that we should have one President who gets a certain number of nominations versus another President getting another number of nomina-tions. Should we add up the number of Republican Presidents over the last century and Democratic Presidents over the last century and somehow compare the number of judges? That was not the intention of the Constitu-tion. There is a branch of government independent of ours that we are stran-gling right now through our inaction. Any objective understanding of the functioning of the American Govern-ment should clearly demonstrate that one branch should not strangle the op-erations of another, undermining what is clearly in the best interests of the people. This is not a partisan tit for tat—Bush had this many, Obama had this many; this is about the fact that we have a proliferation of judicial emergencies and that our very econ-omy is being undermined because busi-nesses can’t get a fair hearing before the judicial branch. It actually is writ-ten clearly, the idea of having a justice system that works in a timely fashion. This seems to be an affront to what the purpose of this body is as spelled out in the Constitution. I can’t go with a partisan tit for tat— that is just not in my blood—on an issue that has been so fundamentally spelled out in the Constitution. We are measuring how many Bush had versus how many Obama had. Clearly, there are so many more vacancies that hap-pened to come through the course under the Obama administration—90 vacancies versus what we had in the Bush administration, which was sig-nificantly less. It would be one thing if these nomi-nations were clearly partisan, but these nominations are coming from red States and blue States. They are com-ing from Republican Senators—rec-ommendations to the President, mind you—and Democratic Senators. If we are going to indulge in a par-tisan analysis of this, the unanimous consent request offered by the Repub-lican leader is for States that are red and purple States. I represent New Jersey. I have the longest—or second longest—pending judge on the floor, a qualified judge with an incredible history of service and sacrifice to country and commu-nity. This is a judge who happens to be African American in a State that ur-gently needs diversity on the bench as well. I heard a lot of talk when I first got here—and again, I am new—about how important regular order is. Why are we skipping judges and not going through the regular order? I have tremendous respect for the majority leader and the pressures he faces on a daily basis, but this I cannot understand. When I read the Constitu-tion, I cannot understand why this body is strangling the functioning of the other body and why my State is dealing with this judicial emergency, unnecessarily so. When I came here, I was instructed on what to do, and I have been following regular order to fill this seat in New Jersey, so I re-spectfully object to the majority lead-er’s request for unanimous consent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion has been heard to the modifica-tion. Is there objection to the original re-quest? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, as I said earlier, Julien Neals is someone whom I was proud to recommend to President Obama. Julien Neals is right there with the next jurist, Edward Stanton from Tennessee. They are well-qualified ju-rists who are the only two African Americans on the long list of the next 15. Both of these men have dem-onstrated skill, earned distinction, and they have incredible legal careers. Right now, the second longest nomi-nation pending on the floor is Judge Neals, who was first nominated over a year ago—in fact, 19 months ago. He has been nominated to fill what is now a judicial emergency, as I stated, which means more specifically that the case-load is extraordinarily high, that other good public servants in our State are doing their best to keep up but cannot, and the course of justice is being per-verted. The people of New Jersey deserve better from us as a body, and this seat should be filled. It is an act of simple justice. It is an act of mercy at this point. A hearing was held on his nomina-tion in September of 2015, and his nom-ination was passed out of committee in November of 2015. Since that time, Judge Neals’ nomination has been side-lined by this body. Judge Neals has incredibly strong qualifications, and more than that, this is a man I know. I know his fam-ily. I have seen up close and personal the sacrifices he has made. It is no sur-prise that the American Bar Associa-tion Standing Committee on the Fed-eral Judiciary has unanimously rated Judge Neals as ‘‘well qualified’’ to the district court. He received the highest possible ranking. Judge Neals has extensive legal expe-rience, a distinguished judicial career, an unwavering commitment to justice, as well as private sector experience. As an attorney, Judge Neals worked in public service, which is where I knew him, but before that in a distinguished private practice. He has most recently been a county councilman in Bergen County. I know a county executive there who raves about him but under-stands the higher calling and aspira-tions he has to be a federal district court judge. Judge Neals has an impressive breadth of judicial experience. He grad-uated from Morehouse College and Emory University School of Law. He started his career as a law clerk on the New Jersey Superior Court. Later, he served as the chief judge of the Newark Municipal Court. That is how I got to know him. Judge Neals also has an unwavering commitment to justice and a balanced view. He is a moderate man. At a time when our Nation is working to address so many complicated issues, I believe we need this man on the bench. I be-lieve he would make all of us proud— not Republicans or Democrats but Americans. Judge Neals understands issues. He understands scholarship. He has demonstrated his worth, his apti-tude, and his thoughtfulness. This is the kind of guy I think all of us would want on the bench. There is no credible reason why we are not moving forward besides partisanship. I just can’t see it. So I rise again to ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider the following nominations. Regular order would mean that we would go to these two judges who hap-pen to be qualified African Americans, and regular order would bring us to these longstanding men who have been sitting on the sidelines now for well over a year. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 359 and 362; that the Sen-ate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tions in the order listed; that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate; that no fur-ther motions be in order to the nomi-nations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am grateful for the time. I am hoping that in the intervening hours and days we are here in Washington, DC, we can give some attention to this profound obligation we have of keeping the func-tioning of the three branches of gov-ernment and perhaps solve this im-passe. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.014 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5902 September 20, 2016 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NATIONAL DAY OF REMEMBRANCE FOR MURDER  
VICTIMS  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to commemorate the National Day of Re-membrance for Murder Victims which occurs in just a few days on September 25. In 2007, the Congress passed the reso-lution designating the National Day of Remembrance and affirming two cen-tral truths. First, the murder of a loved one is an exceptionally difficult and devastating experience for that family, and, second, that support serv-ices are very important in helping vic-tims’ friends and families as they cope with the grief and loss. Today in Washington we have family members who can attest to the devas-tation of losing a loved one. They are mothers, grandmothers, sisters, and other parts of the family, each of whom have lost a loved one to violence. They have come together to form, in this case, a Philadelphia-based violence prevention group called Mothers In Charge. I cannot imagine the pain they suffer, but the sad truth is, their ranks grow every day in our country, where about 16,000 people are murdered each year, including over 600 just in Penn-sylvania, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Around two-thirds of these murders are committed with firearms. These families know all the statis-tics, but the loved ones they lost aren’t statistics, they are people and mem-bers of their family, and we need to re-member that. I came to the floor last week to talk about a particularly violent day in 1 city, Philadelphia, PA, in which 10 peo-ple were shot in 1 day and 5 were killed. Over the weekend, 5 more were killed and 14 wounded—just this past weekend. Two of those wounded were police officers who were targeted dur-ing a shooting rampage in Philadelphia that left another five wounded at that location. The families and friends of the vic-tims, like those who are with us in Washington today, will never be the same because they lost someone unique and special, someone who was the sub-ject of their love and attention, some-one whose future they invested in, be-lieved in, and dreamed about until it was stolen away. The resolution I referred to earlier, designating the National Day of Re-membrance for Murder Victims, which passed the Senate in 2007, reminds us of our obligation to recognize the loss these families live with every single day. The great recording artist Bruce Springsteen, after September 11, wrote a number of songs that referred to that horrific day and how the country was dealing with it. One song he wrote was called ‘‘You’re Missing.’’ I will not go through the lyrics, but the refrain was just that, ‘‘you’re missing.’’ At one point in the song he says: You’re missing when I turn out the lights You’re missing when I close my eyes— 
And then he says— 
You’re missing when I see the sunrise. 
That is the only way I can under-stand what these families have gone through. That person is missing from their lives every moment of every day, no matter where they are, whether they are falling asleep or waking up or leading their lives. So we have an obli-gation to remember those they lost and remember those who are in fact miss-ing from the lives of those we think about today. The second part of this resolution credits the support services that help grieving families. Facing pain and loss, families often need lots of help, wheth-er that is counseling or crisis interven-tion or legal assistance or other serv-ices. This is also something the Phila-delphia-based group Mothers In Charge know something about. These mothers took their pain and turned it into a force for good. They advocated for those affected by violence, and they provided counseling and grief support for those victims’ families. They also work proactively to prevent violence by intervening with at-risk young peo-ple and working with elected officials and community leaders to create safer neighborhoods. Today, as we commemorate the Na-tional Day of Remembrance for Murder Victims, we also express deep gratitude for the critically important work Mothers In Charge and their allied or-ganizations are doing to prevent future tragedies. As we commemorate the National Day of Remembrance, we must also talk about the types of weapons that took so many lives in the first place and that take more lives every day, firearms. About two-thirds of those 16,000 annual murders are committed using firearms. Tragically, the execu-tive director of Mothers In Charge, Dorothy Johnson Speight, who joins us here today in Washington, knows something about this. Dorothy’s son was shot and killed in a dispute over a parking space—a senseless murder of a good and innocent soul. There is no weapon as widely available and as dan-gerously lethal as a gun, of course, and if Dorothy’s work has taught us any-thing, it is that when tragic murders occur, they are not occasions for grief alone but also a call to action. That is why I will continue to advo-cate for commonsense gun reform— from expanding background checks to banning military-style weapons and large-capacity magazines, to the pass-ing of legislation to close loopholes that allow suspected terrorists and vio-lent hate criminals to acquire fire-arms. All of these measures will make us safer. As Dorothy has often said, gun violence is a public health crisis with more than 33,000 people killed by the pull of a trigger each year in the United States of America. If we are to do our duty on behalf of our constitu-ents, on behalf of hard-working mem-bers of Mothers In Charge and the countless others who have lost a loved one to gun violence as we approach the National Day of Remembrance, we must act to make our communities safer. Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:44 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325 ripen at 5:15 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —S.J. RES. 39 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 11:15 a.m. on Wednesday, September 21, Senator P
AULor his designee be recognized to offer a motion to discharge S.J. Res. 39; that there be up to 3 hours of debate, equally divided between the proponents and the opponents, with Senator P
AUL controlling 30 minutes of the pro-ponents’ time and Senator M
URPHY  controlling 15 minutes of the pro-ponents’ time; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the motion to discharge. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Vermont. (The remarks of Mr. L
EAHY per-taining to the introduction of S. 3359 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.016 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5903 September 20, 2016 
The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, it has been 187 days since President Obama nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. That is a long time. Since March 16, we have been waiting for a hearing. It is really ex-traordinary when you think how long we have seen the third branch of gov-ernment unable to fully function be-cause of inaction in the U.S. Senate. Republicans have a constitutional duty to uphold, and they have not done their job. We all have that constitu-tional duty. We are standing at the ready. We are willing to remain here in session until we can get this done. We need a hearing now. We need to get Merrick Garland on the Court before the Court begins its new session on Oc-tober 1. Unfortunately, we are likely to leave—maybe at the end of this week or next week—without a hearing. The Republican leadership’s inability to consider Garland’s nomination puts the Court at frequent risk of deadlock, which is not in the interest of families or of those whose interests are coming before the U.S. Supreme Court. It is a shame because Merrick Garland is a uniquely qualified jurist. In fact, Re-publican colleagues have noted his qualifications in the past, but the rea-son Republicans haven’t acted is sim-ple, unfortunately, and that is a polit-ical calculation. When we look at the Court on Octo-ber 1, when they are seated, it will look like this, with a vacant chair. The question is, Whom are they holding the chair for? I envision behind this chair a shadow of the Republican nominee— someone who is standing behind there. And it is clear that Republicans in the Senate are holding this seat open for Donald Trump, the Republican nomi-nee, in hopes that he will be the next President. I am not sure about you, but when it comes to filling this empty seat, ‘‘Ce-lebrity Apprentice: Supreme Court Edi-tion’’ is not a show I want to watch, and it is certainly not a show that the American people will benefit from. Many of my Republican colleagues also recognize that the nominee for President on their side poses a risk to our judicial system. When the Repub-lican nominee attacked a Federal judge’s impartiality on the basis of his parents’ ethnicity, the majority leader said he ‘‘couldn’t disagree more with a statement like that.’’ Why then would he leave this seat open for that person to fill? How can you justify allowing someone to nomi-nate a Justice to the highest Court in the land when it is clear that nominee has no respect for the judiciary as an institution? Another one of my Republican col-leagues described the Republican nomi-nee’s comments—one of many of his comments, but described one set of comments as ‘‘the literal definition of racism.’’ Yet that person is supporting Donald Trump, and they are holding a seat open for this person who has said things that are literally the definition of racism. This colleague actually at some point came out on the record as not supporting the nominee, and he has been joined by other Republican Sen-ators. Yet they potentially keep a seat open for this person to fill on the high-est Court in the land. Another Member of this body has re-ferred to the Republican nominee as ‘‘a pathological liar’’ who ‘‘doesn’t know the difference between truth and lies.’’ Senate Republican colleagues can’t justify holding up Judge Garland’s con-firmation, but all of my Republican colleagues are doing that, hoping that Mr. Trump is the person who gets to nominate this Justice in January. It makes no sense. They all remain unified in their op-position to Judge Garland, who is one of the most qualified and well-re-spected judges of this generation. They are unified in not moving forward, even though many of them have said very positive things about him in the past, and I would expect to see that in the future. I have to wonder what exactly those Senators—especially the ones who are opposing their party’s nomi-nee—are waiting for because it is obvi-ous to me that just about every Mem-ber of this body believes that Judge Garland would do an excellent job on the Court. I call on all Republican colleagues to do their job to hold a hearing to bring this nomination to the floor as quickly as possible, to not hold open a spot on the highest Court in the land for some-one who many of them have been run-ning to distance themselves from. This is a very serious issue. We talk a lot about the Constitution around here. We have three branches of gov-ernment, and one right now cannot fully function in the public’s interests on behalf of businesses, families, young people, older people, and children be-cause they don’t have the full member-ship of the Court. It is our job in the U.S. Senate to make sure they have all of the members present when the new Court sits, starting on October 1. I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Do your job. Now is the time to do your job. The American people expect us to do our jobs. Do your job and don’t hold a seat open for the Republican nominee, whom so many of you have expressed such dis-pleasure for. It is time to do your job as the Republican majority in the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRIBUTE TO BECKY FLEESON  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about a member of my staff who will soon be leaving. Becky Fleeson, our director of administration, is the embodiment of a servant leader. She is tenacious, she is dedicated, she is loyal, and she cares. Becky is exactly the type of person you want batting for your team. For nearly a decade, I have been fortunate to have her on mine. Becky is more in-terested in getting the job done than in taking credit for it. She doesn’t back down easily. She can be tough too. That is part of her job description, but if you want to know the truth, Becky is actually a bit of a softie. She is also a bit of a prankster. Becky is usually someone you would trust with sensitive tasks without a second thought, but on April Fools’ Day you can’t trust her for a second. Take this year, for example, when Becky tried to convince us she was pregnant. Turned out she actually was and didn’t know it at the time. Seems the Guy upstairs has a sense of humor as well. Well, Becky would tell you her life has never been the same since she and her husband George welcomed little Winnie into their lives. Now they are preparing to welcome Baby Fleeson No. 2 in just a few months. It has really been something to watch Becky mature over the years, from a fresh-faced college grad to a seasoned professional, honorary Ken-tuckian, and dedicated wife and moth-er. When confronted with hardship along the way, Becky has fought through with grace and with strength— and the support of her fellow McTeamers. I know Becky loves her colleagues, I know Becky loves the Senate, but most of all, I know Becky loves her family. So when Becky told me she was ready to dedicate herself full time to raising her kids, I couldn’t have been happier for her. We will all miss her good humor, her work ethic, and her integ-rity. And later this afternoon, we will look forward to celebrating her. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, in Washington, DC, today is just another day of bureaucratic rollouts, regu-latory nightmares, and government overreach, but if you are in Colorado today, it is also sticker shock day be-cause today the people of Colorado found out—thanks to the new numbers just confirmed by the Colorado Divi-sion of Insurance—that if you live in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.018 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5904 September 20, 2016 
that State, you are going to be paying, on average, an additional 20.4 percent for your health insurance this coming year under ObamaCare. That is the in-dividual rate that was just confirmed for the 2017 plans—a 20.4-percent in-crease. Remember the promises that were made when ObamaCare was put into law in the most partisan of fashions. The promise that if you like your doc-tor, you can keep your doctor has been proven untrue. And if you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan has been proven un-true. Why do we know that? Because in Colorado alone, over the past 3 years, over 750,000 Coloradans have had their insurance plans canceled. Let’s just go through those numbers. Over 92,000 people with individual plans from UnitedHealthcare, Humana, Rocky Mountain Health Plans, and An-them will be forced to find new plans in 2017. In May, UnitedHealthcare and Humana announced they were not going to be offering plans in Colorado at all. We have seen Aetna reduce sig-nificantly the number of plans they will be offering. We know the health care co-op in Colorado collapsed be-cause it was unsustainable thanks to the way ObamaCare was designed, cost-ing over 80,000 Coloradans their health insurance. Back in August of 2013, we saw hundreds of thousands more in Col-orado lose their health insurance. That doesn’t sound like a promise that has been kept to me. That is a promise that has been broken. We also know ObamaCare promised it would reduce the premiums by $2,500 per family. Yet here we are today talk-ing about a 20.4-percent rate increase on the Colorado people alone. We know from studies that one-third of Colorado counties aren’t even going to have a choice of more than one insurance pro-vider to choose from. Despite the third ObamaCare promise that the people of this country would have more opportu-nities to buy different insurance prod-ucts, more choice, more consumer in-surance options, over one-third of the counties in this country will have only one choice or perhaps even fewer. That is why two pieces of legislation introduced in recent days by Senator M
CCAINand Senator S ASSE are so im-portant. What do they do? Senator S
ASSE has introduced legislation that says if an insurance increase is more than 10 percent, then you don’t have to abide by the individual mandate forc-ing people to pay these outrageous in-creases thanks to ObamaCare. It also says, if you are paying 8 percent of your income in insurance premiums, you don’t have to abide by the mandate of ObamaCare. It gives people the abil-ity to actually have that financial cer-tainty they are looking for—the cer-tainty ObamaCare promised but failed to deliver. Senator M
CCAIN’s legislation says, if a county has one or fewer health insur-ance options to choose from, they also will receive relief from ObamaCare’s individual mandate. These are important because in States such as Colorado, the govern-ment is forcing you to pay at least 20.4 percent more if you are in the indi-vidual market. That is the average rate increase. While the 20.4-percent in-crease in the 2017 plans is certainly a significant amount, that is on top of last year’s rate increases. If you live on the Western Slope of Colorado, last year you saw average premium rates in the individual market increase by 25.8 percent. One of the most expensive markets in the country is the Western Slope of Colorado—the mountains of our State. We have not been able to break down what it means for the Western Slope. That individual impact might even be higher for Colorado’s Western Slope. We don’t have those numbers broken down because it was just released today—this massive increase under ObamaCare—but if you just take the statewide average of the individual plan with a 20.4 percent, along with the 25.8 percent from last year, that is an almost 50-percent increase in insurance over the past 2 years. In 2017, it will in-crease 20.4 percent, on average, and this past year it increased 25.8 percent. That is a nearly 50-percent increase. The people of Colorado can’t afford ObamaCare. ObamaCare can’t keep its promises. We have to find real solu-tions for the American people, and I urge the President to come forward with the acknowledgment that his sig-nature law is a signature failure. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, in order to have a quick discussion with colleagues about the state of play on the short-term CR, we will push the vote back a few minutes. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:10 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 5:39 p.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. G
ARDNER ). 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, we just had another good conversation on this side with our Members and are now prepared to proceed to the bill that we used as a shell for the CR-Zika legislation. I might say to all of our Members that we continue to work toward an agreement on the legislation. We hope to have that completed and available for review very soon. With a little co-operation on both sides, I think we can get that finished and begin the debate. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 516. H.R. 5325, an act making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. Hatch, Shelley Moore Capito, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Marco Rubio, Cory Gardner, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Steve Daines, Daniel Coats, John Thune, Thad Cochran, Susan M. Collins. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325, an act making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) are necessarily absent. I further announce that, if present and voting, the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) would vote ‘‘yea.’’ The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 89, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 144 Leg.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.021 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5905 September 20, 2016 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—7 
Cruz Heller Lankford Lee Paul Perdue Sasse 
NOT VOTING—4 
Coons Johnson Kaine Sessions 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 89, the nays are 7. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Montana. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, due to a prior commitment, I regret I was not present to vote on H.R. 5985, the VA Expiring Authorities Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in support of the legislation. 
f 
KOREAN WAR VETERANS MEMO-RIAL WALL OF REMEMBRANCE ACT Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I want to applaud Senate passage of H.R. 1475, the Korean War Veterans Memorial Act, which is the House companion to the bill I introduced with Senator B
OOZMAN , S. 1982. This legislation hon-ors Americans who died during the Ko-rean war by adding a wall of remem-brance to the Korean War Veterans Me-morial without the use of public funds. The Korean war, often referred to as the Forgotten War, began on June 25, 1950, when the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea launched a surprise at-tack on the neighboring Republic of Korea. Against the expectations of the North Koreans and the Soviet Union, the United States immediately pro-vided military support to South Korea, and the United Nations Security Coun-cil passed a resolution, UNSC resolu-tion 82, demanding a North Korean withdrawal to the 38th Parallel. The conflict ended with the signing of an armistice on July 27, 1953. By the time this armistice was signed, 36,575 Ameri-cans had sacrificed their lives, 103,284 were wounded, 7,140 were captured, and 664 were missing. To honor the Americans who served during the Korean war, Congress passed a law on October 28, 1986, au-thorizing the construction of a Korean War Veterans Memorial. This Korean War Veterans Memorial, however, does not honor the Americans who died dur-ing the war by displaying the names of the fallen. The wall of remembrance H.R. 1475 authorizes will list the names of mem-bers of the Armed Forces of the United States who died in theater in the Ko-rean war, as well as the number of servicemembers who were wounded in action, are listed as missing in action, or who were prisoners of war during the Korean war. The wall may also list the number of members of the Korean Aug-mentation to the U.S. Army, the Re-public of Korean Armed Forces, and other nations of the United Nations Command who were killed in action, wounded in action, are listed as miss-ing in action, or were prisoners of war. Building a wall of remembrance to honor the 36,575 Americans who died in the Korean war would not deviate from the norm: many countries who fought in the war also honor their fallen, and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall contains the name of Americans who died during that war. Korean war vet-erans’ memorials that display the names of a nation’s fallen soldiers can be found across the globe in the 22 UN coalition countries. The Republic of Korea even displays the personal names of the 36,575 Americans who died during the war. These names are etched on bronze tablets and listed by home State. The Vietnam Veterans Memorial’s wall also lists the names of those who died in the theater of its re-spective war. It has also been aug-mented with the additions of the three- soldier sculpture and Nurse Memorial. The addition of the wall of remem-brance would also not cost any tax-payer dollars. Korean war veterans who have campaigned for this wall have also been raising money for the wall’s construction. This legislation would not allow any Federal funds to be used for the construction of this wall. Con-struction, therefore, would be privately financed. I want to thank Senator B
OOZMAN  and the other Senators who cospon-sored S. 1982 and have helped me to pass this legislation. I also want to thank my colleagues in the House of Representatives—especially Represent-atives S
AMJOHNSON , CHARLIE RANGEL , and J
OHNCONYERS —for their service to our Nation during the Korean war and for their tireless efforts to honor their fellow servicemen and women. And fi-nally, I want to thank the Korean War Veterans Memorial Foundation, Inc., for its support, on behalf of all Korean war veterans, to build this wall. Au-thorizing the construction of a wall of remembrance is just one way we can help ensure that those who died while serving our country in the ‘‘Forgotten War’’ are no longer forgotten. HONORING CAPTAIN DAVE MELTON Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, today I would like to honor the life of police captain Dave Melton, a law enforce-ment officer who served 17 years on the force of the Kansas City Police Depart-ment and was tragically killed on duty earlier this summer. On Tuesday, July 19, Captain Melton joined officers in pursuit of suspected participants of a driveby shooting. Shortly after law enforcement arrived, the driver of the suspects’ vehicle was apprehended. While following one of the other suspects, Captain Melton came under fire and suffered multiple gunshots. Captain Melton was then taken to the University of Kansas Med-ical Center where he ultimately died from his wounds. Captain Melton was described by Kansas City, KS, Police Chief Terry Ziegler as someone who always chose to ‘‘lead from the front.’’ The brave sacrifices Captain Melton made to keep his community safe will not be forgotten. Captain Melton’s history of service, both to Kansas and our country, ex-tends beyond his 17 years with the Kan-sas City Police Department. In addi-tion to 9 years with the Wyandotte County Sheriff’s Department, Captain Melton served in the Kansas Army Na-tional Guard as a soldier for more than a decade and then as an officer from 1997–2012. During the course of a mili-tary career that included a 15-month tour of duty in Iraq and a 13-month tour in Afghanistan, Melton earned the Bronze Star and numerous other hon-ors. Captain Melton’s law enforcement colleagues remember him as an indus-trious and professional leader. De-scribed as a goodhearted man who loved his family, Melton brought joy to those around him and helped those in need. Dave Melton is survived by his son, David, two daughters, Sarah Wilt and Elizabeth, and girlfriend, Zeta Bates, who is expecting a child. I join the Kansas City community and law enforcement offices around the country as we grieve the loss of this fallen hero and pray for the Melton family. These feelings are tragically famil-iar. On May 18, I spoke on the Senate floor to remember and honor the life of Kansas City Police Detective Brad Lancaster, who was also killed on duty while responding to a call. Following Lancaster’s death, it was Captain Melton that took the initiative to honor Detective Lancaster by estab-lishing protocols for the memorial services of those killed on duty. I stand with the Kansas City, Kansas Police Department as they work to mourn and recover from the loss of both of these men. Congress and community leaders must continue working to better pro-tect the men and women who take great risk to protect the rest of us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE6.002 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5906 September 20, 2016 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING PEA RIDGE NATIONAL MILITARY PARK ∑Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, in honor of the National Park Service’s 100th birthday year, I want to recognize Pea Ridge National Military Park in north-west Arkansas. Pea Ridge National Military Park is one of the best pre-served Civil War battlefields in the United States and its history deserves to be shared. The Battle of Pea Ridge took place in March of 1862 when 26,000 Union and Confederate soldiers fought for 2 straight days. The battle was hard- fought, but in the end, the Union forces, led by General Samuel Curtis, were victorious, and the Union won complete control of the State of Mis-souri. Pea Ridge National Military Park of-ficially became part of the National Park system on July 20, 1956, thanks largely to the efforts of the Arkansas congressional delegation. And it was officially dedicated as a national park during the Nation’s Civil War Centen-nial in 1963. Today 4,300 acres of battlefield are preserved for visitors. The grounds in-clude a recreation of the Elkhorn Tav-ern—an important landmark of the battle—as well as a visitors center and a museum. The park is also home to 2 and a half miles of the Trail of Tears, another important United States land-mark. Arkansas is a State full of rich his-tory, and heritage and Pea Ridge Na-tional Military Park is a critical part of that history. If you find yourself in the picturesque Ozarks of northwest Arkansas this fall, take some time to drive through or walk the grounds of Pea Ridge National Military Park and see for yourself.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING RODGER M
CCONNELL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a Vietnam war veteran who became an incredible hometown advocate for other veterans. Sadly, Rodger McConnell passed away on July 21, 2016, in Great Falls, MT. Rodger served his country honorably during the Vietnam war, but like so many returning veterans, he struggled with PTSD and homelessness. Rodger was able to overcome these issues and went on to serve veterans in many ways. He helped create the Veterans Drug Treatment Court and acted as a mentor to the participants. He orga-nized the annual homeless Veterans Stand Down. He also helped bring a replica of the Vietnam Memorial to Great Falls. Rodger was a selfless, caring indi-vidual who will be missed by the entire community. Because of his commit-ment to veterans, his presence will continue on through so many programs that he created. One that was very dear to him was ‘‘On Point: Veterans Talk Radio,’’ a radio program for veterans that he hosted on the local public radio station. Some of these interviews with wartime veterans will be submitted to the Veterans History Project through the Library of Congress. Rodger may not be with us any longer, but his talks with veterans will be preserved for all to hear.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MARGARET BEESON ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, Dr. Mar-garet Beeson is a generous and inspir-ing doctor, who inexhaustibly serves her profession, her community, and the world with compassion and integrity. She is a strong yet humble leader, whose healing presence has awakened and nurtured souls from all walks of life. She is a consummate professional, conducting every aspect of her life with dignity, decorum, and propriety. Her brilliance is not only found in her intellect, but in the dynamic leg-acy she has created. Her vision is mani-fest in the thousands of patients she has cared for, the myriad of doctors she has mentored, and is embodied throughout her very essence. Dr. Beeson is a loving mother and an enduring friend, generous of time, spir-it, and compassion. She has served as a medic in the U.S. Navy and was selected to participate in an elite naval medical corps training program. This was a San Diego Naval Hospital based PA program. She trained for 6 months there and subse-quently worked for a year in the out-patient clinic. She ran a chronic care clinic treating patients with high blood pressure and diabetes. She was a li-censed vocational nurse, rotating through five hospitals, and traveled to India, the Netherlands, and England at-taining her midwifery license. She be-came a naturopathic physician in 1989 and is associate clinic faculty at Bastyr University in Seattle. Dr. Beeson is the founder and med-ical director of the Yellowstone Natur-opathic Clinic in Billings, MT. Her clinic in the heart of Billings is also an accredited residency program through the Naturopathic Education and Re-search Consortium, providing opportu-nities for graduates of Naturopathic medical schools in a primary care set-ting. She has worked diligently to cre-ate collaborative relationships between conventional and traditional medicine. Additionally, she is the president of the board of directors of the Paul Gard-ner Veterans Pain Relief Foundation, an organization dedicated to facilitate access to nonnarcotic pain treatments for veterans by providing financial re-sources for access to safe, effective treatments. Earlier this year, the American Asso-ciation of Naturopathic Physicians named Dr. Beeson its ‘‘2016 Physician of the Year.’’ Dr. Beeson was selected for her strong leadership, authenticity, and great mentoring skills. The role of mentor is one she is particularly proud of, as her clinic runs a residency for on-cology in collaboration with St. Vin-cent Healthcare’s Frontier Cancer Cen-ter.∑ f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1886. A bill to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 354). S. 2644. A bill to reauthorize the Federal Communications Commission for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–355). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3270. A bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice sys-tem’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 3353. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from carrying out seizures re-lating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an il-legal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 3354. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude income attrib-utable to certain real property from gross in-come; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. D AINES , Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. 3355. A bill to prohibit funding for the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehen-sive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization in the event the United Nations Security Council adopts a resolution that obligates the United States or affirms a purported ob-ligation of the United States to refrain from actions that would run counter to the object and purpose of the Comprehensive Nuclear- Test-Ban Treaty; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 3356. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligi-ble for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 3357. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide an additional tool to prevent certain frauds against veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.028 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5907 September 20, 2016 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. V
ITTER ): S. 3358. A bill to provide special rules for the use of retirement funds for relief relating to severe flooding in the Mississippi Delta; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 3359. A bill to amend title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize grants for heroin and meth-amphetamine task forces; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 3360. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to support the access of marginalized youth to sexual health services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3361. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish an interagency co-ordinating committee on pulmonary hyper-tension, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3362. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants to support fire safety education programs on college cam-puses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. K IRK, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. M CCAIN): S. 3363. A bill making emergency supple-mental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 3364. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to accept the donation of facilities and related improvements for use by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. CANTWELL: S. 3365. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the treatment of pension and employee benefit plans main-tained by tribal governments; to the Com-mittee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. L EE, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. Res. 572. A resolution designating No-vember 5, 2016, as National Bison Day; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 437 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 437, a bill to provide for congressional approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments, to establish requirements for the declaration of marine national monuments, and for other purposes. S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse prac-titioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1559, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1679, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who dis-close potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2448 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2448, a bill to provide for the appointment of additional Federal bankruptcy judges, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2489 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2489, a bill to en-sure that persons who form corpora-tions in the United States disclose the beneficial owners of those corpora-tions, in order to prevent the forma-tion of corporations with hidden own-ers, stop the misuse of United States corporations by wrongdoers, and assist law enforcement in detecting, pre-venting, and punishing terrorism, money laundering, tax evasion, and other criminal and civil misconduct in-volving United States corporations, and for other purposes. S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2645 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2645, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 2774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2774, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income certain amounts realized on the disposition of property raised or pro-duced by a student farmer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled. 
S. 2890 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2890, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of Christa McAuliffe. 
S. 2989 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2989, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the United States mer-chant mariners of World War II, in rec-ognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II. 
S. 2997 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2997, a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommuni-cations networks during times of emer-gency, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE6.004 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5908 September 20, 2016 
S. 3065 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3065, a bill to amend parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home, to ensure that children in foster care are placed in the least restrictive, most family- like, and appropriate settings, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. W
YDEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3065, supra. 
S. 3179 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3179, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove and extend the credit for carbon dioxide sequestration. 
S. 3198 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3198, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S. 3270 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3270, a bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and im-prove the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. 
S. 3297 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3297, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption to the in-dividual mandate to maintain health coverage for certain individuals whose premium has increased by more than 10 percent, and for other purposes. 
S. 3308 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3308, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit pre-scription drug plan sponsors and MA– PD organizations under the Medicare program from retroactively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. RES. 199 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 199, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding es-tablishing a National Strategic Agen-da. S. RES. 527 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALD-
WIN) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 527, a resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the opening of the National Gallery of Art. 
S. RES. 536 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 536, a resolution proclaiming the week of October 30 through Novem-ber 5, 2016, as ‘‘National Obesity Care Week’’. 
S. RES. 564 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 564, a resolution condemning North Korea’s fifth nuclear test on September 9, 2016. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 3359. A bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize grants for heroin and methamphetamine task forces; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have come to this floor many times to speak about the toll the abuse of prescription opioids and heroin has taken on our communities. When I talk with Vermonters about this crisis, whether at our Judiciary Committee field hear-ings in Vermont or in conversations at kitchen tables or on street corners, I hear how opioid abuse destroys lives, tears apart families, and overwhelms communities. As a lifelong Vermonter, I am proud of our small State. I see law enforce-ment and community leaders joining together. They have taken a real con-structive approach to fighting addic-tion. They have created innovative and successful programs, such as the Rapid Intervention Community Court in Bur-lington and Project VISION in Rut-land. The Boys & Girls Clubs through-out Vermont are working with schools and public health officials to help chil-dren affected by this epidemic. They are trying to keep them from being swept up into that world. Our local tel-evision stations are participating in public awareness campaigns. They are educating our citizens about drug abuse. These are the positive efforts that make me proud to be a Vermonter. But I am not just here to praise the good work in my State. I am here to work for my State and for all States that are coping with this drug addiction scourge—because all States are. Earlier this year, Congress took an important step forward by passing the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, or CARA. This new law treats addiction as the public health crisis it is. I was proud to support this legisla-tion in the Senate. But the final prod-uct fell short. CARA did not include the funding necessary to put its pro-grams to work. The final legislation stripped out many of the best practices that were included in the Senate bill, including, among others, my provision to authorize the anti-heroin task force program I helped to establish. This pro-vision was approved overwhelmingly by the Senate, and I thank my col-leagues—Republicans and Democrats— who joined with me on that. But it was stripped out at the last minute by the House. That was really a shortsighted decision. It could hamper law enforce-ment agencies’ ability to keep illegal opioids out of our communities. So today I am introducing bipartisan legislation along with Senator GRASS -
LEYto help ensure that State and local law enforcement agencies can get the necessary funding and the support for anti-heroin task forces around the country. Our bill would authorize the Attorney General to provide grants to law enforcement agencies—those agen-cies that are engaged in statewide col-laborative efforts to investigate and stop the unlawful trafficking of heroin, fentanyl, carfentanil, and prescription opioids. The bill also authorizes grants to support task forces to combat the trafficking of methamphetamines. Our States are seeing an influx of powerful, deadly opioids that have never been seen by law enforcement be-fore. Communities that have been struggling with heroin and prescription drug abuse are now encountering opioids such as fentanyl and carfentanil. What is so frightening about these is that they can kill the user even in small amounts. So I think we have a responsibility—all of us in Congress—to support smart policies and reduce the demand for these poi-sons. We must support targeted en-forcement efforts to keep them out of our communities in the first place. Now, I know these task forces work. Last month I heard from Vermont law enforcement officials who shared exam-ples of how the Vermont Drug Task Force is helping to combat heroin traf-ficking in our State. The Vermont Drug Task Force has seen a significant increase in heroin investigations so far this year—up 70 percent from the same period last year. The task force has seized the equivalent of more than 94,000 bags of heroin this year alone, with a street value of more than $1 mil-lion. Now, in an urban area that might not seem like much, but our State has 625,000 people. The largest city in our State has 38,000 people. We are being hammered by this. But there is good news. The recent addition of five new investigative posi-tions, as a result of Vermont’s $1.4 mil-lion anti-heroin task force grant, could not come at a more critical time. So this legislation will provide the anti- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE6.006 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5909 September 20, 2016 
heroin task force program with the re-sources they need to help more States, just like it is helping in Vermont. I say this because we should know and the American public should know that our work in Congress on opioid abuse and addiction did not end when we passed CARA. In fact, I would say that it only began. If we are serious about combating drug addiction—and all of us will say we are against it, but if we are really serious—then we have to invest in our communities. Let us build on what we know is working. Let us give law enforcement agencies the tools they need to do their job effec-tively. In my State of Vermont, I spend con-siderable time every month. I was there just a couple of days ago. We are a special State because you can talk with people. My wife Marcelle and I will talk with people coming out of church on Sunday or in the grocery store or just walking down the street to pick up our paper. Some of the sto-ries we hear are so sad. We hear from people we have known for years—won-derful families, pillars of the commu-nity—who will tell us of their son or daughter suffering from opioid and other addictions. The saddest, though, are those people we have known who have lost a member of their family be-cause of the powerful new drugs com-ing on the market. I saw a lot of terrible things in this area when I was a prosecutor, but noth-ing like what we are seeing today. So let us look at the legislation that Sen-ator G
RASSLEY and I are introducing. Let us stop trying to fight this with slogans and goodwill. Let us fight it with real tools. Again, I would add, let us not just rely—any of us—on saying we are against this. Let us do something. It is too bad the House stripped out much of what we had done well in our bill, but there is no reason why we cannot fight to put it back in. There is no reason why we cannot get the funding nec-essary. This will only work if we have the tools and the money. I know that in our State it is not just law enforcement but the faith commu-nity, educators, parents, Boys & Girls Clubs, and medical professionals who are all working together. It is not just numbers. Every one of us—almost every one of us in our State—knows people who have suffered. I want to go back home and say that we are doing something to help them. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 3364. A bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to accept the donation of facilities and related improvements for use by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the CHIP IN for Vets Act. Lengthy delays and cost overruns have impeded construction of new health care facilities for our veterans, raising roadblocks between them and the quality health care they have earned. These delays and overruns have not only negatively impacted our vet-erans’ access to care, but also our na-tion’s confidence in their health care system. My legislation would create a 5-year pilot program that would allow com-munities to contribute real property toward on-time and on-budget con-struction projects. Partnerships be-tween veterans, their local commu-nities, and the Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, will allow previously ap-propriated funds to be put to good use. Through five initial projects, commu-nity leaders and private sector experts can lead construction projects from start to finish and test a model that can be expanded into the future. State or local authorities, and speci-fied non-federal entities, will be eligi-ble to partner with the VA. Entities would comply with the Department of Veterans Affairs’ standards, except to the extent the Secretary determines otherwise, as permitted by law. Eligi-ble projects would be limited to those for which funding has already been ap-propriated, or those on the VA’s long- term planning list. The VA’s financial obligation for these projects would be limited to the amount previously ap-propriated. The VA would select the project and community partner, but it would not influence, control, or be in-volved with either the management or construction of these projects. The Secretary would include information regarding real property and improve-ments donated under this legislation in the budget submitted to Congress. The Comptroller General would also submit to Congress a report on the donation agreements entered into under this leg-islation not less frequently than once every 2 years until its termination. A significant amount of work went into revising this bill. I very much ap-preciate the support of Senator FEIN-
STEIN , who serves as lead cosponsor. Chairmen I
SAKSON and A LEXANDER are supportive of this legislation. They, and the members of their staff, have been extraordinarily helpful through this process. The Department of Vet-erans Affairs staff has also been ac-tively involved in the crafting of this legislation. They fully support it. The Congressional Budget Office has stated this bill would have an ‘‘insignificant impact on direct spending,’’ or less than $500,000 total. For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to support this common sense, bipartisan legislation. Thank you. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 572—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 5, 2016, AS NATIONAL BISON DAY Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. WHITEHOUSE , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. L EE, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 572 Whereas on May 9, 2016, the North Amer-ican bison was adopted as the national mam-mal of the United States; Whereas bison are considered a historical symbol of the United States; Whereas bison were integrally linked with the economic and spiritual lives of many In-dian tribes through trade and sacred cere-monies; Whereas there are more than 60 Indian tribes participating in the Intertribal Buf-falo Council; Whereas numerous members of Indian tribes are involved in bison restoration on tribal land; Whereas members of Indian tribes have a combined herd on more than 1,000,000 acres of tribal land; Whereas the Intertribal Buffalo Council is a tribal organization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 477); Whereas bison can play an important role in improving the types of grasses found in landscapes to the benefit of grasslands; Whereas a bison has been depicted on the official seal of the Department of the Inte-rior since 1912; Whereas bison hold significant economic value for private producers and rural com-munities; Whereas, as of 2012, the Department of Ag-riculture estimates that 162,110 head of bison were under the stewardship of private pro-ducers, creating jobs, and contributing to the food security of the United States by providing a sustainable and healthy meat source; Whereas a bison is portrayed on 2 State flags; Whereas the bison has been adopted by 3 States as the official mammal or animal of those States; Whereas the buffalo nickel played an im-portant role in modernizing the currency of the United States; Whereas several sports teams have the bison as a mascot, which highlights the iconic significance of bison in the United States; Whereas a small group of ranchers helped save bison from extinction in the late 1800s by gathering the remaining bison of the di-minished herds; Whereas on December 8, 1905, William Hornaday, Theodore Roosevelt, and others formed the American Bison Society in re-sponse to the near extinction of bison in the United States; Whereas on October 11, 1907, the American Bison Society sent 15 captive-bred bison from the New York Zoological Park, now known as the ‘‘Bronx Zoo’’, to the first big game refuge in the United States, now known as the ‘‘Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge’’; Whereas in 2005, the American Bison Soci-ety was reestablished, bringing together bison ranchers, managers from Indian tribes, Federal and State agencies, conservation or-ganizations, and natural and social scientists from the United States, Canada, and Mexico to create a vision for the North American bison in the 21st century; Whereas there are bison herds in National Wildlife Refuges, National Parks, and Na-tional Forests; Whereas there are bison in State-managed herds across 11 States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.020 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5910 September 20, 2016 
Whereas there is a growing effort to cele-brate and officially recognize the historical, cultural, and economic significance of the North American bison to the heritage of the United States; and Whereas members of Indian tribes, bison producers, conservationists, sportsmen, edu-cators, and other public and private partners have celebrated the annual National Bison Day since 2012 and are committed to con-tinuing this tradition annually on the first Saturday of November: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates November 5, 2016, the first Saturday of November, as National Bison Day; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5079. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5080. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 5081. Mr. DAINES (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 3076, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5079. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
PROHIBITION ON CITIZENSHIP FOR ALIENS OR -
DERED DEPORTED AND DIGITIZATION OF FIN -
GERPRINT RECORDS  S
EC. ll. (a)(1) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act or funds collected and deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account may be used to carry out any activity to grant United States citizenship to any indi-vidual subject to a final order of deportation. (2) This subsection shall be in effect until December 9, 2016. (b) The Secretary of Homeland Security is authorized and directed— (1) to set aside such sums as necessary from the Immigration Examinations Fee Ac-count to complete the digitization of finger-prints of aliens who were fugitives, convicted criminals, subject to deportation orders, or had other derogatory information dating back to 1990 under the project known as the Historical Fingerprint Enrollment Program; and (2) to store such digitized fingerprints along with relating biographical data in the Department of Homeland Security’s IDENT database. 
SA 5080. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5325, making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. No funds may be made available under this title for foreign assistance to any country that was a significant exporter of il-licit fentanyl, fentanyl analogues, or fentanyl precursor chemicals during the cal-endar year preceding the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 5081. Mr. DAINES (for Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 3076, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of vet-erans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 2, line 9, insert ‘‘veterans’’’ after ‘‘or in a’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCONNELL . Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL . Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examina-tion of Wells Fargo’s Unauthorized Ac-counts and the Regulatory Response.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL . Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL . Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, at 2:45 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘South Sudan: Options in Crisis.’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on September 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Laboratory Testing in the Era of Pre-cision Medicine.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate, on September 20, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Consolidation and Competi-tion in the U.S. Seed and Agrochemical Industry.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, at 11:30 a.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Sen-ate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 20, 2016, 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MARCELINO SERNA PORT OF ENTRY Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 5252 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5252) to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE6.010 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5911 September 20, 2016 
motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5252) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CHARLES DUNCAN BURIED WITH HONOR ACT OF 2016 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 3076 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3076) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for burial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for cas-kets or urns, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I further ask that the Blumenthal amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5081) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To make a technical correction) On page 2, line 9, insert ‘‘veterans’’’ after ‘‘or in a’’. 
The bill (S. 3076), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Charles Duncan Buried with Honor Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. CASKETS AND URNS FOR BURIAL OF CER-TAIN VETERANS IN CEMETERIES OF STATES AND TRIBAL ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
Section 2306(f) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for burial in a national ceme-tery of a deceased veteran’’ and inserting ‘‘for burial of a deceased veteran in a na-tional cemetery or in a veterans cemetery of a State or tribal organization for which the Department has provided a grant under sec-tion 2408 of this title’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the burial of the veteran in a national cemetery’’ and inserting ‘‘such burial’’. VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES CENTENNIAL COMMIS-SION ACT Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 586, H.R. 2615. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2615) to establish the Virgin Is-lands of the United States Centennial Com-mission. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 2615) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL BISON DAY Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 572, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 572) designating No-vember 5, 2016, as National Bison Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. DAINES. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 572) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMIS-SION TO ACQUIRE, OPERATE, AND MAINTAIN THE LAFAYETTE ESCADRILLE MEMORIAL IN MARNES-LA-COQUETTE, FRANCE Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5937, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 5937) to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Bat-tle Monuments Commission to acquire, oper-ate, and maintain the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5937) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to the provi-sions of Public Law 106–567, the re-appointment of the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the Pub-lic Interest Declassification Board: Kenneth L. Wainstein of Virginia. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2016 Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 21; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325, postcloture; fi-nally, that all time during recess or ad-journment of the Senate count postcloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5325. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:36 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, September 21, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20SE6.034 S20SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1295 September 20, 2016 
HONORING BOB BROWNSTEIN 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Bob Brownstein. I am joined by my colleagues Congresswoman Z
OE LOFGREN  and Congresswoman A
NNA ESHOO . Bob is re-tiring from his 17-year career as Policy Direc-tor of Working Partnerships USA, but his dedi-cation and service to working families in the Bay Area has spanned over 40 years. His commitment to creating a better, more just fu-ture for Silicon Valley makes him a hallmark of leadership in our community. A native of the Bronx, Bob grew up admiring the towering photograph of President Franklin D. Roosevelt that hung in his father’s hard-ware store. To the young boy and his father, President Roosevelt represented a higher ech-elon of politician and public servant—one who devoted his career to empowering the under-privileged and the underserved. It was in the manner and legacy of President Roosevelt that Bob embarked on his own career in public service, driven by his steadfast faith in and vi-sion of societal progress. Bob Brownstein entered the California polit-ical scene in 1977, and his impact was imme-diately felt across the region. He changed local government and city politics as he led ef-forts to elect San Jose officials by district, giv-ing greater representation for residents in City Hall. Later, he was instrumental in establishing the partnership between the city and San Jose State University to build the Martin Luther King Library. Bob, a lifelong advocate for workers, was the driving force behind the 1998 movement for living wages. He led two campaigns to raise the minimum wage and worked closely to reform San Jose’s rent control laws. He played a significant role in passing the Living Wage ordinance, which raised San Jose’s liv-ing wage to what was then the highest in the nation while still creating an infrastructure for job growth. Most recently, Bob led an initiative to ensure part-time workers receive fair con-sideration for increased work hours. As the Director of Policy and Research with Working Partnerships USA, Bob not only fought for the rights and agenda of the disenfranchised, but has become one of the most prominent voices in health care policy. He was the architect of Children’s Health Ini-tiative, making Santa Clara County the first in the country to provide health coverage to nearly every child. He has been the catalyst for profound reinvention in our community, bringing both tangible and institutional change—a rich legacy that will continue to im-pact lives for generations. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. Bob Brownstein for his years of dedication and commitment to our community both as an ad-vocate for progressive values and as an out-standing public servant. His relentless pursuit to empower those in need will forever be re-membered and appreciated by the many lives he has touched and will continue to influence. f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RICH-MOND COUNTY PIPES AND DRUMS 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the Richmond County Pipes and Drums. Formed in 1975, the Richmond County Pipes and Drums have been actively involved in the Staten Island community. They have marched in parades, played at community events, and participated in fundraisers for local causes, bringing joy to anyone who gets the chance to listen. In fact, the first parade they marched in was in March 1976 for America’s Bicentennial, for which they were appropriately dressed in red, white, and blue uniforms. Fur-thermore, they perform at almost every Celtic event throughout New York City. They have even participated in hundreds of events in Up-state New York, Long Island, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania over the years. Most importantly, however, is the work that the Richmond County Pipes and Drums do for those who put their lives on the line to protect others. They are enthusiastic and patriotic supporters of our military and our veterans, for whom they have performed on numerous oc-casions. They have paid tribute to our nation’s servicemen killed or missing in action, as well as local firefighters and policemen. They have demonstrated tremendous support for our first responders, proving just how dedicated to giv-ing back they are. Mr. Speaker, the Richmond County Pipes and Drums are dedicated servants in the Stat-en Island community. I thank them for their great work and congratulate them on their 40 years of performance. 
f 
THANKING STARBUCKS AND THEIR UPSTANDERS SERIES FOR REC-OGNIZING THE BALDWIN PROM-ISE 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Starbucks and their Upstanders series for recognizing Baldwin Community Schools and the Baldwin Promise. It is wonderful to see an organization highlight a caring community like Baldwin, which united to raise funds that will help their children pay for college. The Upstanders series all began with an idea from Starbucks’ CEO Howard Schultz and Executive Vice President Rajiv Chandrasekaran. It was created to showcase uplifting American stories and bring citizens across our nation together. Chandrasekaran stated the Upstanders mission well when he quipped, ‘‘Our goal is very simple: we want to connect with millions of Americans and inspire and engage them. That’s it.’’ If Starbucks is looking for an inspiring community, then they chose the perfect one in Michigan’s second district with Baldwin. Baldwin Community Schools was des-ignated as a Michigan Promise Zone in 2009, meaning that every child in Baldwin has a tui-tion free path to a college education. Earning this designation took commitment and sacrifice from the entire Baldwin community. In order to be designated, the village of Baldwin had to privately fundraise over $100,000. Baldwin looked within for donations, even though it is located in Lake County, where more than 24 percent of residents live below the poverty level. Nevertheless, the citizens of Baldwin banded together, giving whatever they could. Baldwin exceeded their goal by 150 percent, raising more than $160,000 to put a down payment on their children’s future. Because of the community’s sacrifice, Baldwin earned the Promise Zone designation. Now, any student who graduates from Baldwin High School is granted $5,000 per year for four years to at-tend the college of their choice. The people of Baldwin and their commit-ment to their community and one another truly exemplify what West Michigan is all about. I want to thank Starbucks for creating the Upstanders series and sharing Baldwin’s story with the nation. f 
TRIBUTE TO CORPORAL LEE KARR OF THE CITY OF PUEBLO, COLO-RADO POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Corporal Lee Karr of the City of Pueblo Colorado Police Department for his out-standing duty and assistance to the citizens of Pueblo. During his normal duties of the day, Corporal Lee Karr went above and beyond his call of duty to assist a victim of robbery. On September 12, 2016, Corporal Karr, and a fellow officer, were called to assist a 51 year old woman who had been a victim of robbery at a bus stop in the City of Pueblo, Colorado. Karr and the other officer carried out their pro-tocol, and then Officer Karr took his commit-ment of public service to another level. After comforting the victim, Karr placed her in a cool, air-conditioned police car and began assisting her with sorting out issues associ-ated with the items that were stolen. The vic-tim needed a new State of Colorado ID, bank and Medicaid cards—all the items that were stolen from her purse. Corporal Karr paid for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20SE8.001 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1296 September 20, 2016 
these items out of his own pocket without any hesitation. Once the issue of her cards were resolved, Corporal Karr drove the victim to her destination and then, finally to her home. Mr. Speaker, Corporal Karr went above and beyond the call of public service to assist a member of his community. I commend him on a job well done, and thank him for serving as an exemplary model of public service and safety. Each and every day law enforcement officers perform these selfless acts of kind-ness and generosity in their communities. I am proud to honor Corporal Karr and his commit-ment to the City of Pueblo and its people. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GERALDINE JONES ON BECOMING PRESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Geraldine M. Jones, the seventh president of California University of Pennsyl-vania. This past April, the board of governors for Pennsylvania’s State System of Higher Education concluded a year-long, nationwide search for the university’s top position by unanimously selecting Mrs. Jones, who had been serving as the university’s interim presi-dent. President Jones is no stranger to the Vulcan community or to western Pennsylvania. She graduated in 1972 from then-named California State College with a bachelor of education de-gree, and later earned her master’s degree in education at California in 1980. She was a school teacher to second-grade students in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, and later returned to her alma mater to serve as a program di-rector for Upward Bound and chair the Depart-ment of Academic Development Services. She went on to serve as the associate dean of the College of Education and Human Services for two years before taking on the role of college dean from 2000–2008. In July of 2008, she was selected as provost and vice president for academic affairs, which she held until she was appointed as acting, and then interim, univer-sity president. Somehow, she still finds time to pay it for-ward and be an active member of her commu-nity. She serves as a board member on local and regional community organizations, such as the Washington County Community Foun-dation and the Washington County Chamber of Commerce. She has been a lifelong mem-ber of Mt. Zion AME Church in Brownsville, PA. California University will hold a formal instal-lation ceremony for President Jones on Octo-ber 14, 2016. President Jones has spent her whole life serving the educational community and the people of western Pennsylvania, and has been a living embodiment of the Univer-sity’s core values: integrity, civility, and re-sponsibility. California University of Pennsyl-vania is fortunate to have her, and I am hon-ored to be able to congratulate her on this mo-mentous achievement. IN TRIBUTE TO JOAN LIND VAN BLOM HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, in every sport, in every art, in every field of human en-deavor, there are figures that impact history so deeply that the future is reshaped forever. They are icons, pioneers, and trailblazers. Joan Lind Van Blom belongs among this pantheon. A graduate of Wilson High School and Cali-fornia State Long Beach, Joan is widely con-sidered the greatest American female athlete to have ever competed in the sport of rowing. Joan was a trailblazer, paving the way for women in the U.S. to compete on the inter-national rowing stage. During her rowing career, she was the top single sculler in America for nearly a decade and won 14 national titles. In 1976, she won a silver medal in the XXI Summer Games in Montreal, Canada, becom-ing the first U.S. woman to win an Olympic medal in rowing. Four years later, again a member of the U.S. Olympic team, she was the favorite to win the gold in Moscow, but the U.S. delegation boycotted the Moscow Games. In the XXIII Summer Games in Los Angeles in 1984 she returned to the medal stand earning a silver medal. The same year she married coach, former Olympian, and National Rowing Hall of Famer John Van Blom, and for the last three decades the pair have enjoyed the title of the First Cou-ple of Rowing. She went on to be inducted in the Wilson High, Cal State Long Beach, Century Club, and National Rowing halls of fame. Joan still holds 11 indoor rowing world records. Joan also served the Long Beach Unified School District for over three decades, 25 years of that as a teacher and then another decade as the district’s first physical education curriculum leader. She was instrumental in winning a million-dollar grant to put rowing machines in each of LBUSD’s nine high schools. In 2014 she was given the prestigious Er-nestine Bayer Award for her deep contribu-tions to the entire sport of rowing. One year ago she passed away in her Long Beach home at the age of 62. Her smile and joy of life served as a bea-con, drawing people from her past back to her, and her husband John said the last two years while Joan battled brain cancer were filled with reconnections and reunions with people from throughout their life. In addition to her husband John, Joan is also survived by son John Jr. and her sisters, Loretta Madsen and Carol Hansen. 
f 
IN HONOR OF E15 DAY 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in cele-bration of E15 Day on September 16th, when gasoline retailers can once again sell E15 to American consumers and to urge the Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA) to remove regulatory barriers which prevent the sale of E–15 year round. The EPA first created the 1-psi waiver of the Reid Vapor Pressure (RVP) to increase the availability of 10 percent ethanol blends. As a result, nearly every gallon of gasoline sold in the United States contains ethanol. However, the EPA has been unwilling to provide a simi-lar waiver for E–15 gasoline blends. This means E15 cannot be sold during the summer months, causing many retailers to not carry the higher blend and restricting access to re-newable fuels. In response to these burdensome restric-tions, I introduced H.R. 1944, the Fuel Choice and Deregulation Act. This legislation would extend the RVP waiver to include gasoline blended with more than 10 percent ethanol, al-lowing gas stations to sell E15 year round. I urge the EPA to repeal these archaic and meaningless regulations and increase access to E–15 gasoline. I applaud Governor Branstad for recognizing E15 Day in Iowa, and I hope Congress con-tinues to work on enacting policy which in-creases consumer access and savings at the pump. I am proud of the vital role Iowa has in de-veloping and providing America with cleaner energy sources. Drivers across the country are fueling their cars with Iowa grown ethanol. By allowing access to E15 year round, we can give consumers greater choice while helping our environment. f 
HAPPY DOUBLE TEN DAY 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, Monday, October 10 is Taiwan’s National Day—also known as Double Ten Day. On the eve of this special occasion, I would like to offer my early wishes to the people and government of Tai-wan. Taiwan is a very close trade partner and se-curity ally of the U.S. in the Asia-Pacific re-gion. Formosa Plastics Corporation, a Tai-wanese company invested in the congres-sional district I represent and create lots of job opportunities to my constituency. It sets a good example of Taiwan-U.S. economic rela-tionship. Last June, Eva Air, one of the biggest Tai-wanese airline companies launched the direct flight route between Dallas, Texas and Taipei, Taiwan. The direct flight further facilitates the passenger and cargo movement between the two nations. I am glad to see closer trade ties between Taiwan and the U.S. and I realize that Taiwan should be included in the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), which works to secure the civil aviation throughout the world. The ICAO’s 39th Triennial Assembly will be soon taking place shortly in Montreal, begin-ning on September 27. We hope that Taiwan will be invited to attend the Assembly as three years ago. Again, I wish the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day, and I look forward to working closely with Taiwanese people to further en-hance our bilateral relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE8.004 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1297 September 20, 2016 
IN HONOR OF THE 20TH ANNIVER-SARY OF O’NEILL SEA ODYSSEY 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 20th anniversary of O’Neill Sea Odyssey, a remarkable science education organization based in Santa Cruz, California. It started as the brainchild of Jack O’Neill, the inventor of the modern wetsuit worn by surfers, divers, kayakers, and other water enthusiasts the world over. Now 93, Jack spent much of the last 60 years building the wetsuit company that bears his name into an internationally rec-ognized brand of excellence. Throughout that time, Jack retained and grew a deep commitment to protecting the oceans as well as an unbinding love for the Santa Cruz coast and the Monterey Bay that he has called home since 1959. In 1996, he founded O’Neill Sea Odyssey as a community based non-profit dedicated to educating school children about the ocean science and the ocean environment. The program is located in Santa Cruz Harbor and takes 4th, 5th, and 6th graders onto Monterey Bay on a specially equipped sail catamaran to teach the fun-damentals of science and environmental stew-ardship. Under the long term leadership of executive director Dan Haifley, the program has grown into an innovative education program that in-corporates a curriculum in line with the latest Common Core and Next Generation Science Standards. The program’s instructors enjoy a three to one ratio with students. They teach mathematics using navigation techniques; ma-rine ecology, including the kelp forest, marine mammals, and human impacts on Monterey Bay; and marine biology, focused on exam-ining and learning about plankton as a basis for study of the marine food web. Lessons taught during the ocean-going field trip are supplemented with in-classroom curriculum that participating students can use. Over 90,000 students have experienced this re-markable program since its inception, and that number grows every year. In June of 2016, O’Neill Sea Odyssey en-tered into a partnership with Public Consulting Group’s education department to distribute the OSO curriculum nationally through Pepper, PCG’s online curriculum development tool for teachers. The goal is for teachers and district administrators to use the OSO curriculum for their required continuing education units, help-ing teachers to reach their learning goals through marine science education. In 2004, O’Neill Sea Odyssey earned the Governor’s Environmental and Economic Leadership Award. Other awards and include: Senator B
OXER ’s 2008 Environmental Cham-pion award; the Adam Webster Memorial Fund received the Community Spinners award; and The Silicon Valley Business Journal’s Commu-nity Impact Award, to name just a few. Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for the whole House in both congratulating and thank-ing Jack O’Neill, Dan Haifley, and the whole Sea Odyssey crew, from its board, boat pilot, and instructors to its interns and participating teachers. The world is a better place because of your efforts. Congratulations on 20 years of success. We look forward to many more. HONORING THE 2016 NIPSCO LUMINARY AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise to commend the recipients of this year’s NIPSCO Luminary Awards. The Luminary Awards were created to honor prominent individuals or or-ganizations for their exemplary leadership. This year’s honorees include Barb Young, Jim Staton, Thomas Keon, and the Shirley Heinze Land Trust. For their outstanding contributions to the community in Northwest Indiana and beyond, the honorees will be recognized at a ceremony on Thursday, September 22, 2016, at NiSource Corporate Headquarters in Merrillville, Indiana. Barb Young, president and chief executive officer of the Porter County Community Foun-dation, is the recipient of this year’s Commu-nity Leadership Award. Barb will be retiring from her position at the end of 2016 after serving the last twenty years as the founda-tion’s president. During her tenure, Barb as-sisted with the issuing of more than $18 mil-lion in grants to non-profit organizations and scholarships for county residents. She was also heavily involved in the establishment of Empower Porter County, an organization cre-ated with the mission of fighting substance abuse. In addition, Barb has been instrumental in the development of a ten-year plan to end homelessness in Porter County. Barb Young is a leader in every sense of the word, and she is most worthy of this prestigious honor. Jim Staton, Regional Director for the Indiana Economic Development Commission (IEDC), is the recipient of the Economic Development Award. Jim has been a trailblazer for eco-nomic development in Northwest Indiana since the early 1990’s. Through his position with the IEDC, Jim is committed to bringing jobs and investment to Northwest Indiana through projects and organizations such as BP’s $4 billion plus expansion, Hoist Lift Trucks in East Chicago, Pratt Industries in Valparaiso, Alcoa in La Porte, Modern Forge in Merrillville, Green Sense Farms in Portage, and many, many more. This year, Jim was named one of America’s top 50 economic developers by Consultant Connect. For his outstanding con-tributions to the growth and development of Northwest Indiana and beyond, Jim Staton is worthy of the highest praise. Chancellor Thomas Keon, of Purdue Univer-sity Northwest, is the recipient of the 2016 Ed-ucator Award. Under his leadership and direc-tion, Chancellor Keon works with the Univer-sity to foster collaboration between business and education through innovation. Some ex-amples of this partnership include the founding and creating of the Center for Innovation through Visualization and Simulation, the En-ergy Center, the Center for Business and Eco-nomic Development, and the Commercializa-tion and Manufacturing Excellence Center. For his exceptional dedication to empowering indi-viduals through education, Chancellor Thomas Keon is an inspiration to his students and the community and is truly deserving of this out-standing accolade. The Shirley Heinze Land Trust is the recipi-ent of the Environmental Stewardship Award. Since its founding in 1981, the Shirley Heinze Land Trust has worked to protect the habitats and ecosystems of Northwest Indiana and to educate residents about land conservation. Currently, it is managing more than 2,100 acres in Lake, Porter, LaPorte, and Saint Jo-seph counties. The organization works with a vast group of volunteers, professionals, and businesses to maintain and protect these grounds. Recently, the organization’s first cap-ital campaign raised $4.6 million and will add 400 acres of preserved land, while restoring an additional 250 acres. For its truly important environmental work, the Shirley Heinze Land Trust is most deserved of this exceptional honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other col-leagues to join me in commending these re-markable leaders, innovators, and organiza-tions. For their outstanding contributions to the community of Northwest Indiana and their un-wavering commitment to improving the quality of life for its residents, each recipient is worthy of the honors bestowed upon them. 
f 
HONORING DR. KENJI HAMADA 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize the contributions to North Alabama made by Dr. Kenji Hamada of Ari-zona. Dr. Hamada is a highly regarded optometrist who has dedicated his life to helping preserve and restore eyesight to countless individuals. His care and concern has also extended to those in other states. Several years ago through his service with Optometry Cares, Dr. Hamada met Alabama State Representative Johnny Mack Morrow and his wife, Dr. Martha Morrow, a fellow op-tometrist, who introduced him to North Ala-bama. At this time, Dr. Hamada was looking to develop a program for visually impaired chil-dren. Little did he know that a program was al-ready in the works between the Helen Keller Birthplace Foundation and Optometry Cares— The AOA Foundation. The first ‘‘Camp Cour-age: A Helen Keller Experience’’ for blind and severely visually impaired children was held in October 2013, and Dr. Hamada was imme-diately sold on the concept and became an advocate and funding supporter. Since this initial meeting between the Mor-rows and Dr. Hamada, he has dedicated a great deal of his time and resources to sup-port programs to help visually challenged chil-dren in Alabama. Through his support and partnership with organizations like the Amer-ican Optometric Association Foundation, many children have been assisted with or cured of their visual impairments. In addition to his sup-port of optometry care, he has also financially supported other groups in Alabama such as the University of North Alabama Summer The-atre and the Alabama Music Hall of Fame. I would like to commend Dr. Hamada for his service and dedication to the people of North Alabama. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I believe it is fitting and proper that Dr. Kenji Hamada be an Honorary Ambassador for North Alabama for all his contributions and service to the re-gion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20SE8.009 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1298 September 20, 2016 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE CHAZY CENTRAL RURAL SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 100th anniversary of the Chazy Central Rural School District in Chazy, New York. The Chazy Central Rural School District was the first centralized rural school district in the United States. Since its founding in 1916, through the consolidation of eleven rural schools, Chazy Central has given children in the community the educational ad-vantages they would receive living in a large city. The new school opened its doors on No-vember 14, 1916, and was soon recognized throughout the world as an extraordinary school for a town of 800 residents. The build-ing itself stood five stories tall and supported a bell tower that was seventy-one feet higher than the fifth floor roof. The school consisted of forty-four rooms, and boasted an English room modeled in the Tudor style, an audito-rium capable of seating 1100 people, and two gymnasiums and swimming pools. There was also a fully equipped nursing office and a den-tist on staff to ensure that the students had access to the best healthcare. At the time of its founding, Chazy Central had special departments in agriculture, indus-trial arts, household arts, library, music, and physical education. The student body con-sisted of eight grades and a four year high school program. Today, the Chazy Central Rural School Dis-trict consists of an elementary school and a junior-senior high school, and the school dis-trict remains committed to providing students with an excellent education and the resources they need to become successful adults. Begin-ning in elementary school, students have ac-cess to computer labs and music and art classes, and as they grow, are afforded oppor-tunities like travelling to Model United Nations Conferences and participating in different sports programs. As the first rural school district in the United States, Chazy Central School District has suc-cessfully educated students for 100 years. Congratulations to the Chazy Central Rural School District. I want to wish its teachers, ad-ministrators, students, and alumni all the best in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on Sep-tember 12, 2016, I missed the two roll call votes of the day. Had I been present I would have voted: AYE—Roll Call No. 496—H. Res. 847, Ex-pressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment. AYE—Roll Call No. 497—H. Res. 835, Ex-pressing the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that the United States should adopt a national policy for technology to pro-mote consumers’ access to financial tools and online commerce to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment. f 
KENNETH RAY HOUSTON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize Pro Football Hall of Famer, Kenny Houston, and pay tribute to his contributions to his alma mater, Prairie View A&M University. Kenny is one of the best football players to ever play the game; he is an outstanding member of our community, on and off the field. Kenny was born and raised in Lufkin, Texas and attended Dunbar High School where he started his long career in one of Texas’ favor-ite past times, football. After graduating from high school in 1962, he chose to play football for Prairie View A&M University. During his time at Prairie View, he was a standout All- American in the Southwestern Athletic Con-ference, and the Panthers won the 1963–1964 Black College National Championship Football title. The Houston Oilers made Kenny their 9th round pick in the 1967 draft, once again keep-ing him close to Texas. He played six seasons with the Houston Oilers, four under head coach Wally Lemm. Houston fans were upset when the Oilers traded Kenny in 1973 to the Washington Redskins. He then went on to play eight seasons in the prime of his career until he retired in 1980. He played a total of 14 seasons and 196 games in the National Football League. In recognition of his tremen-dous talent, he played in ten pro bowls and was named to the NFL’s 1970s All-Decade Team, the NFL’s All-Time 75th Anniversary Team and in 1999, Sporting News named him one of the 100 greatest players in NFL history. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1986. Despite his big league career and national stardom, Kenny has never lost the small town values that helped shape him. After his profes-sional football career, he followed his passion to teach and coach and remains a strong ad-vocate for students. He is a dedicated family man, having been married to his wife Gustie for 49 years, and he is also the proud father of two grown children. On behalf of the Second Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, I commend this remarkable leader for giving back to our community, being a role model for our youth, and helping the next generation of athletes achieve their dream of attending college and playing football at the collegiate level. And that’s just the way it is. CONGRATULATING GEN. NORTON A. SCHWARTZ ON RECEIVING THE WILLIAM J. DONOVAN AWARD HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Gen. Norton A. Schwartz on receiv-ing the William J. Donovan Award from the Of-fice of Strategic Services (OSS) Society. This special honor is one shared with a select group of great men and women who have ren-dered distinguished service to the United States. Gen. Schwartz has earned this award through his unflagging service to the United States and the United States Air Force. The William J. Donovan Award, adminis-tered by the OSS Society, recognizes men and women who have exemplified the distin-guishing features which characterized General Donovan’s life of service to the United States of America. With this achievement, Gen. Schwartz joins Presidents Eisenhower, Reagan, and George H.W. Bush, Prime Min-ister Thatcher, Adm. McRaven, and several other great men and women who have done a great service to our nation. Gen. Schwartz’s hard work, perseverance, and tireless service to the United States are exemplified in his receipt of this honor. His thirty-nine years with the Air Force, the last four of which as Chief of Staff of the Air Force, were marked by excellence. It is officers like Gen. Schwartz who remind us why we have the greatest military in the world. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to highlight the importance of this award and what it rep-resents for Gen. Schwartz and our nation. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating Gen. Schwartz on receiving the William J. Donovan Award. I thank him for his service and wish him all the best in his future endeav-ors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REX PHARMACY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rex Pharmacy of Atlantic, Iowa for its recognition as the National 2016 Pharmacy of the Year by McKesson Health Mart. Mark Walchirk, President of McKesson U.S. Pharmaceutical said, ‘‘Rex Pharmacy is dedicated to providing their customers with ex-traordinary service that improves patient care and demonstrates why community pharmacies continue to thrive.’’ Josh Borer, owner of Rex Pharmacy, said his approach is to be ‘‘proactive and helping improve patient outcomes.’’ Rex Pharmacy provides services such as ‘‘no wait refills’’ and a program, ‘‘Rex Packs,’’ which can package patient prescriptions into pouches that give the date and time they need to be taken. Josh Borer believes ‘‘the bottom line is patient care and convenience,’’ and trying to find ways to help his customers achieve their best health results. Mr. Speaker, I commend Josh Borer and Rex Pharmacy for providing dedicated, com-mitted, and crucial health care to the Atlantic, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20SE8.011 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1299 September 20, 2016 
Iowa area and the Cass County community. There is great work and service being accom-plished every day at Rex Pharmacy. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representa-tives to join me in congratulating them for their service. I wish Josh Borer and the entire staff the very best in all their future endeavors. 
f 
H. RES. 810 HONORING THE LIFE AND WORK OF ELIE WIESEL IN PROMOTING HUMAN RIGHTS, PEACE, AND HOLOCAUST RE-MEMBRANCE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 810, recognizing and cele-brating the life and important work of Elie Wiesel in promoting human rights, peace, and Holocaust remembrance. As an author of at least 60 books, plays, and essays, Elie Wiesel enlightened his read-ers and taught them lessons of history con-cerning injustice, intolerance, and indifference, pulling from his personal experience as a Hol-ocaust survivor to give a first person point of view of the horrors the faced by Holocaust vic-tims. From 1933 to 1945, two-thirds of the Jewish population living in Europe at the time of World War II were brutally murdered by Nazis during the Holocaust. Families were torn apart; children were sep-arated from their parents; babies were ripped from the arms of their mothers. The Jewish community suffered incredible losses, losses that will never be remedied. Elie Wiesel is a heroic survivor who lived to share his experiences of loss and tragedy. He lost his father at Buchenwald and his younger sister and mother to a gas chamber at Auschwitz, but he and his two older sisters survived. Following the liberation of the concentration camp, Wiesel moved to France and worked as a journalist, becoming a U.S. citizen in 1963. His first and one of his best known works, ‘‘Night’’, was published in 1958 and has been translated into more than 30 different lan-guages, allowing the story of his family’s de-portation to reach millions around the world. In addition to his publications, Elie Wiesel was commissioned to chair the President’s Commission on the Holocaust in 1978, and they recommended the creation of the Holo-caust Museum. Following this, Elie Wiesel worked as the Founding Chairman of the United States Holo-caust Memorial Council and put forth incred-ible efforts for the United States Holocaust Museum to open its doors in 1993. In his desire to fight indifference, intoler-ance, and injustice, Elie and his wife Marion Wiesel founded the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity. Elie Wiesel was also passionate about teaching and served as a Visiting Scholar at Yale University and a professor at the City University of New York and Boston University, striving to provide insight and knowledge among students. Elie Wiesel has been honored in many ways by receiving a variety of awards, such as the Nobel Peace Prize, Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States Congressional Gold Medal, the National Humanities Medal, the Medal of Liberty, the rank of Grand-Croix in the French Legion of Honor, and the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Award. Elie Wiesel’s passing on July 2, 2016 is saddening, but the legacy he leaves is one of honor, justice, and determination. Elie Wiesel left behind a voice for the voice-less, ensuring the promotion of peace and tol-erance and the fight against indifference, intol-erance, and genocide. This man was an inspiration, and though he may be gone, his light and impact remains. I would like to extend my deepest condo-lences to the family members of Elie Wiesel who feel this heartbreak more than any other. We promise to keep Elie Wiesel’s memory alive; to prevent the recurrence of another Holocaust; and, ultimately, to never forget the lessons we as a people have learned from history and from Elie Wiesel. 
f 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST: PART ONE 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, February 4, 2016 I had the privilege of co- chairing the 64th Annual National Prayer Breakfast with Representative J
UAN VARGAS . I would like to submit Part One of the transcript: 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST : PART ONE  U.S. Representative Juan Vargas: Jesus once said, that when we lift up his name, it would draw a crowd, and wow, it worked. Look at this group, unbelievable. What a miracle you are here this morning—elected and appointed officials, religious leaders, business leaders, entertainers, athletes, farmers, sons, and daughters, moms and dads, folks from all 50 states, and from more than 140 countries. U.S. Representative Robert Aderholt: We are not here this morning to see a show, or to watch a ball game, or to participate in a political rally. Each and every one of us are here this morning with a single focused rea-son, and that is to pray. And what a holy moment it is, for not only Washington but also the entire world. We could not be more different. The thousands of you who have gathered here this morning, you know—just look around, everyone is different. But what we are seeking and what we are asking God to do is to bring us together in unity. Not just for today, but also for the days ahead, and not just for us that are in this room and that are hearing this message this morning, but for the entire world. Rep. Vargas: Now, to gather our hearts and point us in the right direction, I am honored to introduce Major General Julie Bentz, to offer our opening prayer. Her important job at the Pentagon, is figuring out how to pro-tect American soldiers who are in harm’s way around the world from so called impro-vised attacks. She is also part of a small group of members of the military who meet regularly to focus on the teachings of Jesus, General Bentz. Major General Julie Bentz: Jesus, here we are gathered in your name from across this nation, in all corners of the earth, here to learn how to pray together, with and for one another. You ask all of us who are weary and are carrying heavy burdens, to come to you and find rest. You ask us to learn from you, who are gentle and humble of heart. You show us, our Heavenly Father, not only as holy and just, but also as good, loving, and merciful, full of tenderness and kindness. And so we have the courage to stand in the presence of Holy God and pray for a miracle of unity across borders, boundaries, and be-liefs. We ask you, Father, to look favorably on those you have placed in our care, and on those who have elected us to our current po-sitions. I ask specifically for your grace on behalf of our soldiers, sailors, airmen, coasties, and marines, our commander in chief, and all those in authority over us. In this year of mercy, Lord God, let us discover your generous love, and be transformed into patient, tolerant, and tender leaders. Enter into our actions, oh God. Remove our fear of suffering, our fear of humiliation, and our fear of failure. Lord, I acknowledge before you and before those present here, that I have failed, in my thoughts, in my words, and in what I have done, and in what I have failed to do, but I trust in your limitless mercy. You shower me and each one of us here abundantly with your goodness. Oh God, Heavenly Father, holy is your name. Your children yearn for your kingdom and pray that your will be done. We thank you for our daily sustenance, for forgiving us as we for-give others, you who direct our paths, and secure us from evil. Pour out your Spirit on us today, and in so doing, renew the face of the earth. Amen. Rep. Aderholt: Well thank you so much General Julie, I like the sound of that. The President of the United States is on his way, and the First Lady, so at this time, please enjoy your conversation and your breakfast. Speaker introducing the president: Ladies and Gentlemen, the President of the United States and Mrs. Michelle Obama. Rep. Aderholt: We want to get started this morning. We have a great lineup here this morning at our head table, and we are ex-cited that everyone is here. I am Representa-tive Robert Aderholt from the state of Ala-bama, and I am privileged to be here with my co-chair for this event, my new best friend, Juan Vargas from the state of Cali-fornia. Just so you know, over the past 13 months we have been praying, and we have been working, and we have been praying some more about what happens over the next 75 minutes. We prayed this head table together. We have prayed for you who are here in this ball room, for those that are in the overflow room—which are probably enjoying an even better breakfast than we are having. Some are out there watching it on a computer screen monitor, some are watching it by tel-evision. We pray for everyone that is listen-ing, or that is in our presence, because we believe that Jesus and his reconciling power of prayer is so desperately needed these days. So thank you for showing up and for your prayers. Here is the most obvious thing that you will hear—and that is we all need all the help we can get. I would like to introduce my co-chair, Con-gressman Juan Vargas. He served in the jun-gles of El Salvador as a Jesuit missionary, and now he serves in the jungles of the House of Representatives. He grew up on a chicken ranch, and quite honestly, that is a high qualification for government service in my district. He brings great joy and passion to his new responsibilities in the House of Rep-resentatives, and I wish all of you could just spend a couple of hours with him. What is so maddening about the place where we work is that there is so much divi-sion and it prevents us from appreciating each other, and from understanding the won-derful strengths that 435 unique individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.004 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1300 September 20, 2016 
have that we all work with. And if you are not all from around here, you might not know that Juan is a progressive Democrat and that I am a conservative Republican. Our voting records are probably about as similar as our hairstyles. But I love him, and I know he loves me because we share a com-mon friend in Jesus. Juan, thank you. Rep. Vargas: Thank you. That is so true, I do love Robert and I appreciate it, but com-pared to Robert, I just got here. He has served 20 years in the House, which seems like 90 dog years I think, quite some time. Prior to coming here, he was a judge and I bet he was a great one. He is good at seeing things from all sides and all angles, and it is really a rare gift. I represent Southern Cali-fornia, and he represents northern Alabama. These places are very different according to most demographics, but they are alike in that they are both full of folks with really a very deep faith. One of the landmarks of Robert’s district is a beautiful 60 foot high sandstone bridge, called Natural Bridge, and like that bridge, Robert is able to connect people. He brings people together to get work done for Amer-ica. Robert and I have the responsibility of facilitating a weekly prayer group of mem-bers of the House. The House has had such a group for over 50 years now. This group in-cludes Republicans, Democrats, older mem-bers, younger members, women, and men and folks from different faith traditions. We have much yet to accomplish, but we are making progress by coming together in unity around Jesus. This morning’s event is simply a big, public version of what we do intimately and privately every week that the House is in session. We hope we all make progress here today as well. One idea we would like to plant in your minds this morning is, despite our very busy schedules and all our differences, we make time to come together every week and pray. Could you do that in your city, your work-place, your mission in life? If a lefty Chicano from California and a conservative judge from Alabama can do it, why can’t you? Rep. Aderholt: Now I would like to intro-duce to you those who will be leading this morning, and if you could, please hold your applause until I introduce the entire head table. Way down to my right is the hero of Alabama, Heisman Trophy winner, Derrick Henry of the University of Alabama, the na-tional champion University of Alabama. Roll tide. He has got some big shoulders, so we have asked him to carry us all the way through the program this morning—he is going to finish with our closing prayer. You have already met Major General Bentz— thank you for being here. Next, we have our counterparts from that other chamber in the Capitol that are here with us, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, and Senator John Booz-man of Arkansas—they will be sharing greet-ings from the Senate group just shortly. And you should know that in about an hour, they will start working on the 2017 breakfast; gen-tlemen, thank you for your leadership and as we hand the torch over to you in a few min-utes. Rep. Vargas: Most important to me, I would like to introduce my beautiful wife of 25 years, Adrianne Vargas. Honey, you truly are a gift from God to me and I love you very much. Next is a distinguished member of the President’s cabinet, the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, which he has dubbed the Department of Opportunity. Prior to federal service, he was mayor of San Antonio, Texas. Secretary Julian Castro will be offering a prayer for unity and the needs of the poor. Next is the First Lady, Michelle Obama. And it is impossible to hold your ap-plause for her, it really is. We love her. First Lady Michelle Obama is a lawyer, a writer, and the wife of the 44th and current presi-dent, President Barack Obama. She is the first African American First Lady of the United States and is a role model and an ad-vocate for poverty awareness, higher edu-cation and healthy living. Rep. Aderholt: Continuing down the table is our brand new Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan of Wisconsin. We haven’t cut the tags off of him yet, he is so new. And he is a great colleague with a lot of energy. He has a lot of knowledge, and he has a lot of faith, and we are honored to have him with us while he is still fresh. Sitting next to him is Demo-crat Leader and former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi of Cali-fornia. She has been a strong and gracious force on so many issues during her time serv-ing in Congress, and she will offer a reading from Scripture. Next to her is my dear wife and best friend, Caroline Aderholt. We have been blessed by trying to put God in the cen-ter of our relationship each day, and so I ap-preciate her being here and her support through all of this. And by the way, Adri-enne, Juan’s wife, and Caroline informed Juan and myself that this does not count as a date. Rep. Vargas: We tried. Next, our keynote speakers who will be introduced in a little bit. Next is the Honorable Judge Robert R. Rigsby of the District of Columbia Superior Court. He has served our nation in so many ways, including service in the United States Army for 34 years. His service makes him the first District Judge ever deployed to a the-ater of War. Robert and I are blessed to have Judge Rigsby as a member of the weekly prayer group. He will offer a prayer for na-tional leaders. Next is the distinguished Rabbi Jack Bemporad. He is a great hero of ours because he has done about as much as anyone alive to try to bring people together, of all the world’s great religious traditions to find common ground. He will offer a read-ing from the Scriptures. Rep. Aderholt: Quite a group, isn’t it? Thank you all for being here and for leading us this morning. Rep. Vargas: And finally, I would like to introduce a returning favorite artist to the Prayer Breakfast, Andrea Bocelli. Andrea Bocelli’s voice and spirit has lifted hearts and souls all around the world. We are pleased to share his gifts with you this morning as he sings Panis Angelicus, ‘Heav-enly Bread’. He will be singing in Italian but listen to his words in English, they go like this: ‘‘Heavenly bread that becomes the bread of all mankind; bread from the angelic host that is the end of all imaginations and images. Oh miraculous thing, this body of God will nourish even the poorest, the most humble of servants, even the poorest, the most humble of servants. Amen.’’ To share a few remarks and a song, please again wel-come Mr. Andrea Bocelli. [Mr. Bocelli sings Panis Angelicus] U.S. Senator John Boozman: I am John Boozman from Arkansas, and I can promise you one thing—next year when Tim and I are running the show, we won’t be following that; simply remarkable. How does anyone do that? It really is a pleasure to be with you all, and to be with my colleague, Senator Tim Kaine. I greatly appreciate his friend-ship and have had the pleasure of working with him this last year as co-chair of the Senate prayer breakfast. As the fellows who are going to put this event on next year, to-gether we realize that we are a part of a very, very long, great tradition. It is hum-bling to think that the Prayer Breakfast that we are a part of has been meeting longer than either of us has been alive—and in my case that has been a while. It is excit-ing to think also that it will be going on a long time after we are gone. We meet, we pray, we have personal prayer requests. Someone shares their testimony or spiritual thought. Who would believe that an hour of fellowship per week centered on the teach-ings of Jesus could make such a difference? It is not logical; it is a matter of the heart. So I would encourage all of you as you go back to your communities, as you go back to the different countries that are represented here, to start a prayer breakfast. The exam-ple that we have today, the example that we have every week in the House and the Sen-ate—that is how you change hearts, that is how you change the world. U.S. Senator Tim Kaine: Good morning. What a wonderful occasion. It is truly good to be here with my friend, John Boozman. When I was young, I spent part of 1980 and 1981 living with Jesuit missionaries in a small community in Honduras. I learned from that experience the power of a small group in advancing your spiritual life. And it has been my blessing to have opportunities since—in my parish in Richmond, with a group of legislators when I was Lieutenant Governor and Governor and now in the Sen-ate working with John Boozman and my other friends in the Senate and the Senate prayer breakfast tradition. We are here in a very, very large room and there is greatness in a large room, but I think a lot of us are here because there is greatness in small rooms, and small groups. And so like John, I would encourage you to advance your spir-itual life by joining a small group that fo-cuses on spiritual fellowship. And now a word of introduction, when I came to the Senate in January 2013, within nine months the government of the United States shut down. Because I am Catholic, I was tempted to blame myself. When the gov-ernment re-opened, we had a hard task on our shoulders, which was that Congress was charged with finding a budget deal by the end of the calendar year. And I am on the budget committee; and I got to watch my chair woman, my great friend, Senator Patty Murray work with the then House budget chair, Paul Ryan. I came to know, in that work by observation, Paul is a person of strong principle, a person who knows that the American people send us here not to ex-press our opinions louder than the next per-son but to be principled, but also respect and work with the principles of others, and we found a deal that enabled us to move for-ward. I want to offer a prayer for the Speaker, from a letter of Paul, a letter to the Gala-tians: ‘‘And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season, we will reap if we do not give up.’’ Ladies and gentlemen, the Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan. U.S. Representative Paul Ryan: That was quite nice. Thank you very much. First of all, I want to express my gratitude to my friends, Robert Aderholt and Juan Vargas for hosting us here today. Thank you. Thank you for what you have done. And I want to applaud their work to raise awareness of the plight of the persecuted Christians around the world. I also want to welcome all of you to Washington. You could not have come here for a better reason. This breakfast is a national tradition because prayer is a part of our national heritage. It goes all the way back to the Declaration of Independence. We believe that our rights come from God, and our job as office holders is to protect those rights. So it is only natural that we should ask for His guidance as we seek to do His will. I have noticed a growing impatience though with prayer in our culture these days. You see it in the papers, or you see it on Twitter. When people say ‘‘We are pray-ing for someone or something,’’ the attitude in some quarters these days, is ‘‘Don’t just pray, do something about it.’’ The thing is, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.006 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1301 September 20, 2016 
when you are praying, you are doing some-thing about it. You are revealing the presence of God. Whenever people are in grief, or even when they are about to start some great under-taking, they feel the worst pain of all. They feel alone. How am I going to get through this? Why is this happening to me? My God, my God, why have you forsaken me? That is why there is nothing more comforting, or more humbling really than to hear someone say, ‘‘I am praying for you.’’ Because when you hear that, you realize you are not alone—God is there. And hundreds, if not thousands, if not millions of people are all speaking to Him on your behalf. They are not praying for some abstract notion, they are praying for you, the person. You know it says a lot about our country, that people of both parties and of all faiths will drop every-thing and pray for their fellow Americans. What it says is ‘‘We believe in the dignity of the individual, of the human person,’’ and that is why prayer should always come first. All Americans believe this; but as Chris-tians, we can especially appreciate this truth. We believe in Jesus Christ. We believe God came down from heaven and became a man with a name and a body so that we could know him, we could begin to under-stand. He walked among the poor and the lowly of this world so that he could raise us to new heights in the next. It is a miracle. It inspires us every single day, and that is why we should rejoice always, pray without ceas-ing, and in all circumstances, give thanks. Thank you, and welcome. f 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST: PART FOUR 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, Feb-ruary 4, 2016 I had the privilege of attending the 64th Annual National Prayer Breakfast chaired by Representatives R
OBERT ADERHOLT  and J
UAN VARGAS . I would like to submit Part Four of the transcript: 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST : PART FOUR  The President: Thank you so much. Thank you. You’re very kind. Thank you very much. Well, good morning. Giving all praise and honor to God for bringing us together here this morning. I want to thank everyone who helped orga-nize this breakfast, especially our co-chairs, Robert and Juan, who embody the tradition of friendship, fellowship, and prayer. I will begin with a confession: I have always felt a tinge of guilt motorcading up here at the heart of D.C.’s rush hour. I suspect that not all the commuters were blessing me as they waited to get to work. But it’s for a good cause. A National Prayer Brunch doesn’t have the same ring to it. And Michelle and I are extremely honored, as always, to be with so many friends, with members of Congress, with faith leaders from across the country and around the world, to be with the Speaker, the Leader. I want thank Mark and Roma for their friendship and their extraordinary story, and sharing those inspiring words. Andrea, for sharing his remarkable gifts. And on this occasion, I always enjoy re-flecting on a piece of scripture that’s been meaningful to me or otherwise sustained me throughout the year. And lately, I’ve been thinking and praying on a verse from Second Timothy: ‘‘For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.’’ For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. We live in extraordinary times. Times of extraordinary change. We’re surrounded by tectonic shifts in technology and in our economy; by destructive conflict, disrup-tions to our environment. And it all reshapes the way we work and the way we live. It’s all amplified by a media that is unceasing, and that feeds 24/7 on our ever-shrinking atten-tion spans. And as a student of history, I often remind people that the challenges that we face are not unique; that in fact, the threats of pre-vious eras—civil war or world war or cold war, depressions or famines—those chal-lenges put our own in perspective. Moreover, I believe that our unique strengths as a na-tion make us better equipped than others to harness this change to work for us, rather than against us. And yet, the sheer rapidity of change, and the uncertainty that it brings, is real. The hardship of a family trying to make ends meet. Refugees fleeing from a war-torn home. Those things are real. Terrorism, eroding shorelines—those things are real. Even the very progress that humanity has made, the affluence, the stability that so many of us enjoy, far greater prosperity than any previous generation of humanity has ex-perienced, shines a brighter light on those who still struggle, reveal the gap in pros-pects that exist for the children of the world. And that gap between want and plenty, it gives us vertigo. It can make us afraid, not only of the possibility that progress will stall, but that maybe we have more to lose. And fear does funny things. Fear can lead us to lash out against those who are different, or lead us to try to get some sinister ‘‘other’’ under control. Alternatively, fear can lead us to succumb to despair, or paralysis, or cyni-cism. Fear can feed our most selfish im-pulses, and erode the bonds of community. It is a primal emotion—fear—one that we all experience. And it can be contagious, spreading through societies, and through na-tions. And if we let it consume us, the con-sequences of that fear can be worse than any outward threat. For me, and I know for so many of you, faith is the great cure for fear. Jesus is a good cure for fear. God gives believers the power, the love, the sound mind required to conquer any fear. And what more important moment for that faith than right now? What better time than these changing, tumultuous times to have Jesus standing beside us, steadying our minds, cleansing our hearts, pointing us towards what matters. His love gives us the power to resist fear’s temptations. He gives us the courage to reach out to others across that divide, rather than push people away. He gives us the cour-age to go against the conventional wisdom and stand up for what’s right, even when it’s not popular. To stand up not just to our en-emies but, sometimes, to stand up to our friends. He gives us the fortitude to sacrifice ourselves for a larger cause. Or to make tough decisions knowing that we can only do our best. Less of me, more of God. And then, to have the courage to admit our failings and our sins while pledging to learn from our mistakes and to try to do better. Certainly, during the course of this enor-mous privilege to have served as the Presi-dent of the United States, that’s what faith has done for me. It helps me deal with the common, everyday fears that we all share. The main one I’m feeling right now is that our children grow up too fast. They’re leav-ing. That’s a tough deal. And so, as a parent, you’re worrying about will some harm befall them, how are they going to manage without you, did you miss some central moment in their lives. Will they call? Or text? Each day, we’re fearful that God’s purpose becomes elu-sive, cloudy. We try to figure out how we fit into his broader plan. They’re universal fears that we have, and my faith helps me to man-age those. And then my faith helps me to deal with some of the unique elements of my job. As one of the great departed heroes of our age, Nelson Mandela, once said, ‘‘I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. . . The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who con-quers that fear.’’ And certainly, there are times where I’ve had to repeat that to myself while holding this office. When you hear from a parade of experts, just days after you’re elected, that another Great Depression is a very real pos-sibility—that will get your attention. When you tell a room full of young cadets that you’ve made a decision to send them into harm’s way, knowing that some of them might not return safely—that’s sobering. When you hold in your arms the mothers and fathers of innocent children gunned down in their classroom—that reminds you there’s evil in the world. And so you come to under-stand what President Lincoln meant when he said that he’d been driven to his knees by the overwhelming conviction that he had no place else to go. And so like every President, like every leader, like every person, I’ve known fear. But my faith tells me that I need not fear death; that the acceptance of Christ prom-ises everlasting life and the washing away of sins. If Scripture instructs me to ‘‘put on the full armor of God’’ so that when trouble comes, I’m able to stand, then surely I can face down these temporal setbacks, surely I can battle back doubts, surely I can rouse myself to action. And should that faith waver, should I lose my way, I have drawn strength not only from a remarkable wife, not only from in-credible colleagues and friends, but I have drawn strength from witnessing all across this country and all around this world, good people, of all faiths, who do the Lord’s work each and every day, who wield that power and love, and sound mind to feed the hungry and heal the sick, to teach our children and welcome the stranger. Think about the extraordinary work of the congregations and faith communities rep-resented here today. Whether fighting global poverty or working to end the scourge of human trafficking, you are the leaders of what Pope Francis calls ‘‘this march of liv-ing hope.’’ When the Earth cleaves in Haiti, Chris-tians, Sikhs, and other faith groups sent vol-unteers to distribute aid, tend to the wound-ed, rebuild homes for the homeless. When Ebola ravaged West Africa, Jewish, Christian, Muslim groups responded to the outbreak to save lives. And as the news fanned the flames of fear, churches and mosques responded with a powerful rebuke, welcoming survivors into their pews. When nine worshippers were murdered in a Charleston church basement, it was people of all faiths who came together to wrap a shat-tered community in love and understanding. When Syrian refugees seek the sanctuary of our shores, it’s the faithful from syna-gogues, mosques, temples, and churches who welcome them, the first to offer blankets and food and open their homes. Even now, people of different faiths and beliefs are coming to-gether to help people suffering in Flint. And then there’s the most—less spectac-ular, more quiet efforts of congregations all across this country just helping people. See-ing God in others. And we’re driven to do this because we’re driven by the value that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.006 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1302 September 20, 2016 
so many of our faiths teach us—I am my brother’s keeper, I am my sister’s keeper. As Christians, we do this compelled by the Gos-pel of Jesus—the command to love God, and love one another. And so, yes, like every person, there are times where I’m fearful. But my faith and, more importantly, the faith that I’ve seen in so many of you, the God I see in you, that makes me inevitably hopeful about our fu-ture. I have seen so many who know that God has not given us a spirit of fear. He has given us power, and love, and a sound mind. We see that spirit in people like Pastor Saeed Abedini, imprisoned for no crime other than holding God in his heart. And last year, we prayed that he might be freed. And this year, we give thanks that he is home safe. We pray for God’s protection for all around the world who are not free to practice their faith, including Christians who are per-secuted, or who have been driven from their ancient homelands by unspeakable violence. And just as we call on other countries to re-spect the rights of religious minorities, we, too, respect the right of every single Amer-ican to practice their faith freely. For this is what each of us is called on to do: To seek our common humanity in each other. To make sure our politics and our public dis-course reflect that same spirit of love and sound mind. To assume the best in each other and not just the worst—and not just at the National Prayer Breakfast. To begin each of our works from the shared belief that all of us want what’s good and right for our country and our future. We can draw such strength from the quiet moments of heroism around us every single day. And so let me close with two such sto-ries that I’ve come to know just over the past week. A week ago, I spoke at a ceremony held at the Israeli Embassy for the first time, hon-oring the courage of people who saved Jews during the Holocaust. And one of the recipi-ents was the grandson—or the son of an American soldier who had been captured by the Nazis. So a group of American soldiers are captured, and their captors ordered Jew-ish POWs to identify themselves. And one sergeant, a Christian named Roddie Ed-monds, from Tennessee, ordered all Amer-ican troops to report alongside them. They lined up in formation, approximately 200 of them, and the Nazi colonel said, ‘‘I asked only for the Jewish POWs,’’ and said, ‘‘These can’t all be Jewish.’’ And Master Sergeant Edmonds stood there and said, ‘‘We are all Jews.’’ And the colonel took out his pistol and held it to the Master Sergeant’s head and said, ‘‘Tell me who the Jews are.’’ And he repeated, ‘‘We are all Jews.’’ And faced with the choice of shooting all those sol-diers, the Nazis relented. And so, through his moral clarity, through an act of faith, Ser-geant Edmonds saved the lives of his Jewish brothers-in-arms. A second story. Just yesterday, some of you may be aware I visited a mosque in Bal-timore to let our Muslim-American brothers and sisters know that they, too, are Ameri-cans and welcome here. And there I met a Muslim-American named Rami Nashashibi, who runs a nonprofit working for social change in Chicago. And he forms coalitions with churches and Latino groups and African Americans in this poor neighborhood in Chi-cago. And he told me how the day after the tragedy in San Bernardino happened, he took his three young children to a playground in the Marquette Park neighborhood, and while they were out, the time came for one of the five daily prayers that are essential to the Muslim tradition. And on any other day, he told me, he would have immediately put his rug out on the grass right there and prayed. But that day, he paused. He feared any un-welcome attention he might attract to him-self and his children. And his seven year-old daughter asked him, ‘‘What are you doing, Dad? Isn’t it time to pray?’’ And he thought of all the times he had told her the story of the day that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Rabbi Robert Marx, and 700 other people marched to that very same park, enduring hatred and bigotry, dodging rocks and bot-tles, and hateful words, in order to challenge Chicago housing segregation, and to ask America to live up to our highest ideals. And so, at that moment, drawing from the courage of men of different religions, of a different time, Rami refused to teach his children to be afraid. Instead, he taught them to be a part of that legacy of faith and good conscience. ‘‘I want them to understand that sometimes faith will be tested,’’ he told me, ‘‘and that we will be asked to show im-mense courage, like others have before us, to make our city, our country, and our world a better reflection of all our ideals.’’ And he put down his rug and he prayed. Now, those two stories, they give me cour-age and they give me hope. And they in-struct me in my own Christian faith. I can’t imagine a moment in which that young American sergeant expressed his Christi-anity more profoundly than when, con-fronted by his own death, he said ‘‘We are all Jews.’’ I can’t imagine a clearer expression of Jesus’s teachings. I can’t imagine a better expression of the peaceful spirit of Islam than when a Muslim father, filled with fear, drew from the example of a Baptist preacher and a Jewish rabbi to teach his children what God demands. For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. I pray that by His grace, we all find the cour-age to set such examples in our own lives— not just during this wonderful gathering and fellowship, not just in the public piety that we profess, but in those smaller moments when it’s difficult, when we’re challenged, when we’re angry, when we’re confronted with someone who doesn’t agree with us, when no one is watching. I pray, as Roma so beautifully said, that our differences ulti-mately are bridged; that the God that is in each of us comes together, and we don’t di-vide. I pray that our leaders will always act with humility and generosity. I pray that my failings are forgiven. I pray that we will up-hold our obligation to be good stewards of God’s creation—this beautiful planet. I pray that we will see every single child as our own, each worthy of our love and of our com-passion. And I pray we answer Scripture’s call to lift up the vulnerable, and to stand up for justice, and ensure that every human being lives in dignity. That’s my prayer for this breakfast, and for this country, in the years to come. May God bless you, and may He continue to bless this country that we love. Rep. Aderholt: Thank you so much, Mr. President. Thank you for your encouraging and also your challenging word this morn-ing. As you know, this breakfast began with one of your predecessors, Dwight Eisen-hower; we appreciate you being with us all eight years. And now, let us get ready for the world that awaits us outside the walls of this hotel, and let’s hear again from our friend and our brother from Italy, Andrea Bocelli singing Amazing Grace. [Mr. Bocelli sings Amazing Grace] Mr. Andrea Bocelli: Thank you. Thank you very much. A few words in my terrible English. Ladies and gentlemen, and Mr. President, there is a dark shadow on the world in this period. Many children, elderly die under the bomb. The war is the worst in-cident of our intelligence. There is a very small word, an honorable word that is to the base of our tragedy. This word in Old Greek, is hubris. Hubris means pride. But there is also on the other side a big reason of happi-ness, a big reason to be optimist. This reason is the will to be all together and pray to-gether. To be all together also for a moment, to put aside our opinions, our ideas, our dif-ferent goals, and to be really very close and to pray. Thank you for this invitation. Thank you very much. Rep. Vargas: Wow, what a great morning. Better than what we ever imagined. Thank you, Jesus. Let’s take away the right kind of pride in what we have experienced today, the right kind. As my mother often said, ‘‘Never be ashamed of your faith in Jesus because you never want him to be ashamed of you.’’ As Democratic Leader Pelosi reminded us in her reading, Jesus prayed for us to be one and brought to complete unity, and we also heard that today with Mr. Bocelli. So here is my question to you, does Jesus get what he prays for? Let’s work for unity. Jesus asked God to send us all together to be one. Rep. Aderholt: In closing, let me challenge you with this. We have heard a lot about unity this morning, that is what Juan and I wanted, just what we were hoping would be the case. Division is a great problem, so unity is our greatest need, and we believe that we need to pray our way to that unity. We cannot achieve unity on our own. Hu-manity has tried and humanity has failed for centuries. We have tried, and we have failed in this city, Washington D.C. Unity is a gift from God and Jesus says, ‘‘Seek and ye shall find, knock and the door will be open to you.’’ Bring us the unity we need, Lord Jesus. And now to offer our closing prayer, Derrick Henry. Mr. Derrick Henry: Good morning. I am so glad and honored to be here to do this clos-ing prayer. We bow our heads. Lord Jesus, I thank you for gathering us here today, to hear from these great leaders and these great people, to hear God’s word about unity and us being united as one, and how important it is. Jesus Lord I pray for the people who weren’t able to eat breakfast today, people who don’t have clothes on their back or shoes on their feet, but I pray that you make them find a way and have faith in you that they will receive better days. Father God, I pray for the people who have cancer, who suffer every day with pain and heartache and that you one day will heal them from all the suffering and all the pain. And Lord, I want to pray for my generation, that every day we wake up we seek you, Lord for guidance and wisdom, and one day that we can stand up here and be great leaders, be great people, men and women to speak on unity and united as one, and how important it is to this country and to this world. My Father God, I pray that us as people, great people in here, that we continue to use our platform to help others and inspire others. And last, I would like to pray on the food that we are eating today. I pray that we bless the hands that prepared this food, and let it be nourish-ment to our bodies. In Jesus’ name we pray, Amen. Rep. Aderholt: Thank you again. Paco and I are very happy that you have joined us here this morning for this breakfast. I think it was very successful. Again, let’s give every-one at the head table a great hand. That concludes our breakfast, and the President and the First Lady will be leaving shortly. If you could stay in your seats for the next few minutes, but we do appreciate them as they’re leaving the building and their support for the National Prayer Break-fast. May God bless each of you that are here. May God bless the United States of America, and every country around the world. Thank you, and God Bless. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.007 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1303 September 20, 2016 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST: PART THREE 
HON. JEFF DUNCAN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, every week when the House of Represent-atives is in session, I like to attend the Weekly Members’ Prayer Breakfast in the Capitol. The United States Senate also holds a Prayer Breakfast each week as well. This weekly meeting of Congressional Members of faith, gave birth to the yearly National Prayer Break-fast. On Thursday, February 4, 2016 I had the privilege of attending the 64th Annual National Prayer Breakfast chaired by Representatives R
OBERT ADERHOLT and J UAN VARGAS . I would like to submit Part three of the transcript: 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST : PART  
THREE  Mr. Burnett: Yes, we are really fortunate and we are very grateful. But our faith has in fact led us to entirely build our TV careers and film careers on family friendly fran-chises, I mean shows like what was men-tioned—The Voice, Apprentice, Shark Tank, Survivor. Often every week four nights out of seven, we have the number one show in America. It is a lot of leverage, which is what matters in Hollywood. We took that le-verage and we told Hollywood we wanted to make a brand new series called The Bible. Yes, The Bible on prime time American TV. Of course our friends told us we are going to destroy our great careers because mixing entertainment and religion is going to make people really angry. But worst of all, they said we were idiots because nobody is going to watch The Bible on prime time TV—they know the story and they can get that in church. Well, as the Americans in this room know, The Bible became the most talked about television show in America, the num-ber one series that year, and 100 million of you watching. And here is what is really great—The Bible was also shown in Canada but they showed it up against the first game for the National Hockey League—but head to head, The Bible beat hockey. I guess we do know now up in Canada we can officially say that hockey is not God. Ms. Downey: At that time, The Bible was also up against a show called The Walking Dead and we won, and my favorite headline ran on CNN, ‘‘God beats zombies.’’ But far more important than the ratings were the stories of families sitting together in their living rooms watching The Bible. The stories of how God’s love for us unfolded through the ages, moved them, and engaged them be-cause faith was and is alive and well in America. The series helped to ignite a much larger conversation about God and faith in this country. We were also humbled that people were inspired to see us, a Hollywood couple of producers daring to speak out about our love of Jesus, daring to talk about our faith in God, and our sincere belief in the power of prayer. I can honestly say that I have never made a decision in my life, big or small, that I didn’t pray about first. The Bible series began with a prayer that started as a whisper in our hearts. Our dear friend, Rick Warren had said to us once, ‘‘The most dangerous prayer you can pray is, Lord, use me, because then you have to be ready that He might just do so.’’ All we did was ask him to use us. Mr. Burnett: And use us, he did, trust me. Yeah, it was a TV show but we are also still telling the story of the most sacred book of all time, the Bible, and we knew we had to get it right. It is a really important, huge re-sponsibility on our shoulders. So the first thing that we did was sign up 40 scholars and advisors—by the way, many of you are in this room right now—you know who you are—you backed us from the very beginning and stood shoulder to shoulder with us. And we thank you so much, all of you in this room who backed us. You know it was difficult to bridge all the theological gaps, the sway of denominations, but we prayed our way through the process and managed to create a series that brought people together and glorified God. I think it is fair to say—we have become Hollywood’s noisiest Christians. You know at least 90 million Americans attend church each Sun-day in this country; millions more find inspi-ration and hope in the person, the story, and the teachings of Jesus Christ. The Christian community is a mainstream community. They watch the NFL they watch The Voice, they buy tickets to Star Wars and go to Beyonce concerts. It is a community that loves Jesus, loves their country, it is a very cool community made up of millions of young believers. Many who have tattoos, earrings, they ride skateboards, they surf, they tweet, they are entrepreneurs and are a vibrant part of the new American economy. It is a very broad audience indeed. It is a community that we are really proud to be a part of, and a community that has covered us in prayer—as to our own surprise we al-most became the international spokespeople for the Bible. Ms. Downey: The making of The Bible se-ries was covered in prayer every step of the way. I can still remember sitting in the Mo-roccan desert under the shade of a rock and reading Scripture with actors, or praying to-gether with them as they prepared for a scene. When we were getting ready to shoot the crucifixion scene, I sent out an email re-questing that prayers would be sent ahead of us to clear the way. There were emotional and spiritual challenges of filming such a scene, as well as the physical challenge be-cause we had to hang an actor on a cross and that day the winds were very high and the sun was scorching, and we prayed for safety, and that God would use this series to open hearts to him. We had a man on the set whose job it was to wrangle snakes and scor-pions from each of the locations, and nor-mally he found about 1 or 2 snakes a day, but on the morning of the crucifixion, he re-moved 48 snakes from around the hillside of Golgotha and we believe that was the power of prayer at work—the symbolism of the snake wasn’t lost on any of us. We also prayed as we cast the series. We were only a few months away from beginning filming and we still hadn’t cast the most important role of Jesus. So I sent out an email to all my contacts with a header ‘‘Looking for Jesus.’’ We asked in prayer that the right actor would show up. Through a series of remarkable coincidences, we came across Portuguese actor, Diogo Morgado. As he walked up our garden path to meet us for the first time, I turned to Mark and said ‘‘There he is; there’s our Jesus.’’ He was an answer to a prayer, and his touching and affecting performance as Jesus helped to inspire millions of people around the world. Mr. Burnett: Yes, that role of Jesus was so important and it was last minute casting, and it was the answer to prayer, and the in-credible Hispanic actor Diogo Morgado beau-tifully portrayed, as you saw on the screen, Jesus in The Bible series. Everyone in the whole country was talking about this His-panic actor. And it reminds me of a great story. There are a couple of old men who are Christians, they lived next door to each other. One was an old black man; one was an old white man. They loved each other and they did everything together. In fact, they’ve only had one disagreement, the old black man was sure Jesus was black, and the old white man was just as sure that Jesus was a white man. Neither could ever con-vince the other. One day these great friends died together in a car accident. On their way up to heaven the old black man said ‘‘Buddy, we’re about to find out I was right all along, Jesus is a black man.’’ And the old white man said ‘‘I’m sorry you’re going to have to find out this way, because when we meet him, you’re going to see that Jesus in fact a white man.’’ They got there in great antici-pation and Jesus walked out to meet them, and he smiled at them and said, ‘‘Buenos dias.’’ Ms. Downey: Well, you know I suppose when you think about it, Jesus could have been Irish. He lived at home until he was 30. He never got married, and his mother thought he was God. You know, as a husband and wife producer team, not only do we get to do what we love to do but we get to do it together, and we have fun, you can tell, we have fun. But we also know that being in media comes with responsibility, for to those to whom much is given, much is expected. We are so pleased that our step of faith has reinvigorated faith and family programming in this country, and has hopefully inspired a whole new generation of artists to invest their talent and content that inspires and unifies. This is why we named the company that produced The Bible, Light Workers Media, because we have always believed that it is far more effective to light a candle than to curse the darkness. Let me say that again, we believe it is far more effective to light a candle, than to curse the darkness, and that is what we try to do—to light as many can-dles as we can. We just keep lighting candles in this often very dark, hostile and hurting world. Mr. Burnett: It is very easy to divide peo-ple, and it is very difficult to bring people to-gether. Did you know what we learned mak-ing The Bible? That just among Christians alone, there are over 30,000 denominations. When you think about that, it is crazy, right? And many have argued about their views of Jesus for thousands of years. So for us, working across the Protestant and the Catholic community, working in a very de-tailed way with the Jewish community, it was very, very challenging to make every-body happy as we told the story of The Bible. But we worked very, very hard, and as many people here advised us so closely, we learned to become bridge builders; and bridge build-ing became our mission. Ms. Downey: Building bridges has become so much of our mission and I know the power of a bridge from my own life’s journey grow-ing up in war torn Ireland. But today, if you go to Derry, you will find something new there. Peace has been restored there and there is now a walking bridge built across the River Foyle, and it is aptly called The Peace Bridge. It stands in defiance of all that once divided us—our very own bridge over troubled water. Protestant and Catholic chil-dren now play together, but more than that, the old hurts are healing. The leaders in Northern Ireland finally sat down and talked to each other, and listened to each other, and started to work things out together. We are at a time in the world’s history where there is so much pain and fear, and division everywhere, and these divisions show up in race, and in religion, and in politics. The di-viding lines are easy to find. The bridges to peace are harder to build. May we all find our dividing lines and work until we have built our own bridges of peace across them. On this day of the National Prayer Break-fast, we pray that with God’s help, our world 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.008 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1304 September 20, 2016 
can heal some of the hurts that wound us and the confusion that divides us, but it be-gins with us and perhaps a good place to start is to simply see the image of God in the eyes of everyone you meet. As Jesus said, ‘‘By this everyone will know that you follow me, that you love one another.’’ For in this spirit is the power of true faith that we learn to love each other. We know that television and film can be powerful ways of bringing in-spiration and hope through emotional stories that open your heart. As my dear friend the late Maya Angelou said, ‘‘People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.’’ Thank you so much, and may God bless you. Rep. Vargas: Wow, thank you so much. Muchisimas gracias. I have to say, thank you again, Mark. Thank you so much. Our purpose in this breakfast every year is to lift up Jesus as a solution to the problems of the world, and ask for the Lord’s help. In that vein, we came together today to love and pray for the President of the United States, and his family, and we do this with all our hearts and we appreciate the message that you brought today to us, it was so uplifting. Mr. President, when we were in law school together, I had lunch with one of our smart-est classmates, in fact I mentioned his name to you. And I asked him who he thought was really, really smart, and he said ‘‘This guy named Barack Obama; he’s really, really smart; and he may even become a Supreme Court Justice some day.’’ So there’s still time, Mr. President. There’s still time, you’re a young man. But all kidding aside, Mr. President, we honor you for your dignity. We honor you for your integrity. We honor you for your faith, the way you honor God with your life and your service to all of us. Ladies and gentle-men, for one last time at our National Pray-er Breakfast, it is my honor to introduce the President of the United States. f 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST: PART TWO 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, February 4, 2016 I had the privilege of co- chairing the 64th Annual National Prayer Breakfast with Representative R
OBERT ADER-
HOLT . I would like to submit Part two of the transcript: 
64TH NATIONAL PRAYER BREAKFAST : PART TWO  Rabbi Jack Bemporad: I think in these few days that we are together, there is such a spirit of love and joy, and affection. A sense that an environment is produced these days that elicits the very best in us and there is a constant struggle in everyone to find a way in which our best selves emerges. And the self that manifests the love of God, and the love of one’s fellow human being, and it calls us to something higher, to a calling that gives us the nobility of what it means to be a child of God. In this spirit, I would like to read from the book of Isaiah, Chapter 58. It is a reading that is done every Yom Kippur, Day of Atonement, in every synagogue throughout the world. It is a day, incidentally, where Jews fast. And yet on this very day when Jews fast, they read this. ‘‘Is such the fast that I choose, a day for a man to humble himself? Is it to bow down his head like a rush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? Will you call this a fast, and a day acceptable to the Lord? Is not this the fast that I choose: to loose the bonds of wickedness, to undo the thongs of the yoke, to let the oppressed go free, and to break every yoke? Is it not to share your bread with the hungry, and bring the home-less poor into your house; when you see the naked, to cover him and not to hide yourself from your own flesh? Then shall your light break forth like the dawn, and your healing shall spring up speedily; your righteousness shall go before you, the glory of the Lord shall be your rear guard. Then you shall call, and the Lord will answer; you shall cry, and he will say, Here I am. If you take away from the midst of you the yoke, the pointing of the finger, and speaking of wickedness, if you pour yourself out for the hungry and sat-isfy the desire of the afflicted, then shall your light rise in the darkness and your gloom be as the noonday and the Lord will guide you continually, and satisfy your de-sire with good things, and make your bones strong; and you shall be like a watered gar-den, like a spring of water, whose waters fail not. And your ancient ruins shall be rebuilt; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations; you shall be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of streets to dwell in.’’ Thank you. The Honorable Julian Castro: Good morn-ing. To President and Mrs. Obama, co-chairs Congressman Vargas and Congressman Ader-holt, and to all distinguished guests with us this morning. On this day of hope and of har-mony, let us pray. Dear Lord, we gather here as one, con-nected by the strength of our faith, by our pride in this great nation, and by our com-mon bond as Children of God. Let us remem-ber that each of us is beloved equally in the eyes of our Lord, and let us serve as instru-ments that spread your mercy to our broth-ers and our sisters. Jesus told the disciples in the book of Matthew that what we do unto the least among us, we do unto Him. So, just as the grace of God provides nourishment to our souls and sanctuary for our spirits, we must provide food to the hungry, care for the ailing, shelter to the poor. The Bible in-structs us to find unity in our faith, and compassion for all men and women through the example of Christ. And I pray that we will find inspiration from the second chapter of Philippians, which reads: ‘‘So if there is any encouragement in Christ, any comfort from love, any participa-tion in the spirit, any affection and sym-pathy, complete my joy by being of the same mind, having the same love, being in full ac-cord and of one mind. Do nothing from ri-valry or conceit, but in humility, count oth-ers more significant than yourselves. Let each of you look not only to his own inter-ests, but also to the interests of others. Have this mind among yourselves, which is yours in Christ Jesus, who though he was in the form of God, did not count equality with God a thing to be grasped, but emptied himself, taking the form of a servant, being born in the likeness of men.’’ Amen. Thank you and God bless. U.S. Representative Nancy Pelosi: Good morning. Mr. President and Mrs. Obama, all of the distinguished guests gathered here in prayer. I know we all want to thank Con-gressman J
UAN VARGAS and Congressman R
OBERT ADERHOLT for their leadership in making this morning’s breakfast such a suc-cess, and I thank them for giving me the op-portunity to read the following from the Gospel of John. In the gospel of John, we see the golden rule that stands at the heart of the gospel. And as we hear these words from John chapters 13, 15 and 17 we know that this message, this command of love is not con-fined to the New Testament. The same mes-sage stands at the center of the Torah, and the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed. From the Torah, it says, ‘‘Love your neigh-bor as yourself.’’ And from Mohammed, ‘‘None of you has faith until he loves for his brother or his neighbor what he loves for himself.’’ And now from the gospel of John: ‘‘Now before the feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour had come to depart out of this world to the Father.. . . ‘‘Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into His hands, and that he had come from God and was going to God, rose from the meal, took off his outer clothing and wrapped a towel around his waist. After that, he poured water into a basin and began to wash his disciples’ feet, drying them with a towel.. . . ‘‘When he had finished washing their feet, he put on his clothes and returned to his place, ‘Do you understand what I have done for you?’ he asks them. ‘You call me teacher and Lord, and rightly so, for that is what I am. Now that I, your Lord and teacher have washed your feet, you should also wash one another’s feet. I have set you an example that you should do as I have done for you. Very truly I tell you, no servant is greater than his master, nor is any messenger great-er than the one who sent him. Now you know these things, you will be blessed if you do them.’’ A little while later Jesus said, ‘‘As the Father has loved me, so I have loved you. Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love just as I have kept my Father’s com-mands and remain in His love. I have told you this so that my joy may be with you and that your joy may be complete. My com-mand is this: love each other as I have loved you. Greater love hath no one than this, to lay down his life for his friend.’’ And finally, listen to Jesus’ prayer for us, he went on to say: ‘‘My prayer is not for them alone, I pray also for those who will believe in me through their message that all of them may be one, Father, just as you are in me and I am in you. May they also be in us so that the world may believe that you have sent me. I have given them the glory that you gave me, that they may be one as we are one, I in them, and you in me, so that may guide to bring us to complete unity.’’ That is the gospel of the Lord. May the Lord guide us to answer this prayer of to-getherness, unity, and love, that we may be from many faiths, we may be united by our service to God and to one another. Amen. Thank you. The Honorable Robert Rigsby: Good morn-ing. Mr. President, our First Lady, this is truly the day that the Lord has made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it. Let us pray. Thank you, Father, for allowing us to live in a country where we can come together in your precious name. In peace, fellowship, and communion offering you praise, glory and honor. Father, we ask that you watch over our President, Barack Obama, as he literally carries the weight of the world on his shoul-ders. Continue to lead and guide him, and bless him with the courage of David and the wisdom of Solomon. Bless all of our national leaders from all branches of our government. Father, bless the leaders from around the world who are charged with the great respon-sibility to bring hope in the midst of hope-lessness, calm in the midst of chaos, and peace in the midst of war. Father, infuse in our leaders a call to action to protect those who cannot protect themselves. For as Dr. King said, our lives begin and end the day we become silent about things that truly mat-ter. Father, let our leaders never forget that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.008 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1305 September 20, 2016 
as a global community, or strength, our dig-nity, and our humanity are all closely linked to our willingness to help each other. Fa-ther, I pray that our leaders are led by faith because our faith lets us know you hear us. Father, because we have been granted this awesome responsibility to lead, we have the legal and moral obligation to strive to better conditions world wide. Father, your word and our faith provide us guidance. The Gos-pel of Matthew teaches that we must ‘‘first cast out of the beam out of thine own eye, and then shall thou see clearly to cast the moat out of thy brother’s eye.’’ Father, im-press upon our leaders the profoundness of this passage. I pray that our leaders will un-derstand that to earn our positions of leader-ship, we must constantly sit in judgment of ourselves. This is not an easy or a com-fortable task, but it is one that is essential— whether it is at a prayer meeting or during times of self-reflection—we must examine our actions in the crucible of our faith. In First Kings, Solomon is reminded of the promise that God made to David, that is if our people remain faithful, then when in need, our God would hear them. Father, faith is essential to all we do, and faith has been vital to me. I am so proud to share my faith with our national leaders because this nation has invested so much in me. I am humbled and honored to have served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a United States Army officer. My unwavering faith sustained me while I served in a combat zone away from my wife and my son. But more importantly, my faith sus-tained me when I was paralyzed shortly after returning from Afghanistan. My wife Anna and I relied on our faith to sustain us and keep us. Without faith, I know I would not be standing here today. I literally would not be standing here today. Father, remind our leaders that you told us to have faith in all we do, not some of what we do, but all we do, not just when it is popular or convenient. Let our leaders know that it is through pray-er and faith that our brave soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines that work to secure our homeland will return home when war will be no more. Father, remind our leaders that faith will sustain them, faith will keep them and faith will guide them. For I know first-hand that it is because my faith and the power of prayer that I stand before you today. I also pray that with continued faith and perseverance, our president will be strengthened, fortified, guided and directed to lead this great nation, and be a beacon of justice and peace around the world. In the precious name of Jesus, I give thanks. Amen. Rep. Aderholt: Thank you Judge Rigsby. And thank you God for answering our pray-ers, and we thank You again for this morn-ing and we offer all of these prayers up to the Father. Mark Burnett and Roma Downey are two of television’s most successful pro-ducers. They have made over 3,000 hours of American TV that airs in over 70 countries, and have received eight Emmy Awards. You know them from their productions of some of television’s most iconic shows, including The Voice, Shark Tank, Survivor, The Bible Se-ries, and their major motion picture, Son of God. Mark Burnett is the president of MGM Tel-evision and Digital Group, and his wife, Roma is chief content officer of Light Works Media. Many of you also know Roma from her starring role as Monica in the long run-ning hit TV show, Touched by An Angel. And to give you an idea of some of their work, we are going to look at a brief clip from their hit television series, The Bible. [Video clip from The Bible] Ladies and Gentlemen, please join me in welcoming the first husband and wife couple to ever address this breakfast, Roma Downey and Mark Burnett. Mr. Mark Burnett: Good morning, Mr. President, Madam First Lady, Senators, Congressmen, members of our armed forces, esteemed foreign representatives and guests. Roma and I are so grateful to be here this year. We are used to sitting out there, and have for many years and love this prayer breakfast. We are especially grateful this year to be speaking at President Obama’s last prayer breakfast, it is such an honor. We are also really, really glad to be here to share with you a little of our story about im-migrant, blue collar roots of coming to America. Ms. Roma Downey: Yes, it is a great bless-ing also for us to be here as a married couple and to get to do this together. As we heard, we are the first husband and wife team ever to speak at the National Prayer Breakfast. Mark and I have been working together, side by side for years, and most couples we know can’t even do yard work together without ar-guing. And yet we have been together every day, producing The Bible and AD, and the soon to be released, epic feature film, Ben Hur. And I just have to acknowledge Mr. Morgan Freeman, who is here today, who is one of the stars of Ben Hur. Spending so much time together as a hus-band and wife, is a blessing and a challenge, and perhaps the real miracle is that we are still speaking to each other. As business partners, we have different styles and ap-proaches. I might tap gently on a door, and my husband might kick the door down. And both can be effective, and like all partner-ships, we have learned to work as a team. And there is an art, of course, to public speaking. It should feel like a graceful dance, and speaking today, we will try not to step on each other’s toes. I am reminded of some of the great dancers from the past, like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and they moved so well together. And remember that Ginger did everything Fred did, but she did it backwards and in high heels. Of course you may be able to tell from our accents, I am Irish, my husband is English—but we don’t hold that against him. Mr. Burnett: Okay, I admit it. I was born in England but I am very lucky now, as is Roma now, to be an American citizen—so we can officially celebrate the 4th of July. I do know I am also lucky; I am the only person in the room who is married to an actual angel. Yeah, I know what you are thinking. Yes, I have been touched by an angel. Well, we are married. Ms. Downey: I was born and raised in Derry City, Northern Ireland near the bog side sec-tion, and Derry is the second city of the North and as you all know it was home to a great deal of violence and unrest, particu-larly in the 1970s and 1980s. Our city was di-vided by a river, which flowed through the middle segregating the communities; and Catholics lived on one side, Protestants lived on the other, and never the twain did meet. We hardly ever crossed the river to the other side. Those were scary and often dangerous times when shootings and bombings became a way of life. When I was just 10 years of age, my mother died and I remember going to visit her grave when a fierce gun battle broke out in the cemetery. I narrowly missed being shot, the bullet hole singed the coat I was wearing and missed my head by inches. Surely I must have had an angel watching over me that day. Through my teenage years I can remember sitting in my little bedroom on the street where we lived, looking out at the rain and listening over and over to one of the only cassettes that I owned. It was Simon and Garfunkel’s Greatest Hits and I loved the lyrics, for they created a poetic world where you could hear the sounds of si-lence and it seemed possible that you could really build a bridge over troubled waters. The lyrics painted a picture for me, a picture of America and a seed was planted. The American dream represented freedom, and opportunity, and there as a young Irish teen-ager, an American dream was born in my heart. Like so many immigrants before us, this great country has provided us with the opportunities to make our dreams reality. Mr. Burnett: Yet we both came seeking that same American dream. Thirty years ago, I left the British Army Parachute Regi-ment and I moved to Los Angeles with zero skills, but I did need a job and a place to live and I had a friend from home who lived in Beverly Hills and worked as a chauffeur for a rich family. He suggested a chauffeur might be a good job—at least I could drive a car—but there were no chauffeur jobs avail-able. But there was a job advertised and it sounded great. It was a live in position in Beverly Hills; got paid 125 dollars a week and the job did come with a room, a car, and even cable TV. The trouble was there were two words right at the front of the job de-scription, which made no sense for a guy from the parachute regiment. Those two words were: child care. My friend Nick told me it was a waste of time even going to the interview but I remember him saying ‘‘Mark, come on, how are you going over being the commando yesterday to Mary Poppins to-morrow, really?’’ But I knew I was desperate. So I showed up that night at 624 North Bev-erly Drive in Beverly Hills for a job inter-view. It was crazy. Keep in mind I was 22 years of age, I had just come out of the army. Irving, the husband, began by asking what on earth I was doing there. Here he had a 3 year old from this marriage, a 17 year old and a 19 year old from the previous marriage, and what did he possibly need another 22 year old kid for? What Earl said he needed was a nanny and a housekeeper. Just then his wife, Patty cut him off and said ‘‘Wow, you have an accent, where are you from?’’ I said ‘‘Ma’am, I’m from London.’’ She said ‘‘Oh, we love London.’’ Earl did not crack a smile, he was just annoyed so he started drilling me to get rid of me. He said, ‘‘This job isn’t just about chasing a 3 year old around a Beverly Hills estate—you need to do some cleaning. Can you clean Mark?’’ I said ‘‘Sir, I just left 4 years in the British army. They came around with a white glove to inspect our lockers every day. No one ever found a speck of dust on my locker.’’ Patty smiled and Earl got even more annoyed. Then he asked me ‘‘Okay, can you do laun-dry?’’ I said ‘‘Sir, laundry? We have to do all our own washing and ironing, I could iron a shirt with a crease so sharp you could shave with it.’’ Patty was loving this. But then Ir-ving finally got me when he said ‘‘Mark, can you cook?’’ I said ‘‘Sir, I’m British. My mom can’t even cook.’’ Anyway, I thought I wasn’t getting the job—but a few hours later, Patty called the number I had left where my friend Nick lived and said, ‘‘It’s a very soft sell, but you got the job. Can you start tomorrow?’’ And then I began the next day in America as a domes-tic help/nanny/housekeeper at 624 North Bev-erly Drive, Beverly Hills. This was really amazing. Last year, Roma and I, as a lot of you know, merged our company into MGM, which made me the president of MGM Tele-vision. And I was given an office on the top floor of MGM, right next to Gary Barber, the Chairman and CEO of MGM. I walked in there and looked at this incredible view of Los Angeles—the Hollywood sign, Beverly Hills and it dawned on me. The address of this building is 245 North Beverly Drive. I looked out the window up Beverly Drive and I could actually see the house where I was a nanny at 624 North Beverly Drive. You have to know, this can only happen in America. It’s the American dream. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.009 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1306 September 20, 2016 
Ms. Downey: Yeah, there are certain things that could only happen in America. Back when I emigrated from Ireland, I lived in New York City, and the very first job I had there was checking coats in a very fancy Upper West Side restaurant. The meals were lovely but so expensive and I never could have afforded to eat there myself. When I checked a coat, I used to get maybe a quar-ter a coat or sometimes a dollar on average. One night I checked the coat of Regis Philbin. He was the very first celebrity that I ever met, and he gave me a 20 dollar tip and I thought I died and went to heaven. Just a few years later, I was living in Los Angeles, starring on a TV show called Touched by an Angel and the show had millions of viewers each week and it was a big hit on CBS. Soon I was invited to fly back to New York and be a guest on the Regis Philbin Show. Checking coats one moment, starring on television the next—only in America. And I remember I told Regis that story and he laughed, and he laughed, and he was just so glad that he hadn’t stiffed me. Anyway, for almost 10 years I had the privilege of playing the angel, Monica on tel-evision opposite the great Della Reese, and we were undercover angels who showed up at a crossroad in people’s lives, often when they had hit the bottom, and in their brokenness, they had reached out to God for help. Every week I got to deliver a message of God’s love on national television to millions of people. As a believer myself, this was such an honor to share with the audience that there is a God, that he loves us, and that he wants to be part of our lives. Before we filmed these angel revelation scenes each week, we would pray a very simple prayer, ‘‘Less of me, God, more of you; less of me, more of you.’’ And we prayed because we hoped we would be used to touch people’s hearts and to open their lives to God—and thankfully that hap-pened thousands of times. Both Mark and I have been so blessed with our careers here in the United States, and we are both so fortu-nate and incredibly grateful. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MS. MARIA LOURDES GUTIE´RREZ 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague, Mr. B
ECERRA to honor the life of Ms. Maria Lourdes Gutie´rrez of Los An-geles, California. Maria passed away on May 19, 2016 after a year-long battle with cancer. She led a prolific career and will be greatly missed by her family, friends, and entire com-munity. Maria L. Gutie´rrez was born on September 23, 1954, in Los Angeles, California to Jose and Manuela Gutie´rrez. As the only child of immigrant parents, Maria’s story is a testa-ment to the American Dream. She grew up in East Los Angeles, graduated from Loyola Marymount University with a Bachelor’s de-gree in history and political science, and did graduate work at the University of Southern California. She worked for a short time as a station manager of KMEX in Los Angeles be-fore moving to Fresno in 1998, to serve as the General Manager for KFTV. Her hard work and determination allowed her to rise quickly to the position of Senior Vice President and Regional Director of Local Media for Univision until her retirement in 2012. Under Maria’s leadership, KFTV became a leading force in local news. She worked to raise the level of the local Spanish-language television stations during her career and she never stopped working to do so. With her guidance, KFTV won several awards for out-standing journalism, becoming the leading Spanish-language television station in the San Joaquin Valley and earned recognition and honors from various news associations. After her retirement, Maria continued to serve her community. Maria served on the boards of the Fresno State Bulldog Founda-tion, Fresno State Art and Humanities, the San Joaquin Debate Committee, the National Parks Conservation Advisory Board, and El Agua es Asunto de Todos, highlighting the im-portance of having a reliable and secure water supply in California. She was also the chair-man for the Complete Count committee for Census and was the President for both the Loyola Marymount University Latino Alumni Association and the National Association of Broadcasters Board. Maria’s faith and love for family, public serv-ice, and her community was guided by her strong belief in shining a light on issues that impact the quality of life in the Central Valley. Her hard work led her to be honored by sev-eral groups, including the Girls Scouts of Cen-tral California South, The National Women’s Political Caucus of Fresno County, and The Fresno Area Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. Maria received various awards, including ‘‘Women of Influence,’’ ‘‘Humanitarian Award,’’ ‘‘Hispanic Woman of Promise Award,’’ and the American Advertising Federation’s Silver Medal Award. Maria was passionate about her work and was a fantastic leader, mentor, and friend. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that Mr. BECERRA and I ask our colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to honor the life of Ms. Maria Lourdes Gutie´rrez. The positive dif-ference Maria made in the lives of others and her community will never be forgotten. 
f 
DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION RECOGNIZE THE 229TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DRAFTING OF THE CONSTITU-TION 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the 229th anniversary of the drafting of the Constitution of the United States was nationally noted on September 17, 2016. The Constitution, the greatest framework of human liberty, incor-porates the principles of freedom, equality and justice. Constitution Week, September 17–23, was initiated by the Daughters of the Amer-ican Revolution in 1955 to promote the ob-servance of the U.S. Constitution. The organi-zation also created the DAR Constitution Hall in Washington D.C. as a memorial to the en-during document. The DAR encourages patri-otism, education and historic preservation in communities across America and has contin-ued this mission, honoring and celebrating the Constitution and encouraging observance of Constitution Week throughout the nation, and in communities and classrooms, encouraging adults and children to study and discuss the Constitution. In recognition of this magnificent document and this important annual event, I congratulate the Daughters of the American Revolution for their ongoing commitment to our unique American history. f 
TRIBUTE TO LUELLA AND CLARK HERZBERG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Luella and Clark Herzberg of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 70th wedding anniver-sary. They were married in Oakland, California and celebrated their anniversary on July 16, 2016. Luella and Clark’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
INTRODUCING HOUSE CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE UNITED STATES SHOULD CONTINUE TO EXERCISE ITS VETO IN THE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL ON ANTI- ISRAEL RESOLUTIONS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a House Concurrent Resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regarding the Israeli-Palestinian peace process and to oppose anti-Israel measures considered by the United Nations General Assembly and other United Nations bodies. As we all know, Israel is routinely the sub-ject of unfair attacks at the United Nations. Israel is one of our nation’s great allies—a free and open democratic society in a region that is anything but—yet it is the only country in the world that has to defend its very right to existence on a daily basis. International bodies unfairly target Israel regularly, and it’s shameful. For instance, the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) has voted to con-demn Israel 62 times since its creation in 2006. Earlier this year, the UNHRC named Israel as the world’s top human rights violator. Here’s another example. Resolution 1, adopted during the 29th session of the Com-mission on the Status of Women last year sin-gled out Israel as the only nation responsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.009 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1307 September 20, 2016 
for women’s rights violations. You heard that right. Not Syria, where an entire ethnic group, the Yazidis, have seen their women and girls sold off as sex slaves; not Saudi Arabia, with its strict laws on modesty, where women can neither drive nor own property; and not Sudan, where young girls are married off at the age of 10 and where many of them are forced to undergo female genital mutilation. Earlier this year, the government of France convened a conference in Paris on the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. Notably, representatives from Israel and the Palestinian Territories were not invited. That is no way to negotiate. If the government of France takes the plan to the United Nations Security Council, it would effectively force a ‘‘solution’’ upon Israel at an arbitrary deadline, putting the entire country at risk. This is unacceptable. We have all seen the wave of terrorism that has swept through Israel in recent months. Israel must be allowed to maintain its security. Mr. Speaker, it is imperative that we, the United States of America, continue to stand up for Israel at the United Nations. We all want to see a resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict, but we know that it can only happen if both sides come together, sit down, and nego-tiate. My friend, Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu has offered to meet anywhere at any time, without any precondition, to continue negotia-tions. The Palestinian leadership, unfortu-nately, has refused or made excuses, and in-stead turned to international bodies. In doing so, they have turned from the peace process and focused instead on castigatory measures that will, in the long run, get them nowhere. And that is a shame. The United Nations can’t force peace. A resolution to the conflict requires difficult con-versations, and even painful concessions through mutual bilateral discussion. This is what needs to happen, and the United States must send this signal clearly and unequivo-cally. I urge this body to pass the resolution, which will do just that. 
f 
HONORING JEANELLE NORMAN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Jeanelle Norman, who was recently named Citizen of the Year by the Greater Decatur Chamber of Commerce. Jeanelle is perhaps most known for her work as the president of the Decatur branch of the NAACP, where she has spent the past few years fighting tirelessly for the inclusion and equality of all people in the greater Decatur area. However, Jeanelle is no stranger to activ-ism. In 1998, she saw a need for leadership in her community and began her campaign as the first black woman to run for mayor of De-catur. Although unsuccessful, she was later elected as the first black president of the De-catur School Board where she saw firsthand the needs of parents and children in Decatur’s public schools. Using her years of experience and advo-cacy on the School Board, Jeanelle channeled her desire to make a difference into the cre-ation of the Area Leaders and Education Re-sponse Team, whose focus is to improve rela-tions between Decatur’s community members and its law enforcement. This 11-member team works to spread accurate information in the event of high-profile incidents involving po-lice and the black community. For decades, the Decatur community has benefitted immensely from Jeanelle’s positive influence. I am very proud of Jeanelle for all of her accomplishments that have earned her the distinction of Citizen of the Year. She is truly an inspiration and I congratulate her on receiving this honor. f 
IN CONGRATULATING MARIELA MELERO ON BECOMING A 2016 SAMMIES FINALIST 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mariela Melero on being selected as a 2016 Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals finalist. This honor is one shared with a select group of other federal employees who have achieved excellence in their work to help others. Ms. Melero has earned this recognition through imparting her passion and commit-ment to improving immigration services for anyone seeking a better life in the United States. By enhancing the experience for those who seek help obtaining legal immigration status, Ms. Melero has simplified a sometimes com-plicated process. As the daughter of Cuban parents who sought refuge in Puerto Rico, Ms. Melero understands how important it is to give support to those looking for a better life. She has significantly aided those seeking immigra-tion help by developing an online portal and virtual assistant to help provide answers and resources to countless migrants. These cutting edge tools have distinguished Ms. Melero in her work. As a nation of immigrants, it cannot be understated how important it is to help indi-viduals who are seeking avenues to legal im-migration the proper advice that they need. Ms. Melero’s hard work and perseverance are exemplified in her receipt of this honor. We need to encourage more federal employ-ees, like Ms. Melero, who work hard and dedi-cate their lives to helping those seeking a bet-ter life for their families. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to highlight the importance of this recognition and what it rep-resents for Ms. Melero and our district. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ms. Melero on being a 2016 Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals finalist. I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE CENTER FOR THE STUDY OF CANADA AND THE CA-NADIAN STUDIES PROGRAM AT SUNY PLATTSBURGH 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 50th Anniversary of the Center for the Study of Canada and the Canadian Studies Program at SUNY Platts-burgh. The Center is dedicated to providing comprehensive scholarly professional develop-ment programs on Canada for residents of the United States. The Canadian Studies Program as SUNY Plattsburgh was founded in 1966. Nine years later the Center for the Study of Canada was established in 1975 and was recognized as a Title VI National Resource Center by the United States Department of Education in 1983. The Center offers the most comprehen-sive Canadian Studies undergraduate program in the United States, and spearheaded the CONNECT program, which works to promote Canadian Studies in American academic insti-tutions. The Center’s Canadian Studies Program gives students the opportunity to learn about Canada’s rich multiculturalism and its vital role as one of the largest trading partners with the United States. The Center offers students mul-tiple outreach programs, such as the Distin-guished Canadian Address, K–12 Initiatives, and Teaching Canada. These programs, as well as opportunities to study abroad in Can-ada, enable the Center’s students to learn more about our northern neighbor. Congratulations to the Center for the Study of Canada and the Canadian Studies Program at SUNY Plattsburgh on the 50th anniversary of its formation. I want to wish the Center and its students and faculty continued success in the future. f 
TRIBUTE TO ADA GOSHORN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Ada Goshorn on the occasion of her 100th birthday on August 19, 2016. Our world has changed immensely during Ada’s life. Since her birth, we have revolution-ized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars over-seas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet com-munism and witnessed the birth of new de-mocracies. Ada has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-four Gov-ernors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ada Goshorn in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ada on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
DAY OF RECKONING—PAKISTAN IS NOT A TRUSTWORTHY ALLY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Pakistan is not America’s trustworthy ally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.013 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1308 September 20, 2016 
For years, Pakistan has been aiding and abetting the enemies of the United States of America. These are not enemies who simply profess to hate us. These are groups and indi-viduals with American blood on their hands. However, the United States continues to give billions of money to Pakistan. Frankly, Pakistan has been playing both sides on the war on terror. Pakistan openly supported the Taliban both before and after they came to power in Afghanistan. They pro-vided the radical extremists with cover, cash, and weapons to conduct attacks. Senior Taliban leaders still live in Pakistan to this day. They are not all hiding in remote caves in the mountains far from the eyes of Pakistani officials. Some of these terrorist leaders are known to live in Pakistan’s capital, Islamabad. It came as no surprise that the leader of the Afghan Taliban was killed by a U.S. drone strike while in Pakistan in May. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the worldwide Taliban headquarters is . . . in the Pakistan city of Quetta. Pakistan is not America’s trustworthy ally. There is more. The Pakistan Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) Agency fosters close, cozy ties with the Taliban leaders, directly assisting them to carry out a terrorist agenda approved by Islamabad. Documents leaked in 2010 re-vealed direct meetings between the ISI and the Taliban to organize and orchestrate at-tacks on American soldiers in Afghanistan. Pakistan’s security services also maintain ille-gal ties to the Haqqani network, a rabid crimi-nal terrorist syndicate that has claimed re-sponsibility for numerous bloody attacks against American and NATO forces. Admiral Mike Mullen, the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, testified in 2011 that Pakistan supported many Haqqani network at-tacks in Afghanistan, including an assault on the U.S. Embassy. Admiral Mullen even called the Haqqani network ‘‘the veritable arm of Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence Agency.’’ Five years later, little has changed. This sum-mer, the Department of Defense announced that it could not certify that Pakistan has taken action against the Haqqani network. There-fore, Pakistan lost hundreds of millions of dol-lars of U.S. aid. Pakistan is not America’s trustworthy ally. Yet another terrorist group protected by the ISI is Lashkar-e-Taiba, the perpetrators of the 2008 Mumbai, India massacre. This mur-derous rampage claimed the lives of 166 indi-viduals and left over 600 wounded. This group arrogantly operates freely within Pakistan. Its founder Hafiz Muhammad Saeed is an open public figure in the country despite a $10 mil-lion dollar U.S. bounty on his head. Pakistan has even maintained contact with the per-petrators of the most devastating attacks on our homeland, al-Qaeda. In fact, in 1998 Paki-stani nuclear scientists met with senior al- Qaeda leaders to discuss the possibility of the terrorist group developing a nuclear weapon. Following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and the invasion of Afghanistan, out-law leaders of al-Qaeda and the Taliban knew just where to find a hideout—across the bor-der to Pakistan. Home sweet home. Evidence emerged in 2005 and 2008 that Pakistan’s ISI was working hand in hand with al-Qaeda operatives to purchase arms. Fur-ther evidence shows the bandit groups moved Arab fighters to fight against Americans trying to bring peace to Afghanistan. Finally, Pakistan was harboring public enemy Number 1, the coward Osama bin Laden, in a luxurious home near a military compound. American Navy SEALs brought justice upon his head in 2011. These are well established facts that even the Administration has acknowledged Paki-stan’s despicable record of combatting ter-rorism. The most recent edition of the State Department’s Country Reports on Terrorism plainly states that Pakistan ‘‘did not take sub-stantial action’’ against terrorist groups nor did it limit their ability to attack U.S. interests in neighboring Afghanistan. It details the ongoing capabilities of terrorist groups to ‘‘operate, train, organize, and fundraise in Pakistan.’’ Pakistan is not America’s trustworthy ally. In spite of this overwhelming evidence, the State Department still perversely and blissfully maintains that Pakistan is a ‘‘critical counter-terrorism partner.’’ This simply does not make sense. The American people demand an ex-planation. Is Pakistan a friend or a foe in the fight against terrorism? My bill, the Pakistan State Sponsor of Ter-rorism Designation Act of 2016, will require the Administration to answer this question. The President must issue a report in 90 days detailing whether or not Pakistan has provided support for international terrorism. Thirty days later, the Secretary of State must issue a fol-low-up report containing either a determination that Pakistan is state sponsor of terrorism or a detailed justification as to why Islamabad does not meet the legal criteria for designa-tion. A day of reckoning has arrived. Fifteen years after September 11, 2001, we have more than enough evidence to determine whose side Pakistan is on. And it’s not Amer-ica’s. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROUND ROCK WOMAN’S CLUB 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Round Rock Woman’s Club. Since its incep-tion, the RRWC has been heavily involved in the Round Rock community. From beautifying downtown Round Rock to hosting their Soup and Bread fundraiser which brings in over 800 people each year, these committed public servants know how to bring the community to-gether. Founded in 1966, the Woman’s Club has exemplified the strength of community that Round Rock so proudly boasts. Their Soup and Bread luncheon and silent auction allows the Woman’s Club to donate thousands of dol-lars to various charities in not only Round Rock but also throughout all of Williamson County. The Woman’s Club also awards two $1,000 academic and community service scholarships each year to carefully selected students at Round Rock High School’s Sub- Junior RRWC Club, also known as the Sweet-hearts. The purpose of the Round Rock Woman’s Club is to further any interests that enrich women’s lives as well as remain actively en-gaged in community participation and service, and they do a great job at that. I am proud to say that these ladies represent the core val-ues of the great city of Round Rock and am especially proud of the remarkable work they have done for us. Happy 50th birthday ladies and here’s to 50 more. f 
CELEBRATING EAST PENN MANU-FACTURING’S 70TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to join with my colleague from Pennsylvania, Representative R
YAN COSTELLO , to recognize the 70th Anniversary of East Penn Manufac-turing, a family-owned business located in Lyons, Pennsylvania that exemplifies the American spirit of hard work and ingenuity. As veterans returned home at the end of World War II, they were looking for reliable and affordable car batteries. DeLight Breidegam Jr., an Air Force veteran, and his father, DeLight Sr., responded to the growing demand for batteries in 1946 by starting a business to collect and rebuild old batteries. The following year, in 1947, Karl Gasche joined the Breidegams and was named the company’s Vice President. Gasche was an en-gineering graduate from the Massachusetts In-stitute of Technology, and as modern mate-rials became more available after the war, he designed a line of new batteries for the com-pany. This line, which was named ‘‘Deka,’’ is now one of the best known battery lines in America. East Penn has shown an exemplary com-mitment to environmental stewardship during the past seven decades. That commitment has been ingrained in the company’s identity and operations since day one through an ex-tremely successful battery-recycling initiative. Today, East Penn recycles approximately 30,000 batteries per day. Furthermore, East Penn is making advances in emerging tech-nologies, such as hybrid electric vehicles and smart grid services, which help to conserve energy and protect our environment. Since its inception 70 years ago, East Penn has grown to become one of the world’s lead-ing battery manufacturers with more than 8,000 employees and 450 product designs. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to offer our con-gratulations to the talented and hard-working employees at East Penn Manufacturing, as well as the entire Breidegam family, as they celebrate 70 years of success and innovation in the Berks County area and beyond. May they enjoy continued prosperity. 
f 
S. CON. RES. 46 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. Con. Res. 46, Expressing sup-port for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.017 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1309 September 20, 2016 
in their remaining years, and urging the Fed-eral Republic of Germany to continue to reaf-firm its commitment to comprehensively ad-dress the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. The Holocaust resulted in the murder of two-thirds of the Jewish population in Europe at the time of World War II. In addition to this, more Jewish people fled in the face of extermination and left behind friends, personal items, homes, and much more in the effort to preserve their own lives. To this day, there are approximately 500,000 Holocaust victims still alive around the world with 100,000 Holocaust victims cur-rently living in the United States. Of this large number of Holocaust survivors, tens of thousands are 80 years or older and 50 percent will pass away within the next dec-ade while the living victims will experience in-creased health needs as they become frailer. Even if age were not a factor, many Holo-caust victims still alive suffer from permanent and psychological disabilities and live with emotional scars from the systematic genocide of the Jewish people. Furthermore, Holocaust survivors often ex-perience trauma when their emotional and physical circumstances force them to leave their homes and enter into either institutional or other group living residential facilities, and the emotional and psychological scars are heightened in the elder age of these Holo-caust victims. Many Holocaust victims are currently living below the poverty line and cannot afford basic necessities such as healthcare, food, transpor-tation and other needs so that they may live their remaining time in comfort and dignity. The government often steps in to assist with these Holocaust victims given that many lack family support networks and therefore require additional support of social services. Additionally, the spokesperson for Chan-cellor Angela Merkel has stated that Germany accepts full responsibility for the Holocaust and effects thereof. Germany has also acknowledged that the support and funds they have been providing are insufficient to these increased needs of the Holocaust victims, and Germany agrees that resources and support must be expanded to meet these needs. These Holocaust victims have suffered enough, and it is the moral and historical re-sponsibility of Germany to comprehensively, permanently, and urgently provide support and resources for medical, mental health, and long-term care needs of all Holocaust victims. Because of this, we stand in support of working to ensure that all Holocaust victims in the United States and around the world are able to live in dignity, comfort, and security throughout their remaining years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FLORIDACHARACTER.ORG 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize FloridaCharacter.org for promoting morality in schools, families, communities and workplaces throughout our community. FloridaCharacter.org helps young people ev-erywhere strive to be ethical and engaged citi-zens irrespective of their backgrounds. They are a nonprofit organization that works with districts, schools and other organizations to help foster a culture where young people thrive both academically and morally. They provide the necessary resources for edu-cators, community activists, workplaces, and parents to create a productive environment. Due to the extraordinary success of their model, FloridaCharacter.org provides tutorials to organizations across the world who wish to institute similar values in their communities. This template is named ‘‘The 11 Principles of Effective Character Education’’ which appro-priately sums up their philosophy on character education. FloridaCharacter.org also helps people exchange ideas and resources through a network of organizations, schools, and indi-viduals while discussing potentially beneficial approaches to further their work. I would like to thank FloridaCharacter.org for being such an upstanding organization that works to encourage integral values such as honesty and respect, in parallel to an exem-plary education. I thank FloridaCharacter.org for their passion and exceptional work, and ask that this body join me in recognizing them as well. f 
TRIBUTE TO GUTHRIE COUNTY STATE BANK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa business, Guthrie County State Bank of Guthrie Center, Iowa as they celebrate their 85th anniversary. Founded on October 17, 1931, Guthrie County State Bank (GCSB) has grown from one bank location to a banking group that has branched out to realty, investment and ab-stracts. Its focus has never wavered from cus-tomer service and providing community serv-ice in Guthrie County. Mr. Speaker, over the last 85 years GCSB has left an indelible mark on the banking in-dustry and Guthrie County, Iowa. I commend Guthrie County State Bank and their employ-ees for a job well done. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in honoring Guthrie Coun-ty State Bank for its unwavering commitment to agriculture and the state of Iowa. I wish Guthrie County State Bank and their employ-ees nothing but continued success in their fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DAVID A. HINDIN ON BECOMING A 2016 SAMMIES FINALIST 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize David Hindin on being selected as a 2016 Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals finalist. This honor is one shared with a select group of other federal employees who have achieved excellence in their work. Mr Hindin has earned this recognition through im-parting his passion and commitment to im-proving regulatory compliance with the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s Office of En-forcement and Compliance Assurance. Through using modern technology and prac-tical policies, Mr. Hindin has helped to in-crease regulatory compliance with EPA regu-lations, keeping our air and waterways clean. Mr. Hindin recognizes the need not merely for regulation, but also for compliance with exist-ing polices. By holding industries accountable for their actions and improving transparency, Mr. Hindin and his office have encouraged companies to reduce the amount of pollution that they produce. The application of these cutting edge tools and ideas has distinguished Mr. Hindin in his field. Mr. Hindin’s hard work, perseverance, and excellence are exemplified in his receipt of this honor. We need to encourage more federal employees like Mr. Hindin who work hard and dedicate their lives to helping the environment. I look forward to Mr. Hindin’s continued suc-cess and innovation in his work. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to highlight the importance of this recognition and what it rep-resents for Mr. Hindin and our district. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Hindin on being a 2016 Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals finalist. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. f 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ARC LOS ANGELES AND ORANGE COUNTIES 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate The Arc Los Angeles and Orange Counties (The Arc LAOC) on its 60th anniversary, which is being celebrated on September 24th. Thanks to its advocacy and its array of services, intellectually and develop-mentally disabled individuals in my district have found new opportunities to participate in community life. I salute this dynamic organiza-tion, and all those it serves, on 60 years of hard work, progress, and triumph. The Arc LAOC has a rich legacy of pro-moting self-determination, dignity, and a high quality of life for all individuals. It was founded in 1956 by a handful of dedicated and re-sourceful parents seeking educational and em-ployment opportunities for their sons and daughters. Today, its programs and services assist more than 200 individuals with intellec-tual and developmental disabilities in Los An-geles and Orange Counties. With the organi-zation’s help, these individuals set and accom-plish goals relating to learning, living, working, and socializing. The past decade has been a time of sub-stantial growth for The Arc LAOC. Its latest addition, the Community Integrated Training Program (CIT), offers opportunities in the arts, culture education, hobby development, and community experiences to participants aged 22 to 49. Other developments have included the October 2014 opening of the Just-A-Buck 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.020 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1310 September 20, 2016 
store in Long Beach, and the renovation of Downey’s Reagan Banquet and Conference Center, named in loving memory of Bennie and Annie Reagan. The organization marked another milestone this past March, when it celebrated its 20th Annual Arc Walk for Independence. The Walk is a yearly opportunity for thousands of people from surrounding communities to gather in support of independence for individuals with developmental disabilities. I hope my colleagues will join me in cele-brating the 60th anniversary of The Arc Los Angeles and Orange Counties. Its decades- long record of service and success is a power-ful reminder that wonderful things can happen when we offer help and hope to our fellow Americans. Thanks to its strong partnerships with local agencies, leaders, and businesses, I have no doubt that it will continue to evolve as a leading community organization. 
f 
CULVER CITY CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, the City of Culver City kicks off a year of festivities this Saturday that will culminate in celebration of the 100th anniversary of its incorporation on September 20, 1917. Real estate developer and promoter Harry Culver saw a huge opportunity in the former Rancho La Ballona, and bought 93 acres of barley fields nestled at the foot of the Baldwin Hills. His plot was conveniently lo-cated at the junction of three major transpor-tation routes on the Pacific Red Car as they traveled between burgeoning downtown Los Angeles and the new resort developments at the beach, and early advertising claimed that ‘‘all roads lead to Culver City.’’ The city seal proclaims Culver City ‘‘The Heart of Screenland,’’ and many movies attrib-uted to Hollywood were actually filmed there, going all the way back to the Triangle Motion Picture Company in 1915, Thomas Ince Studio in 1918, and Hal Roach Studios in 1919. Over the years, those same movie lots have been home to Metro-Goldwin-Mayer, DeMille Studios, RKO-Pathe´, Desilu and other well- known production companies. Sony Pictures Studios, among others, now carries on the tra-dition of over a century of continuous movie- making. In addition to film and television business, Culver City has played host to a variety of in-dustries and entrepreneurs, whose products ranged from stoves to macaroni in the early years, to the famous Helms Bakery, whose former home still attracts business as a design hub. Howard Hughes opened Hughes Aircraft there in 1941, and the city is currently home to many thriving enterprises, including Symantec, Beats by Dre, NFL Media and NPR West. Culver City’s residents are justifiably proud of their schools, parks, museums and thea-tres, and their small-town feel within the me-tropolis of Los Angeles. Economically pros-perous, environmentally conscious, education- minded and civically engaged, the people of Culver City have much to celebrate. I would like to wish all the best to Mayor Jim Clarke and the other members of the City Council, to the city’s staff, and to its entire population as they embark on the city’s next century. f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY MABBITT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Ray Mabbitt of Council Bluffs, Iowa on his recent retirement as a Captain with the Council Bluffs Police Department after 33 years of service. He joined the Council Bluffs Police Depart-ment on January 24, 1983. Ray Mabbitt served as a uniform patrolman, detective, polygraph examiner, internal affairs, and officer in the criminal investigation units. He also served as the interim police chief after the retirement of Police Chief Ralph O’Donnell. Ray said, ‘‘Joining the police force was something I had wanted to do since high school.’’ He said he enjoyed coming to work every day because he always did something different. Ray said that he will miss his co- workers and city residents who have shown their support for him and the police depart-ment. Mr. Speaker, Ray Mabbitt made a difference by helping and serving others. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I know that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives will join me in recognizing his ac-complishments. I thank him for his service to the City of Council Bluffs and wish him all the best in the future. 
f 
H.R. 3471, THE VETERANS MOBILITY SAFETY ACT 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concerns about certain aspects of the Veterans Mobility Safety Act (H.R. 3471) as reported from the Veterans Affairs Committee. Thousands of disabled veterans each month are provided exterior vehicle lifts for their motorized scooters or wheelchairs and/or fully modified vehicles, depending on the degree of their mobility limitations. These serve as essential tools to ensuring that vet-erans have the freedom they deserve and help them live their lives to the fullest. While it is important to ensure that vehicles are oper-ating safely after they receive VA-funded ac-cessibility benefits, this legislation, which cre-ates a new regulatory regime for the VA to im-plement, would benefit from some minor im-provements. I am pleased that the Veterans Affairs Com-mittee stated that in approving this legislation, Congress intends for the VA to preserve ac-cess to residential installations and service of exterior vehicle lifts, which is essential for our veterans. Veterans with limited mobility, as op-posed to no mobility, often have an exterior lift installed on their vehicles via a standard trailer hitch that allows for the transport of a scooter or power wheelchair. Currently, the vast ma-jority of these lifts are installed in the driveway of the veteran’s home in as little as 30 min-utes, as opposed to an equipment dealer’s place of business, which is far more conven-ient for veterans and their families. These sim-ple modifications significantly differ from modi-fications to the structure or controls of a vehi-cle, which are not done at a veteran’s home and can take days or even weeks. And while the bill would permit manufactur-ers of vehicle lifts to continue to certify dealers and their employees as compliant with safety requirements, I would like to have seen a more robust conflict of interest provision re-lated to the use of a third party certification or-ganization for the new safety standards. The bill should also have explained more clearly how the new regulatory regime should dif-ferentiate between simple modifications, such as the addition of an exterior lift, and complex modifications, which affect the structure and/or operation of the vehicle. These simple changes to the bill could increase veterans’ safety while ensuring against unintended con-sequences that could limit choices and access for our veterans. H.R. 3471 authorizes the VA to allow third party organizations (other than manufacturers) to certify that vendors are meeting the stand-ards created by this bill but only instructs VA to ‘‘minimize’’ conflicts of interest. I am trou-bled because even a ‘‘minimal’’ conflict of in-terest could give segments of the automotive adaptive market a competitive advantage. I am particularly concerned that a trade group, which is dominated by and representative of a fraction of the industry, is seeking to become a certifying organization and could be in a po-sition to certify (or not) the competitors of its members. Accordingly, I am pleased that the Committee Report notes that Congress ‘‘ex-pects VA to take all appropriate steps to mini-mize the potential for conflicts of interest, par-ticularly if a third party organization who stands to unreasonably gain from designating quality standards high enough so that only the organization itself can certify providers of modification equipment is selected as a certi-fying body.’’ 
f 
NATIONAL DAY OF TAIWAN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note the upcoming National Day of Taiwan, which falls on October 10, and is re-ferred to on Taiwan as Double Ten Day. I ex-tend my best wishes to the people of Taiwan as they prepare for this important day, and also offer my best wishes for the day itself. As a Member of Congress, I am proud of the actions we have taken through the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) and the Six Assurances in helping to make it possible for the people of Taiwan to build the strong, prosperous, and democratic society they enjoy today. I would also note the excitement generated by the election of the first woman to the Taiwan’s presidency, whom I had the honor of meeting recently. Our bilateral relationship is as strong as ever, and I am confident it will continue to be in the years to come under President Tsai’s leadership. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.024 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1311 September 20, 2016 
In May Congress passed H. Con. Res. 88, reaffirming the TRA and the Six Assurances as the linchpin of our relationship and earlier in the 114th Congress, the House passed leg-islation regarding Taiwan’s participation at the World Health Assembly and INTERPOL. With the passage of H. Con. Res. 88, the people of Taiwan may be assured that Congress will continue to develop and grow our prosperous relationship. I encourage my colleagues to join me in a message of continuing friendship to the people of Taiwan, and in wishing them a Happy Dou-ble Ten Day. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LOUDOUN FIRST RESPONDERS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize the tremendous work of some of my constituents at the Loudoun First Responders. The Loudoun First Responders exemplify the very best of the traditions of public service to their community. Their dedi-cation to a high standard of conduct allows them to remain fearless while making a posi-tive impact in the lives of their neighbors. Becoming a First Responder takes unwaver-ing devotion. The Loudoun First Responders answer the calls of their neighbors in need with a limited amount of equipment, all while providing efficient and immediate care to ill and injured patients. These individuals are re-sponsible for the protection and preservation of life, property, and the environment. They constantly adapt to function in uncommon situ-ations in order to keep my constituents safe. Within the Loudoun First Responders, the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office, the Leesburg Police Department, the Middleburg Police De-partment, the Purcellville Police Department, the Department of Fire, Rescue, and Emer-gency Management, our healthcare providers, as well as 16 volunteer fire-rescue corpora-tions operating out of 19 stations all work tire-lessly to protect our citizens. These individ-uals’ dedication and skills greatly impact the community in which they serve. We readily commend them for their hard work and sac-rifice. Mr. Speaker, I now ask that my colleagues join me in thanking the Loudoun First Re-sponders for the outstanding service they have provided, and continue to provide, to our great Commonwealth. I wish them the best as they continue to serve and protect all in Vir-ginia’s 10th Congressional District. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND DEAN OLSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Dean Olson of Minden, Iowa, on the very special oc-casion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 16, 1966 at the United Church of Christ in Minden, Iowa. Joyce and Dean’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Bonnie, Pam, and Dee, and six grandchildren, truly em-bodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. f 
OGDENSBURG INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT GRAND OPENING 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Ogdensburg Inter-national Airport located in St. Lawrence Coun-ty, New York. The airport is owned by the Ogdensburg Bridge & Port Authority and has undergone a major expansion project. The sizeable expansion of the Ogdensburg International Airport is impressive in its scope and the time within which the project was completed. The runway of the airport has been extended to accommodate larger planes, and the terminal and parking lot have been modernized and expanded for increased use and traffic. These additions and improvements have allowed the Ogdensburg International Airport to partner with new airlines and offer additional flights, and will strengthen both the direct and indirect economic impact of the fa-cility on the community. This expansion project will enable airlines partnering with the Ogdensburg International Airport to offer low cost airfare, making travel to the North Country easier and more conven-ient. It is my hope that this airport will act as a signal to investors, both in and out of the area, that Ogdensburg can support growing in-dustries and expanding businesses. These im-provements will provide returns on invest-ments for the future, and will help establish a North Country presence beyond upstate New York. Congratulations to St. Lawrence County, the City of Ogdensburg, the Ogdensburg Bridge & Port Authority, and the Ogdensburg Inter-national Airport. I wish you all the best for con-tinued success in the future. 
f 
US–UK TRADE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the days leading up to the Brexit referendum, the Presi-dent told our friend, Britain that if they were to leave the European Union, they would end up at the ‘‘back of the queue’’ for a trade deal. What an absurd statement to make to our most important ally. Throughout history we have worked side by side with the U.K. to overcome global crises. After the disastrous foreign policy for the last eight years, America has few true friends left in this world. A free trade agreement between the U.S. and the U.K. should not be at the back of the line, but at the front. The U.S. and Britain share a common herit-age and values. We also have a deep and longstanding trade relationship grounded in our complimentary economies. The U.S. ex-ported over $76 billion in planes, helicopters, spacecraft, and aircraft parts to the U.K. in 2014. Our inability to work towards a trade agreement with the U.K. will negatively affect more than 40 Aerospace companies in Texas alone. We are Britain’s most important trading partner. The U.S. imports over $56 billion in goods every year from Britain and 20 percent of our exports bound for the EU end up in the U.K. market. We are also a major investor in the British economy, with U.S. foreign direct investment nearing $588 billion in 2014. Unlike the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Part-nership (TTIP), a trade deal with the U.K. would be simple to broker. It could be as easy as expanding NAFTA to include the U.K., or creating a new model for more simplified trade agreements with individual countries in the fu-ture. A trade agreement with the U.K. would not only deepen our close friendship, but would also chip away at non-tariff regulatory barriers that are being built around the Euro-pean Union, such as the different require-ments for testing the safety of cars and drugs. A more streamlined and efficient trading rela-tionship would reap benefits for both Wash-ington and London. Britain’s exit from the EU should be looked at as an American opportunity. The prospect of a bilateral U.S.–U.K. trade agreement is ex-citing; such an agreement would promote eco-nomic freedom, champion national sov-ereignty, and create a new model for other bi-lateral trade agreements. We have entered a strange time in politics— one in which free trade has never been more unpopular. Brexit presents a unique oppor-tunity to demonstrate the positive impacts of free trade with one of our closest allies. We have already seen what can happen to global markets if the U.K. appears isolated: in the wake of the Brexit referendum the British pound plummeted by 7.6 percent against the dollar. Britain’s continued seclusion will only cause more harm than good for the rest of us. And it doesn’t end there. Economic disaster in London will translate into a reassessment of military and diplomatic relations in Wash-ington. For the Administration to ignore both these risks and opportunities is a disservice to both our interests and those of our friends across the pond. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE U.S. DIS-TRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Cali-fornia. Fifty years ago on September 18, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.028 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1312 September 20, 2016 
Eastern District of California opened its doors to serve the people of counties across Cali-fornia, including those who live in my home-town of Sacramento. Over the last half-cen-tury, the judges, attorneys, and staff of the Eastern District have worked tirelessly to en-sure that justice is served, that cases are ad-judicated efficiently and fairly, and that the law is respected and upheld. Throughout its history, the Eastern District of California has been fortunate in the quality of its leadership. Judge Myron D. Crocker served as the District’s first Chief Judge, fol-lowed closely thereafter by Judge Thomas J. MacBride. Judge MacBride served in that ca-pacity for eleven years, making him the long-est-serving Chief Judge in the history of the Eastern District. Judge Philip C. Wilkins fol-lowed Judge MacBride as Chief Judge in 1979, and was in turn succeeded as Chief by Judge Lawrence Karlton in 1983. In 1990, Judge Robert E. Coyle became the court’s fifth Chief. His term ended in 1996, when the duties of Chief were assumed by Judge Wil-liam B. Shubb. Judge Shubb remains on the bench as a Senior District Judge to this day. He was succeeded as Chief by Judge David F. Levi, who held the post for four years until resigning his commission to train the next gen-eration of legal minds as Dean of Duke Uni-versity School of Law. Judge Garland E. Burrell served as Chief from 2007 to 2008, when he was succeeded by Judge Anthony W. Ishii. After Judge Ishii’s tenure as Chief concluded in 2012, Judge Morrison C. Eng-land, Jr. assumed the reins of the District Court’s leadership. The current Chief Judge of the Eastern District is Judge Lawrence J. O’Neill. The Eastern District of California has, from its inception, been one of the hardest-working district courts in the United States. Today, the court has the heaviest weighted caseload in the Ninth Circuit. The fact that the Eastern District’s docket carries more cases than most other courts in the country means that the judges, attorneys, staff, and volunteers of Cali-fornia’s Eastern District are some of the most dedicated and effective people in our country’s entire judicial system. I am proud to represent so many who do the critically important day-to- day work of adjudicating cases, dispensing justice, and upholding the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Eastern District of Cali-fornia on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE OF PAM HILLERY 
HON. RYAN K. ZINKE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Pam Hillery of Havre, Montana. After a four-year battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease (ALS), Pam passed away peacefully in the presence of her family late Wednesday night, September 15, 2016. This was a profound loss, not only for Havre, but for all of Montana. I was truly saddened to hear the news Thursday morning. I only had the privilege of meeting Pam and her husband Paul once, but they left a lasting impression on me and my staff. Last year, Paul and Pam made the long trek from Havre to Washington to advocate for legislation that would prioritize finding cures for chronic diseases like ALS. At the time, the House was still crafting and debating a solu-tion. I remember kneeling down next to Pam and listening to her story. Despite being bound to a wheelchair, her passion and dedication were truly inspirational. She knew her fate, but was still striving for a better future with those afflicted with this terrible disease. In Pam’s own words, ‘‘I’m not hopeful, but I’m not hope-less.’’ It was this fervent spirit that led me to cosponsor and help pass the 21st Century Cures legislation in the House of Representa-tives. While I only knew Pam for a short time, it became immediately and abundantly clear why her passing is such a loss to Havre, Mon-tana, and our nation. Her honest passion had the ability to inspire people to action. The town of Havre knows this better than anyone else. Pam epitomized what it means to be an active participant within the local community. She served on the Havre City Council for nine years, even after being confined to a wheel chair and losing her ability to speak. She was politically active, fighting for the causes close to her heart. From Missoula to Helena, she was constantly in motion no matter what it took. Most importantly, she was a loving and dedicated mother and wife to her children and husband. Pam leaves behind her husband Paul and children Caroline and Dolan. To each of them, you have mine and Lola’s sin-cerest condolences. Mr. Speaker, although Pam is no longer with us, I call upon this Congress to com-memorate her lasting impact. Whether serving her community as part of the Havre City Council or navigating the halls of Congress for causes close to her heart, she made a posi-tive impression at every single turn. She will be sorely missed by us all. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,520,012,359,884.18. We’ve added $8,893,135,310,971.10 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHANNON SMITH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shannon Smith for being honored as Iowa’s Adviser of the Year for the Future Business Leaders of America. She is a business instructor at Creston High School in Creston, Iowa. Future Business Leaders of America helps over 230,000 members prepare for careers in business and related fields. Its mission is to bring business and education together in a positive working relationship through innova-tive leadership and career development pro-grams. Ms. Smith was nominated by her stu-dents and recognized with this award at the 2016 National Leadership Conference. Mr. Speaker, I know that my colleagues in the United States Congress join me in com-mending Shannon Smith for her service as a teacher to students at Creston High School and congratulate her on this award. It is an honor to represent Shannon in Congress, and I wish her nothing but the best in her future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SUNY PLATTS-BURGH UPWARD BOUND 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 50th anniversary of the State University of New York at Plattsburgh’s Upward Bound Program. Upward Bound prepares high school students for suc-cess in college and professional careers. Since its founding in 1966, nearly 1500 stu-dents in the Plattsburgh area have completed the program. Through Upward Bound, high school stu-dents are afforded the opportunity to attend career fairs, shadow jobs, and complete in-ternships. Each year, participants of the SUNY Plattsburgh Upward Bound Program provide over 6,000 hours of community outreach in Plattsburgh. This specific Upward Bound Pro-gram gives students the incredibly unique op-portunity to take part in leadership experi-ences such as ocean classroom sailing, Adi-rondack wilderness trips, and participation in the National Leadership Congress. SUNY Plattsburgh’s Upward Bound is one of the oldest Upward Bound Programs in the country. In the past fifty years, over eighty per-cent of Upward Bound Alumni across the United States have pursued secondary edu-cation immediately after high school gradua-tion and more than fifty percent of those stu-dents have been able to complete their post- secondary education. Upward Bound Plattsburgh offers program-ming throughout the school year and during the summer as well, encouraging students to participate with their families. During the school year, the program offers college visits and bi-weekly counseling sessions, while in the summer, more than 45 classes are offered daily, covering every subject from math to his-tory, foreign languages and the sciences. In addition to these classes, cultural experiences and leadership opportunities are offered every week. The SUNY Plattsburgh Upward Bound Pro-gram has done a tremendous job of empow-ering and uplifting high school students since its founding in 1966. I want to wish its teach-ers, administrators, students, and alumni con-tinued success in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.032 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1313 September 20, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE NATIONAL DAY OF TAIWAN 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus, I would like to take this chance to celebrate the Na-tional Day of Taiwan. Taiwan has and continues to be a staunch ally of the United States, one who shares our common values of freedom, human rights, and civil society. I have personally had the privi-lege of visiting Taiwan and have seen, first hand, its proud democracy and strong econ-omy. As a part of their push for global integration, Taiwan has been seeking inclusion into inter-national organizations. My colleagues and I understand the need for Taiwan to be a part of the global conversation and have passed legislation to help Taiwan receive observer status in international organizations such as: the World Health Organization (WHO), the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), and the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol). I am pleased that for the last eight years, the World Health Assembly has continued to include Taiwan. Taiwanese experts have taken this opportunity to share their experi-ences with their counterparts from other coun-tries around the world and they continue to make contributions to the global health net-work. As a key aviation hub in East Asia, I would encourage the International Civil Aviation Or-ganization (ICAO) to utilize Taiwan’s expertise. Close to fifty eight million people each year enter, leave, or pass through the Taipei Flight Information Region. In addition, Taiwan is con-nected to over 100 cities around the world with hundreds of air-passenger and air-freight routes. In 2013, Taiwan was invited to attend the triennial ICAO assembly as a guest of the ICAO chair of the Executive Committee. It would be beneficial to Taiwan and the inter-national for Taiwan to be included in ICAO meetings. As Taiwan’s National Day approaches, I would like to encourage the ICAO to welcome Taiwan’s meaningful participation in its As-sembly this month, and I hope that we as a Congress continue to incorporate the Tai-wanese into the global network. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LOVETTSVILLE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BEING NAMED ONE OF AMERICA’S HEALTHIEST SCHOOLS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge Lovettsville Elementary School on being named one of America’s Healthiest Schools. Lovettsville Elementary has shown dedication to getting its students active and promoting a fit and healthy lifestyle. Lovettsville Elementary was awarded a sil-ver medal by the Alliance for a Healthier Gen-eration. This honor requires schools to meet stringent guidelines for serving healthier meals, pushing students to become active, of-fering physical and nutritional education, as well as empowering school leaders to become healthy role models. Students who attend healthy schools perform better academically, and have overall better attendance and atti-tudes towards school. Each of the students at this Lovettsville Elementary was challenged to live a healthier lifestyle over the course of the school year and the results were remarkable. In addition to the silver medal from the Alli-ance for a Healthier Generation, Lovettsville Elementary also received an Active Schools National Award from Let’s Move. Coming from a family of educators, I under-stand how important a strong education is to the future of our nation. It is schools like Lovettsville Elementary that will continue to help shape the United States’ role in the evolving global economy, while at the same time producing many of our nation’s future leaders. Lovettsville Elementary School has clearly shown that it cares about developing our children and has given them the tools to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Lovettsville Elementary School for this achievement. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING MAYOR MORRISSEY ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mayor Larry Morrissey as he leaves office after 12 years of service to the great people of Rockford, Illinois. Larry Morrissey began his career after win-ning an ambitious campaign for mayor in 2005. During his past three terms, he’s brought people together to fight for Rockford’s future and move our community in a positive direction. Mayor Morrissey’s commitment to improving lives all across Rockford can clearly be seen through his many accomplishments. Through his leadership, Rockford was the first city in the nation to reach a functional zero for veteran homelessness. Mayor Morrissey also realized that a strong infra-structure was necessary for a strong econ-omy, and made necessary investments in Rockford’s roads, bridges and water infrastruc-ture. Perhaps most importantly, he was com-mitted to creating a promising future for Rock-ford’s kids—and brought together community organizations to advocate for school improve-ments and impactful educational programs. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Mayor Morrissey’s tireless dedication to the people of Rockford. I wish him the best in his future en-deavors and thank him for his invaluable serv-ice to our region. H. RES. 660 HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution. Eight years ago this summer, Russia violated the sovereignty of our key ally in the Caucasus: the Republic of Georgia. It seems that nothing has changed with Russian behavior as South Ossetia and Abkhazia are still under Russian occupation as a result of its military aggression. As we are seeing around other areas of Eastern Eu-rope, particularly Ukraine, there is no end to the belligerence of Vladimir Putin. The development of Georgian democracy has served as a powerful example to the re-gion and has drawn a stark contrast with a re-vanchist and increasingly authoritarian Russia. It is critical that the United States continues to stand with its democratic allies in the region in order to thwart further aggression from a ruthless dictator like Putin. That’s why Congress must send this strong message: we will never recognize the occupa-tion of Georgia and we will continue to urge Russia to immediately withdraw from South Ossetia and Abkhazia. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important resolution. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEPUTY LARRY RAYBURN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Deputy Larry Ray-burn, a deputy who has served for more than seven years in the Macoupin County Sheriff’s Department. Deputy Rayburn’s quick and he-roic actions earlier this summer literally saved a life. Early in the morning of May 27, Deputy Rayburn responded to a call at Otter Lake Campground that a young man was experi-encing an asthma attack. The young man was on a camping trip and found himself without an inhaler. Deputy Rayburn, who had previously served as an emergency medical technician arrived at the scene 10 minutes after receiving the call from the young man’s mother. He concluded that the asthma attack had closed off the young man’s airway, and used a plastic airway device from his squad car to reopen it. The deputy’s quick actions helped restore the victim’s skin color and allowed him to con-tinue breathing until the local paramedics ar-rived and were able to put him on a ventilator. The Macoupin County Sheriffs Department recently awarded Deputy Rayburn with their ‘‘Lifesaving Award,’’ and I stand here today to honor him for his courageous actions that morning and to thank him for his service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.036 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1314 September 20, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND STANLEY KOENIG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Stan-ley Koenig of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on April 30, 1966 at St. John’s Lutheran Church in Council Bluffs. Joyce and Stanley’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Kirk and Lisa, and their grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniver-sary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF ROYALTON BOR-OUGH 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I have the distinct privilege and honor to recognize the 125th An-niversary of Royalton Borough, located in the southern portion of Dauphin County in Penn-sylvania. The history of Royalton is extensive and substantial, dating back to several native groups that called the area home, including the Susquehannocks, Conoys, Nanticokes, Conestogas, and the Shawnees. Both Captain John Smith and William Penn explored the area surrounding the Susquehanna River. In 1608, Penn deemed the area to be so impres-sive that he proposed a city that would eclipse Philadelphia. Unfortunately, the shallow water of the river would prove to be a deterrent from Penn’s grandiose plans; however, Port Royal—which would officially be deemed Roy-alton in September 1891—served as an active and important trading post. The Pennsylvania Canal would open to pub-lic use in 1834, running through Lower Roy-alton. The canal’s opening provided a new transportation option and facilitated trade by providing a route from Philadelphia to Pitts-burgh, carrying goods such as anthracite coal, salt, and iron. When transportation pref-erences shifted to rail travel, Royalton also evolved and a large number of residents either worked for the railroad or its associated indus-tries. Throughout their history, Royalton’s resi-dents have consistently demonstrated an un-surpassed resilience and commitment to strengthening and evolving their community to-gether. Today, the borough continues to be made up of hard-working people with a heart for their neighbors and their community. I ask that the House join me in celebrating with Royalton Borough on the joyous occasion of its 125th Anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 20TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF REV. DAVID N. HARRINGTON 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rev. David N. Harrington of Good Hope Baptist Church in Asbury Park, New Jersey on his 20th pastoral anniversary. Rev. Harrington continues to provide out-standing spiritual leadership to the greater As-bury Park community. Rev. Harrington received his Masters of Di-vinity Degree from New Brunswick Theological Seminary. Installed as Pastor of Good Hope Baptist Church on September 15, 1996, Rev. Harrington’s background has helped him lead his congregation. Prior to his service to Good Hope Baptist Church, Rev. Harrington was an Associate Minister for three years at St. Paul Baptist Church and was also a member of the Trustee Board. A basketball player at Dela-ware State University, Rev. Harrington was also President of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. In addition to his service to Good Hope Baptist Church, Rev. Harrington is an active member of his community. As a member of the pastoral staff at Jersey Shore University Medical Center and the Drug Prevention Coor-dinator for the Long Branch Housing Authority, Rev. Harrington continues to offer guidance and support to the greater community. Currently residing in Neptune, New Jersey, Rev. Harrington and his wife Cecelia are blessed with two children, a daughter, Ivy and a son, Seth. Rev. Harrington is a graduate of Middletown High School South and earned his undergraduate degree in Business Administra-tion from Delaware State University. Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in celebrating the 20th Pastoral Anniversary of Rev. David N. Harrington. His leadership, service and dedication to the church and com-munity are truly deserving of this body’s rec-ognition. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I unfortu-nately missed a vote during a vote series on September 14, 2016. Had I recorded my vote, I would have voted: ‘‘No’’ on roll call no. 510, on the passage of the Regulatory Integrity Act of 2016 (H.R. 5226). IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 295—TO REAU-THORIZE THE HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES HISTORIC PRESERVATION PROGRAM HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 295, to Reauthorize the His-torically Black Colleges and Universities His-toric Preservation Program. H.R. 295 would authorize the appropriation of $10 million annually from 2017 through 2023 for the Historic Preservation Fund to pro-vide aids for the restoration and preservation of historic structures at Historical Black Col-leges (HBCUs). As a member of the Bipartisan Congres-sional HBCU Caucus which promotes and pro-tects the interest of HBCUs by: creating a na-tional dialogue, educating Members of Con-gress and their staffs about the issues impact-ing HBCUs, drafting meaningful bipartisan leg-islation to address the needs of HBCUs, and supporting students and graduates of HBCUs by increasing access and career opportunities. The Historically Black Colleges and Univer-sities Preservation Program works to preserve, and stabilize historic structures on HBCU cam-puses through projects such as structural sta-bilization, repairing damaged masonry, replac-ing antiquated electrical and plumbing sys-tems, abating environmental hazards such as asbestos, repairing termite damage, fixing leaking roofs. Too much of the history of African Ameri-cans has been lost due to it not being consid-ered important enough to note by historians outside of the community, and the fact that much of it is held in the records of black churches that may have been destroyed by arson. This is why the HBCU preservation project is so important. Since 2009, no funds have been appro-priated for this program to support the preser-vation and stabilization of HBCU structures. Just as I have supported previous efforts to preserve and repair HBCUs, I also support this measure to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Pres-ervation program. I stand with and thank my colleague Rep-resentative J
AMES CLYBURN for the introduction on this important bill, which encapsulates the sentiments I have about the importance of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. I am proud to count Texas Southern Univer-sity as an institution within my constituency, a great HBCU—located in my Houston, Texas Congressional District. Texas Southern University has a rich history with nine academic units, 1,000 dedicated staff members, and over 9,200 esteemed stu-dents. I have continuously partnered with Texas Southern University (TSU) to promote edu-cation opportunities and collaborate on com-munity projects. I led the initiative to get more than $13 mil-lion in Financial Aid Relief for the students and campus of Texas Southern University. I continue to keep the TSU university com-munity informed about major issues impacting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.041 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1315 September 20, 2016 
citizens within the 18th congressional district and throughout the U.S. For example, I initiated the digitization projects for former U.S. Members of Congress Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland, both of whom have permanent archives at Texas Southern University. I helped established the Barbara Jordan Medallion to be awarded each year at a cere-mony held at Texas Southern University to an individual who advocates for the community. I also assisted with the establishment of several scholarship Endowments at Texas Southern University. I created a partnership with Comcast at TSU’s School of Communication, which offers scholarships, internships and in-kind mar-keting. I established the Center for Transportation, Training and Research in TSU’s College of Science, Engineering, and Technology. HBCUs have worked diligently to be where they are today. Martin Luther King once said, 
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character—that is the goal of true education. 
Since the 1980s and continuing for more than 25 years, the National Park Service has awarded over $40 million in matching grants and $15 million in earmarked grants to more than 80 Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities (HBCUs) to assist them in repairing historic buildings on their campuses. On September 18, 2009, former Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar announced the 20 HBCUs that were the beneficiaries of historic preservation grants aimed at providing assist-ance in the repair of historic buildings on their campuses. President Barack Obama signed the Amer-ican Recovery and Reinvestment Act to jump- start our economy, create or save millions of jobs, and put a down payment on addressing long-neglected challenges so our country can thrive in the 21st century. Included in this act was $15 million that was competitively awarded to HBCUs for the pres-ervation of campus buildings listed in the Na-tional Register of Historic Places. HBCUs do not just educate—HBCUs have and will continue to fill an important role in education opportunity and engagement for mil-lions of young people from diverse back-grounds. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 295, to support Reauthorization of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation Program. 
f 
275TH ANNIVERSARY OF UPPER HANOVER TOWNSHIP 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, Upper Hanover Township is celebrating an important date this year—the 275th anniversary of its establishment as a township in Montgomery County. As part of the original William Penn Land Grant, this southeastern Pennsylvania community, once part of the greater Hanover Township, was settled mostly by Germanic people who left their European homes in search of religious and social freedom—the story of America. On the anniversary of the township’s 275th founding, it is only fitting we recognize the township’s heroes who sacrificed to ensure the most precious freedoms, which the town-ship’s founders valued and yearned for, would be preserved for future generations of Ameri-cans. Today, Upper Hanover is dedicating military seals in recognition of those individuals who served, sacrificed and sadly, those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. Veterans of World War I and II called Upper Hanover home. And, just like their forefathers it was the rich fertile land that attracted them. Their diligent work ethic made agriculture the leading industry in the early period. Centuries later it has grown with many families and resi-dents actively participating in the community, government and business. I offer my heartiest congratulations to Upper Hanover Township on this milestone year. f 
WEST LOS ANGELES LEASING ACT OF 2016 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5936 the West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016, which would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to enter into leases in order to construct per-manent supportive housing on the West Los Angeles VA Medical Center campus. As a member of the Air Force Reserve, I under-stand the sacrifice our veterans make in serv-ice to our country and I’m committed helping them get the services they need. There is a critical need for long-term sup-portive housing on the West Los Angeles Campus, and enhanced use leases would allow the Department to work with community and state organizations toward the goal of ending veteran homelessness in Los Angeles. If enacted, this legislation will enable the VA to construct 1,200 units of housing for homeless veterans and offer new robust services on the campus such as vocational training, recreation and spiritual support. The legislation also en-sures that all leases on the campus principally benefit Veterans and strengthen the partner-ship between the VA and leaseholders. The bill allows the VA to renew any lease entered pursuant to these provisions after giving Con-gress 45 days’ notice of the intent to renew. I want to acknowledge the leadership of VA Secretary Bob McDonald and the tireless work of his team this past year in developing the Master Plan. I also want to thank Senator D
IANNE FEINSTEIN for her leadership in author-ing companion legislation in the U.S. Senate, and House Veterans Affairs’ Committee Chair-man J
EFFMILLER and Acting Ranking Member M
ARKTAKANO for helping to guide this legisla-tion to passage in the House. I am confident Senator F
EINSTEIN will now take this legislation across the finish line in the Senate. And I especially want to recognize the con-tributions of vital local stakeholders, including veterans, veterans service organizations, the plaintiff partners, providers, and the commu-nity for their collaborative effort and unprece-dented support this past year. Without this co-operation, the Master Plan and progress on this legislation would not have been possible. Today’s actions help us move forward on our unwavering mission to honor the debt we owe our nation’s veterans. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BARBARA MEIGGS 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Barbara Meiggs, a resident of Hanson, Massachusetts, who will soon be celebrating her 101st birthday, and who is a recipient of the Boston Post Cane, presented to the oldest citizen of a town in a proud New England tradition. Barbara was born on October 17, 1915 in Brockton, Massachusetts and later moved to Whitman, Massachusetts where she grad-uated from Whitman High School at 18 years old. Shortly thereafter, she married Carlton Meiggs and was happily married for 67 years. In the intervening years, Barbara and Carlton raised their two sons, Russell and Weston, who in turn grew to have wonderful lives of their own, making her a grandmother and then great-grandmother. In addition to her accomplishments as a mother, Barbara was a dedicated volunteer in the Jordan Hospital community. First joining the information desk in 1978, and then becom-ing a fixture in the ‘‘Bonnet for every baby’’ program at Jordan Hospital, Barbara’s acts of kindness were often the first to welcome chil-dren into the world. For her outstanding serv-ice, Barbara was presented an official citation from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 1994, and the President’s Call to Service Award a decade later. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor what has already been a distinguished and well lived life. I ask that my colleagues join me in recog-nizing her life and community service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE BOSTON LIGHT ON ITS 300TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Boston Light, the first American Aid to Navigation, on its 300th anniversary. As was originally proclaimed even before our nation’s birth: ‘‘Whereas the want of a Lighthouse at the entrance of the harbor of Boston, hath been a great discouragement to Navigation, by the loss of the lives and estates of several of His Majesties subjects,’’ an Act for building and maintaining a lighthouse at the entrance of the harbor of Boston was passed by the Great and General Court or Assembly of His Maj-esties Province of Massachusetts Bay in New England in 1715 for prevention whereof. The Boston Light was first lit on September 14, 1716, almost 60 years before the Declara-tion of Independence was signed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:05 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\E20SE6.REC E20SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1316 September 20, 2016 
Since then, the lighthouse has stood a faith-ful watch over Boston Harbor, helping the City of Boston to become a thriving international port and laying the foundation for the U.S. Coast Guard’s Aids to Navigation mission. Among its many missions as the maritime service responsible for the safety, security, and stewardship of American waterways, Aids to Navigation is the Coast Guard’s oldest mis-sion, and that mission started with the Boston Light. That lone lighthouse on Little Brewster Is-land gave rise to the world-class system of U.S. Coast Guard Aids to Navigation that in-cludes more than 48,000 buoys, beacons, ranges, sound signals, and electronic aids that safely guide thousands of vessels a day sail-ing on our nation’s 25,000 miles of waterways. Around the nation, the Coast Guard’s sys-tem of Aids to Navigation keeps the American economy on course by enabling marine cargo transportation that generated $4.6 trillion of economic activity and accounted for more than a quarter of the U.S. Gross Domestic Product in 2015. The Boston Light is also the Coast Guard’s only lighthouse that still has a Keeper as-signed. For the last 13 years, that has been Sally Snowman, the 70th Boston Light Keeper and the first woman to hold the position in three centuries. This Weymouth, Massachu-setts native proudly keeps the light shining today. Sally is among the more than 2,500 Aids to Navigation Professionals, made up of Active Duty Coast Guardsmen and Coast Guard civil-ians serving at the U.S. Coast Guard Head-quarters, Area, District, and Sector Waterways Management Offices. In addition, Aids to Navi-gation professionals are aboard 75 cutters, and at 64 Aids to Navigation Teams across the nation who maintain the Aids to Navigation that save lives, protect property, and enable commerce by ensuring safe, secure, and resil-ient waterways. Mr. Speaker, the Boston Light has served our nation well for 300 years and the men and women of the Coast Guard proudly uphold its legacy of light today. It is my distinct honor to take the floor of the House today to honor the Boston Light on its tri-centennial anniversary and to honor the U.S. Coast Guard personnel who continue to guide our mariners through our vital water-ways. 
f 
TUESDAY’S IN TEXAS: RICHARD KING 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Richard King is one of the many faces who shaped the ethics of hard work and endurance that define Texan values. He is the founder of King Ranch, but started his career as a river man, steamboat businessman, and later a livestock capitalist. He was born in New York City in 1824 to a poor Irish family. At only nine years old, Richard was indentured to a jeweler. However, he soon escaped as a stowaway on the Desdemona, a massive ship headed to Alabama. Once arriving, he spent the majority of his on the Alabama river learning from other boaters, and by the time he was 16 years old, he was a steamboat pilot. Richard joined the army in 1842 to fight the Seminole War in Florida, and it is there that he met Mifflin Kenedy, who eventually became a longtime business partner. During the war, Richard King started and commanded the ‘‘Colonel Cross’’ to transport troops and sup-plies down the river. When peace was made, Richard became a partner of M. Kenedy and Company, Mr. Mifflin Kennedy’s steamboat company. But he didn’t stop there. Richard began to expand his property, and after years scattered with trials, failures, and finally success, he be-came a master businessman. This aspiring gentleman’s purchases and income grew greater and greater by the day. In several partnerships, he bought land in the Nueces Strip in 1853, when he purchased the 15,500- acre Rinco´n de Santa Gertrudis grant from the heirs of Juan Mendiola, then 53,000-acre Santa Gertrudis de la Garza grant from Jose ´ Pe´rez Rey. These pieces of at first barren land became the birthplace of King Ranch. With expansions and renovations, this land increased, and by the time of his death in 1885, King had made over sixty major pur-chases of land and amassed some 614,000 acres. Every good Texan knows of the trails to northern markets and Ft. Worth stock market. Richard sent more than 100,000 livestock up these trails, taking it upon himself to expand the Texas ranching industry. Richard King was not only a rancher, river man, and businessman, but a man of gen-erosity and service to his country, using his re-sources as he could in every battle. He sym-bolizes the heart of the American dream, ris-ing from an indentured servant and runaway boy, to one of the wealthiest and most power-ful men of the West. He died at the Menger Hotel in San Antonio. His last instruction to his lawyer was, ‘‘Not to let a foot of dear old Santa Gertrudis get away’’. And that is just the way it is. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE STEVE AND CHANTELLE JENNETT FAMILY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate The Steve and Chantelle Jennett family of Blockton, Iowa for being recognized as a 2016 Way We Live Award winners at the Iowa State Fair. The Way We Live Award recognizes Iowa families for their hard work and love of farm-ing. Steve started farming with his father in 1989 and after marrying Chantelle, purchased more farmland where they have raised their three children. Their farm enterprise includes row crops, broiler chickens, and wean to finish hogs. Each family member helps with the daily chores and they are also involved in Pork Pro-ducers, Taylor County 4–H, and a number of other community activities. Mr. Speaker, the example set by the Jennett family demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them with the world. Their hard work embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating the Steve and Chantelle Jennett family for their achievements and wish them nothing but con-tinued success. f 
JOHNSTOWN’S 50 PLUS CLUB 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 50th Anniversary of the Johnstown’s 50 Plus Club in Johnstown, New York. Established in 1966 at the Shirley J. Luck Senior Citizens Center, the mission of the club is to promote healthy and active life-styles to its members while giving them a safe place to congregate and socialize. The staff at the Center is always looking for new ways to engage the members by pro-viding activities and programs that interest them. Members of the club gather for their weekly meetings, meals, day and weekend trips and weekly walks. In addition to social programs, the Center offers informational pro-grams to ensure that seniors know and under-stand the different options available to them in today’s ever changing world. Congratulations to the town of Johnstown and the Shirley J. Luck Senior Citizens Center on establishing this group and continuing to provide activities to our senior citizens over the past fifty years. I want to wish the staff of the Shirley J. Luck Senior Center and the members of the 50 Plus Club continued suc-cess in the future. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF GOVERNOR EDWARDS’ BIRTHDAY 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th birthday of Governor John Bel Edwards of Louisiana. One of eight children, Governor Edwards learned the im-portance of helping others at a very young age, which he’s shown through his profound strength and leadership in governing our great state of Louisiana. A retired Airborne Ranger for the United States Army and a diligent pub-lic servant, Governor Edwards has always put his community and nation first. Within his first 8 months in office, Governor Edwards has focused on the state’s crippling budget crisis, led our recovery from the his-toric floods that destroyed more than 100,000 homes, and worked to bring the community to-gether after two tragic shooting incidents. Through it all, he has focused on the positivity in our citizens and the need for rebuilding our state. Governor Edwards has faced every task and issue with an optimistic attitude, always believing that better days would be coming for Louisiana. I am proud to wish my friend a happy birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.049 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1317 September 20, 2016 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MAXIE BROADDUS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with the sad news that Mr. Maxie Broaddus, a lifelong resident of Caroline County, Virginia passed away on December 31, 2015. As a fourth generation farmer, Maxie spent his en-tire life farming the land in and around his na-tive county. At the young age of 16, he dedi-cated his life to hard work and his family, starting with only 650 acres of land. Maxie Broaddus was a businessman, role model, and friend to so many. At the time of his passing, he farmed 7,000 acres spanning the counties of Caroline, Essex, and Rich-mond, making him the executive of one of the largest growing operations in all of Virginia. He was always open to new ideas and tech-nology, allowing his business to thrive. As a member of Salem Baptist Church, he enjoyed fellowship as he walked in faith every day. He also had a passion for helping the children of the area. He donated both time and talent to countless children’s events and was often heard saying, ‘‘It’s all about the kids.’’ Maxie was never one to seek out rec-ognition for his good works. He was known and respected for his dedication and will con-tinue to inspire the members of the Caroline community. Maxie loved the people of Caroline County, he loved our great Commonwealth of Virginia, and he loved his country. He always gave of himself to make the lives of others better. He is survived by his daughters, Mindy Broaddus, Jessica Broaddus, and Danni Broaddus; his mother, Pat Homes; his brother, Mike Broaddus; his half-brother, Leo Mitchell; his grandsons, Weston James, and Own Wade Parker and his aunts, Mary Scott Haley and Jackie Dean. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me and countless others as we recognize the many contributions of Maxie Broaddus. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HELEN AND RICHARD FORRESTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Helen and Rich-ard Forrester of Carson, Iowa on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on July 16, 1966 at Hazel Dell Methodist Church in Crescent, Iowa. Helen and Richard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. f 
COMMEMORATING THE NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the National Day of the Republic of China (Taiwan) this upcoming October 10th, 2016. This day commemorates the beginning of the end of China’s Qing Dynasty and the subsequent establishment of the Republic of China. In 1979, the U.S. Congress passed the Tai-wan Relations Act, which was signed into law one month after being introduced. Today the TRA is the cornerstone of the robust relation-ship between the people of the United States and the people of Taiwan. Taiwan is a good friend to the United States. Our shared values include respect for market institutions, democracy, free elections, and human rights. Taiwan is also an important strategic partner, promoting peace and sta-bility in the region. Our economic relationship continues to grow, with benefits for both coun-tries. According to the U.S. Department of Commerce, U.S. trade in goods with Taiwan reached $66 billion last year. Impressive for a population of only 23 million people, Taiwan has become America’s ninth largest trading partner. Taiwan is also the ninth largest export market for the Commonwealth of Virginia, and its fourth largest export market in Asia. In addition, the 39th Assembly of the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) will take place soon in Montreal, Canada, begin-ning on September 27, 2016. Congress passed a law in 2013 calling for Taiwan’s par-ticipation in the triennial ICAO assembly as an observer. With wide international support, Tai-wan was invited to attend the 38th ICAO As-sembly in 2013. Considering the Taipei Flight Information Region (FIR), which is adminis-tered by Taiwan and provides over 1.53 mil-lion instances of air traffic control services, handles 58 million incoming and outgoing pas-sengers in 2015, and serves as an indispen-sable part of the global air transport network, I hope to see that Taiwan will be invited to ob-serve again this year. I wish the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day. I look forward to further strength-ening this important relationship in the years to come. 
f 
NO MORE EXCUSES, NO MORE LIES. RESTORE THE VOTE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to address the ongoing problem of voter suppression in this country and the pressing need to restore the vote. The American people are tired. Tired of the lies, tired of the excuses and tired of being si-lenced. Our country was founded on the strong values of democracy and those prin-ciples are embedded throughout the Constitu-tion. Why then must we continue to fight and ask the leaders of this country to support an essential right—the right to vote? Instead of making changes, Republicans in Congress are making excuses—excuses to justify suppres-sive voting laws and false alarms of an al-leged concern of voter fraud. This is an elec-tion year and there is too much at stake. Enough is enough. Following the 2013 Supreme Court decision in Shelly v. Holder, states all across the coun-try put in place new suppressive voting laws including new regulations for voter IDs under the guise of fighting against the problem of voter fraud. Mr. Speaker, too often a lie can be viewed as truth simply because the lie is repeated over and over and over again. But here is the truth—one of the most comprehen-sive studies to date found that between 2000 and 2014, out of nearly one billion votes cast in America, there were only 31 possible cases of voter impersonation fraud. 31 out of one bil-lion. Is voter fraud truly a problem in this coun-try? The numbers and facts reveal quite the opposite. The cost/benefit analysis simply doesn’t add up. Hundreds of thousands of eligible voters are potentially being blocked from the ballot box because of these new suppressive voter ID laws. The voter fraud myth has been used as a pathetic excuse to justify the silencing of select Americans nation-wide. Where there is no vote, there is no voice. We can no longer allow Americans to be silenced and subjected to these charades. Republican leaders cannot continue to say they support voting rights, while refusing to re-store the Voting Rights Act. They cannot con-tinue to say they disavow racism, while refus-ing to restore the Voting Rights Act and pro-tect against racial discrimination at the polls. The hypocrisy has to stop. The repeated lies need to end. We are in desperate need for im-mediate action in this country. These threats to our democracy and civil rights bar thou-sands of Americans from their right to the vot-ing polls. I am committed to push for improv-ing and strengthening voting rights legislation that makes voting easier, not harder for the American people. On this Restoration Tuesday, I give us all the charge to battle against the continued sup-pression of the American vote and stand strong by our principles of democracy, liberty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, my Repub-lican colleagues should join the 168 members of Congress and support H.R. 2867—the Vot-ing Rights Advancement Act of 2015. Let’s re-store the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It is the right thing to do. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MRS. LYDIA DE LA VINA DE FOLEY TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CLUB OF WASHINGTON, D.C. 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor an outstanding indi-vidual, Lydia de La Vina de Foley, who will step down this month as Executive Director of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20SE8.018 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1318 September 20, 2016 
the Congressional Club after more than four decades of service to this important federally chartered institution. Lydia first began her work at the Congres-sional Club as a volunteer illustrator of the Club’s Bicentennial Congressional Club Cook-book in 1975. In 1977, she was asked to come on full time as Secretary to the Club. In the 1990’s Lydia became Administrative As-sistant to the President of the Club, and then became its Executive Director in the 2000’s. Throughout her tenure, Lydia has served under twenty-two Club presidents and, as she aptly describes, ‘‘lived through thirty-nine First Lady’s Luncheons, the Club’s premiere annual event honoring the nation’s First Lady. She has been part of the Congressional Club’s continued growth and development as a key center of bipartisan comradery in the Nation’s capital. Lydia has been a Life Member of the Club since April 10, 1981 and became a member through her father-in law and mother-in law, the late Honorable John Foley and Lucy Foley of Maryland. Founded in 1908, the original purpose of The Congressional Club was to provide a non- partisan setting for friendships among the spouses. Although the scope of the Club and the breadth of its activities have increased over the years, its purpose remains the same. The Congressional Club is rich in history and tradition, and we can thank Lydia for being an integral part of it. I also want to commend Lydia’s family who has stood by her all of the years she has helped to lead the Congressional Club includ-ing her husband, John (Jackie) and her chil-dren, Bryan Juan Carlos and Nicole Vivianne. Lydia says that her most memorable experi-ences as part of the Club are ‘‘the friendships forged with many members and presidents of the Club.’’ Her dedication and commitment can be summed up as ‘‘be willing to do every-thing and work hard.’’ Mr. Speaker, Lydia has a been a friend to hundreds of Congressional spouses over these past four decades, and because of her dedication, she has truly made Washington, D.C. and the Congress a better place. Lydia, we will miss you. We honor her on this day with love and good wishes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20SE8.054 E20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D946 Tuesday, September 20, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5891–S5911 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and one reso-lution were introduced, as follows: S. 3353–3365, and S. Res. 572.
                                                 Pages S5906–07 
Measures Reported: S. 1886, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other purposes, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–354) S. 2644, to reauthorize the Federal Communica-tions Commission for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–355) S. 3270, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S5906 
Measures Passed: Marcelino Serna Port of Entry: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5252, to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’, and the bill was then passed.
     Pages S5910–11 
Charles Duncan Buried with Honor Act: Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 3076, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish caskets and urns for bur-ial in cemeteries of States and tribal organizations of veterans without next of kin or sufficient resources to provide for caskets or urns, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                       Page S5911 
Daines (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 5081, to make a technical correction.
                           Page S5911 
Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission Act: Senate passed H.R. 2615, to estab-lish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centen-nial Commission.
                                                       Page S5911 National Bison Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 572, designating November 5, 2016, as National Bison Day.
                                                                     Page S5911 
Battle Monuments Commission: Senate passed H.R. 5937, to amend title 36, United States Code, to authorize the American Battle Monuments Com-mission to acquire, operate, and maintain the Lafay-ette Escadrille Memorial in Marnes-la-Coquette, France.
                                                                             Page S5911 
Measures Considered: Legislative Branch Appropriations Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5325, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017. 
                                                                             Pages S5893–S5905 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 89 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 144), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                Pages S5904–05 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, September 21, 2016; and that all time during recess or adjourn-ment of the Senate count post-cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
          Page S5911 
Appointments: Public Interest Declassification Board: The Chair announced, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–567, the reappointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Public Interest Declassifica-tion Board: Kenneth L. Wainstein of Virginia. 
                                                                                            Page S5911 
Foreign Military Sale—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding rule XXII, at 11:15 a.m., on Wednesday, September 21, 2016, Senator Paul, or his designee, be recognized to offer a motion to dis-charge S.J. Res. 39, relating to the disapproval of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D947 September 20, 2016 
the proposed foreign military sale to the Govern-ment of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia of M1A1/A2 Abrams Tank structures and other major defense equipment; that there be up to 3 hours of debate equally divided between the proponents and the op-ponents, with Senator Paul controlling 30 minutes of the proponents time; Senator Murphy controlling 15 minutes of the proponents time; and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on or in relation to the motion to discharge.
    Page S5902 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5907–08 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5908–10 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S5906 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S5910 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5910 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—144)
                                                        Pages S5904–05 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:36 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, September 21, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5911.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of General John E. Hyten, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Commander, United States Stra-tegic Command, Department of Defense, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. WELLS FARGO Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Wells Fargo’s unauthorized accounts and the regulatory re-sponse, after receiving testimony from Thomas J. Curry, Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury; Richard Cordray, Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; John Stumpf, Wells Fargo and Co., San Francisco, California; and James Clark, Office of the Los Angeles City Attorney, Los Angeles, California. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of W. Stuart Symington, of Missouri, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Andrew Robert Young, of California, to be Ambassador to Burkina Faso, and Joseph R. Donovan Jr., of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Indonesia, all of the Depart-ment of State, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. SOUTH SUDAN Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine South Sudan, focusing on op-tions in crisis, after receiving testimony from Kate Almquist Knopf, Director, Africa Center for Stra-tegic Studies, National Defense University, Depart-ment of Defense; Jok Madut Jok, The Sudd Insti-tute, Los Angeles, California; Luka Biong Deng KUOL, Peace Research Institute Oslo, Oslo, Nor-way; and Peter Yeo, United Nations Foundation, Washington, D.C. LABORATORY TESTING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine labora-tory testing in the era of precision medicine, after re-ceiving testimony from David S. Klimstra, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, New York; Brad Spring, BD Life Sciences, Baltimore, Maryland; Jeff Allen, Friends of Cancer Research, Washington, D.C.; and Karen Kaul, NorthShore University HealthSystem Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Evanston, Illinois. U.S. SEED AND AGROCHEMICAL INDUSTRY Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine consolidation and competition in the United States seed and agrochemical industry, after receiving testimony from James C. Collins, Jr., DuPont, Wilmington, Delaware; Tim Hassinger, Dow AgroSciences, Indianapolis, Indiana; Erik Fyrwald, Syngenta AG, Basel, Switzerland; Jim Blome, Bayer CropScience LP, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina; Robert T. Fraley, Monsanto, St. Louis, Missouri; Diana L. Moss, American Anti-trust Institute, Bob Young, American Farm Bureau Federation, and Roger Johnson, National Farmers Union, all of Washington, D.C.; and Christopher Novak, National Corn Growers Association, Chester-field, Missouri, on behalf of the American Soybean Association. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD948 September 20, 2016 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6068–6090; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 98; H. Con. Res. 157; and H. Res. 874, 877–878 were introduced.
                            Pages H5710–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5712–13 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5713, to provide for the extension of certain long-term care hospital Medicare payment rules, clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratorium-ex-cepted long-term care hospitals, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–761, Part 1); H.R. 5946, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–762); H.R. 5963, to reauthorize and improve the Juve-nile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–763); H.R. 5037, to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Colum-bia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–764); H.R. 5785, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers (H. Rept. 114–765); H.R. 5625, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–766); H.R. 5931, to provide for the prohibition on cash payments to the Government of Iran, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–767); H.R. 5883, to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties relating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–768); H.R. 470, to authorize the sale of certain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia (H. Rept. 114–769); H.R. 845, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to sig-nificantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–770, Part 1); H.R. 5957, to include disabled veteran leave in the personnel management system of the Federal Aviation Administration (H. Rept. 114–771); H.R. 5873, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 114–772); H.R. 5011, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–773); H.R. 5147, to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–774); H.R. 5065, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to notify air carriers and security screening personnel of the Transportation Security Administra-tion of such Administration’s guidelines regarding permitting baby formula, breast milk, and juice on airplanes, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–775); H.R. 5943, to amend the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allowable uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish periods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–776); H. Res. 875, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3438) to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial review; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5719) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of certain equity grants; and providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–777); and 
H. Res. 876, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5461) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional commit-tees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–778). 
                                                                                    Pages H5709–10 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Smith (NE) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5645 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D949 September 20, 2016 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:13 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H5646 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Special Needs Trust Fairness Act: H.R. 670, amended, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicaid rules regarding supple-mental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those beneficiaries, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 383 yeas to 22 nays, Roll No. 521; 
                                                                      Pages H5648–50, H5694 
Amending title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide for an annuity supplement for certain air traffic controllers: H.R. 5785, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity sup-plement for certain air traffic controllers, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 399 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 522;
                                                       Pages H5662–63, H5694–95 
GAO Access and Oversight Act of 2016: H.R. 5690, to ensure the Government Accountability Of-fice has adequate access to information, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 404 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 523;
                                  Pages H5663–64, H5695–96 
GAO Mandates Revision Act of 2016: H.R. 5687, to eliminate or modify certain mandates of the Government Accountability Office;
         Pages H5670–71 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Cor-poral Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5612, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Georgia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H5671–72 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’: H.R. 4887, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’;
                                           Pages H5672–73 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5150, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Is-land, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Of-fice Building’’;
                                                            Page H5673 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Ox-ford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5309, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Ox-ford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’;                                                                                     Pages H5673–74 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Of-fice’’: H.R. 5591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Vet-erans Post Office’’;
                                            Pages H5674–75 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest High-way in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5676, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’;
                                                             Pages H5675–76 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5889, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H5676–77 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’: H.R. 5356, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’;
                             Pages H5677–78 
Amending title 49, United States Code, with re-spect to certain grant assurances: H.R. 5944, to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to certain grant assurances;
                                 Pages H5698–99 
Federal Aviation Administration Veteran Tran-sition Improvement Act of 2016: H.R. 5957, to in-clude disabled veteran leave in the personnel man-agement system of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion;
                                                                   Pages H5699–H5700 
Designating the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’: H.R. 3937, amended, to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD950 September 20, 2016 
in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Judge Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’;
     Pages H5702–03 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the building utilized as a United States court-house located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’.’’.
                                                Page H5703 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:32 p.m.
                                                   Page H5693 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Supporting Youth Opportunity and Preventing Delinquency Act of 2016: H.R. 5963, amended, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act of 1974;
          Pages H5650–62 
District of Columbia Judicial Financial Trans-parency Act: H.R. 4419, amended, to update the fi-nancial disclosure requirements for judges of the District of Columbia courts;
                        Pages H5664–65 
District of Columbia Courts and Public De-fender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act: H.R. 5037, amended, to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separa-tion incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; 
                                                                                            Page H5666 
Modernizing Government Travel Act: H.R. 5625, amended, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employ-ees traveling on official Government business; 
                                                                                    Pages H5666–68 
Program Management Improvement Account-ability Act: S. 1550, amended, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in cer-tain Federal agencies;
                                       Pages H5668–70 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’: H.R. 5798, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H5678–79 
Emergency Citrus Disease Response Act of 2016: H.R. 3957, amended, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to temporarily allow expensing of certain costs of replanting citrus plants lost by reason of casualty;
                                                     Page H5679 
Expanding Seniors Receiving Dialysis Choice Act of 2016: H.R. 5659, amended, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to ex-panding Medicare Advantage coverage for individ-uals with end-stage renal disease (ESRD);                                                                                     Pages H5679–81 
Providing for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for out-patient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016: H.R. 5613, amended, to provide for the extension of the enforce-ment instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2016;
        Pages H5681–82 
Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016: H.R. 5320, amended, to restrict the in-clusion of social security account numbers on docu-ments sent by mail by the Social Security Adminis-tration;
                                                                    Pages H5682–83 
United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act: H.R. 5946, amended, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games;
                                                                    Pages H5683–85 
Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016: H.R. 5713, amended, to provide for the extension of certain long-term care hospital Medicare payment rules, clarify the applica-tion of rules on the calculation of hospital length of stay to certain moratorium-excepted long-term care hospitals;
                                                                Pages H5685–88 
Prevent Trafficking in Cultural Property Act: H.R. 2285, amended, to improve enforcement against trafficking in cultural property and prevent stolen or illicit cultural property from financing ter-rorist and criminal networks;
                      Pages H5688–90 
Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers Restraining Excessive Sei-zure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act: H.R. 5523, amended, to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the prop-erty to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of con-cealing the violation of another criminal law or regu-lation, and to require notice and a post-seizure hear-ing for such seizures;
                                       Pages H5690–93 
Amending title 49, United States Code, to in-clude consideration of certain impacts on commer-cial space launch and reentry activities in a navi-gable airspace analysis: H.R. 6007, to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of certain impacts on commercial space launch and re-entry activities in a navigable airspace analysis; 
                                                                                    Pages H5696–97 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D951 September 20, 2016 
Directing the Secretary of Transportation to pro-vide to the appropriate committees of Congress ad-vance notice of certain announcements: H.R. 5977, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Congress advance notice of certain announcements;
                      Page H5697 
Airport Construction and Alteration Reform Act of 2016: H.R. 6014, amended, to direct the Federal Aviation Administration to allow certain construc-tion or alteration of structures by State departments of transportation without requiring an aeronautical study;
                                                                       Pages H5700–01 
Bathrooms Accessible in Every Situation (BA-BIES) Act: H.R. 5147, amended, to amend title 40, United States Code, to require that male and female restrooms in public buildings be equipped with baby changing facilities; and
                                   Pages H5701–02 
Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act: H.R. 5859, amended, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program.
                                                                 Pages H5703–08 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5648. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5694, H5694–95 and H5695. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:47 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 2566, the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2016’’; H.R. 2669, the ‘‘Anti-Spoofing Act of 2016’’; H.R. 1192, the ‘‘National Diabetes Clinical Care Commis-sion Act’’; H.R. 1209, the ‘‘Improving Access to Maternity Care Act’’; H.R. 1877, the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2713, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 4365, the ‘‘Protecting Pa-tient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016’’. CLASSIFICATIONS AND REDACTIONS IN FBI’S INVESTIGATIVE FILE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Classifica-tions and Redactions in FBI’s Investigative File’’. REVIEW ACT OF 2016; IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANSPARENCY ACT; EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES THROUGH STOCK OWNERSHIP ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3438, the ‘‘REVIEW Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5461, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act’’; H.R. 5719, the ‘‘Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 3438. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be con-sidered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. The Committee also granted a closed rule for H.R. 5719. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Finally, in section 3 the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of September 22, 2016, or September 23, 2016, for the Speaker to en-tertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the des-ignation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 5461. The rule provides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD952 September 20, 2016 
one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling, and Representatives Paulsen, Crowley, Marino, John-son of Georgia, and Maxine Waters of California. VA PROCUREMENT: IDENTIFYING OBSTACLES TO REFORM Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘VA Procurement: Identifying Obstacles to Reform’’. Tes-timony was heard from Greg Giddens, Executive Di-rector, Acquisition, Logistics and Construction, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and Michele Mackin, Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management, Government Accountability Office. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine the Department of Agriculture and the current state of the farm economy, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine the possible con-version of public housing and other project-based rental assistance to Section 8 vouchers, as well as administrative changes to the Section 8 voucher program, in order to improve the delivery of rental assistance to vulnerable families and individuals, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine prioritizing public health, fo-cusing on the Food and Drug Administration’s role in the generic drug marketplace, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub- committee on National Security and International Trade and Finance, to hold hearings to examine terror financing risks of America’s $1.7 billion cash payments to Iran, 10:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 3346, to authorize the pro-grams of the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, S. 3183, to prohibit the circumvention of control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equi-table consumer access to tickets for any given event, S. 3097, to establish the SelectUSA program, S. 1788, to re-quire operators that provide online and similar services to educational agencies, institutions, or programs to protect the privacy and security of personally identifiable infor-mation, H.R. 4755, to inspire women to enter the aero-space field, including science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach, and H.R. 4742, to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepreneurial programs for women, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the proposed revisions to the Fish and Wildlife Service mitigation policy, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Miner’s Protection Act of 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Retirement and Enhance-ment Savings Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 2953, to promote patient-centered care and ac-countability at the Indian Health Service, S. 3234, to amend the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy In-dian Act, the Indian Trader Act, and the Native Amer-ican Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and eco-nomic development opportunities to Indian communities, and S. 3261, to establish a business incubators program within the Department of the Interior to promote eco-nomic development in Indian reservation communities, 2 p.m., SD–628. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 1 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘15 Years after 9–11: The State of the Fight Against Islamic Terrorism’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Seapower and Projection Forces in the South China Sea’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Restoring the Trust for Families and Working-Age Americans’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Supplanting the Law and Local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D953 September 20, 2016 Education Authority Through Regulatory Fiat’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2566, the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Qual-ity and Reliability Act of 2016’’; H.R. 2669, the ‘‘Anti- Spoofing Act of 2016’’; H.R. 1192, the ‘‘National Diabe-tes Clinical Care Commission Act’’; H.R. 1209, the ‘‘Im-proving Access to Maternity Care Act’’; H.R. 1877, the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2713, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 4365, the ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016’’ (continued), 10 a.m., HVC–210. Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, business meeting to consider a report of the Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce recommending that the U.S. House of Representatives find StemExpress, LLC, and Catherine Spears Dyer, founder and Chief Executive Officer of StemExpress, LLC, in contempt of Congress for refusal to comply with subpoenas duly issued by the Select Inves-tigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and a resolution authorizing Chairman Blackburn to release the deposition transcript of the May 11, 2016, deposition of Dr. Eve Espey, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hous-ing in America: A Better Way to Increase Efficiencies for Housing Vouchers and Create Upward Economic Mobil-ity’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Corporate Gov-ernance: Fostering a System that Promotes Capital Forma-tion and Maximizes Shareholder Value’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping the Next Attack: How to Keep Our City Streets from Becoming the Battleground’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing on the Impeachment Articles Referred on John Koskinen, Part III, 10 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impacts of the Obama CEQ’s Final Guid-ance for GHG Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Status of the Federal Government’s Man-agement of Wolves’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 564, ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act’’; H.R. 2387, the ‘‘Alaska Native Veterans Land Allotment Eq-uity Act’’; H.R. 5780, the ‘‘Utah Public Lands Initiative Act’’; H.R. 5984, the ‘‘Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement Act’’; and S. 3028, the ‘‘Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wilderness Act’’, 5 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Rising Price of EpiPens’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5931, the ‘‘Prohibiting Future Ransom Payments to Iran Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Energy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Misconduct and Intimidation of Sci-entists by Senior DOE Officials’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘To Research, Evalu-ate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts Act’’; the ‘‘Cybersecu-rity Responsibility and Accountability Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5829, the ‘‘ADVISE Now Act’’, 1 p.m., 2318 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of FEMA’s Limited Role in Local Land Use Development Decisions’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5047, the ‘‘Protecting Veterans’ Educational Choice Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5428, the ‘‘Military Resi-dency Choice Act’’; H.R. 4757, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for headstones, markers, and medallions furnished by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for deceased individuals who were awarded the Medal of Honor and are buried in pri-vate cemeteries; H.R. 5166, the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’; H.R. 3216, the ‘‘VET Act’’; H.R. 4150, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Emergency Medical Staffing Re-cruitment and Retention Act’’; H.R. 5099, to establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 5162, the ‘‘Vet Connect Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5392, the ‘‘No Veterans Crisis Line Call Should Go Unanswered Act’’; H.R. 5399, the ‘‘Ethical Patient Care for Veterans Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5600, the ‘‘No Hero Left Un-treated Act’’, 10:45 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding Social Secu-rity’s Solvency Challenge’’, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5879, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; H.R. 5406, the ‘‘Helping Ensure Accountability, Leadership, and Trust in Tribal Healthcare Act’’; H.R. 5204, the ‘‘Stop Taxing Death and Disability Act’’; and H.R. 4220, the ‘‘Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD954 September 20, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, September 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5325, Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, post-clo-ture. At 11:15 a.m., Senate will begin consideration of the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 39, Foreign Military Sale, with up to 3 hours of debate. Upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate will vote on or in relation to the motion to discharge the joint resolution. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 3438—Require Evaluation before Implementing Execu-tive Wishlists Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 5461—Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under sus-pension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E1297, E1299 Bass, Karen, Calif., E1310 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E1296 Brat, Dave, Va., E1317 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1310 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1313 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1310 Carter, John R., Tex., E1308 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1312 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1298, E1307, E1309, E1311, E1313 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1306 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1314 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1317 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1307, E1313 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1308, E1314 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1295 Duncan, Jeff, Ill., E1303 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E1296 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1297 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1306, E1315 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E1301 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1306 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E1295 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1295 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1299, E1308, E1314 Jolly, David W., Fla., E1309 Keating, William R., Mass., E1315 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1313 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1315 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1296 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1315 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1311 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1314 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1298 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1298, E1307, E1311, E1316 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1316 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1309 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1313 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1317 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1296 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1298, E1307, E1311, E1312, E1316 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1295 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1304 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1297 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1317 Young, David, Iowa, E1298, E1306, E1307, E1309, E1310, E1311, E1312, E1314, E1316, E1317 Zinke, Ryan K., Mont., E1312 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 21, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20SE6.REC D20SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST