Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H333 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 2016 No. 8 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, January 15, 2016, at 11 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
WEDNESDAY , JANUARY 13, 2016 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, merciful God, for giving us another day. As You make available to Your peo-ple the grace and knowledge to meet the needs of the day, we pray that Your spirit will be upon the Members of this people’s House, giving them the rich-ness of Your wisdom. Bless the Members of the majority party as they gather these next days. May they, with those who accompany them, travel safely and meet in peace. Bless also the minority party as they prepare for their own gathering. May these days be filled with hopeful antici-pation. May the power of Your truth and our faith in Your providence give them all the confidence they must have to do the good work required for service to our Nation. Give all Members the strength of purpose and clarity of mind to do those things that bring justice and mercy to people, and maintain freedom and liberty for our land. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
MORE EMPTY WORDS AT STATE OF THE UNION (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the past 7 years, President Obama has given us 47,625 words of meaningless rhetoric. Last night’s State of the Union address was more of the same empty words. President Obama has never ade-quately focused on what really matters in this country: keeping America safe and defending our cherished freedoms. Instead, he wants to maintain the status quo and continues to promote top-down, one-size-fits-all Federal dic-tates that stymie economic growth. It is clear he doesn’t understand the solu-tions that will get our Nation back on track with the American people, not Washington bureaucrats. President Obama promised hope and change, but his failed agenda has brought the wrong kind of change, and many North Carolinians are losing hope. Fortunately, Republicans are com-mitted to restoring confidence in America and empowering her people to make their own decisions and pursue their own dreams. f 
HONORING KOREAN AMERICAN DAY (Mr. HONDA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Korean American Day and to honor the 2 million Korean Americans across this country. Janu-ary 13 is a day of celebration not just for the Korean Americans across this country; it is a celebration of America. 113 years ago, 102 men, women, and children traveled from the Korean Pe-ninsula and landed in Hawaii. Since their arrival, the Korean American community has enriched and strength-ened our Nation’s society, culture, Armed Forces, economy, politics, edu-cation, and arts. From serving in high-level posts in our government to making strides in entrepreneurship and medicine, Korean Americans continue to leave an indel-ible mark in our Nation’s history and makeup. So to the Korean Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.000 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH334 January 13, 2016 
across this great Nation, including those in my district, our Nation honors and celebrates you. 
f 
HONORING ETHAN EDELMAN (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of United States Army veteran Ethan Edelman of High-lands Ranch, Colorado. Ethan Edelman served for 3 years in the United States infantry. His mili-tary service included a combat tour of duty in Afghanistan. His personal awards include the United States Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, and the Army Good Conduct Medal. Like so many other veterans before him, Ethan Edelman served his coun-try with honor, with dedication, and with courage. Ethan Edelman left the United States Army to enroll as a student at Metropolitan State University in Den-ver, Colorado. Last year, Ethan Edelman, trag-ically, took his own life on Veterans Day, a day that carries so much emo-tion for those of us who have served this great Nation in uniform. Ethan Edelman will always be re-membered for his service to this coun-try. He will forever be missed by his family, his friends, and by the soldiers who served by his side in combat. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GABRIELLA MELENDEZ, TORIANA CORNWELL, AND SHANIYLAH WELCH (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, this afternoon, three students from the Hamlin Park Academy—Gabriella Melendez, Toriana Cornwell, and Shaniylah Welch—will participate in the Fourth Annual State of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math Address hosted by the White House. After months of planning, fund-raising, and research, these three bright women partnered with Western New York STEM Hub to develop and fine-tune their experiment, ‘‘Tumor Growth in Microgravity,’’ which earned them the nickname ‘‘Spud Launchers.’’ Through collaborative efforts with NASA, these spud launchers will test the ability of potatoes to grow in microgravity, toward the goal of learn-ing about how plants might grow on other planets. Their experiment won the national competition held by the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program and will be conducted abroad at the Inter-national Space Station this year. These three young women are role models to all of the bright young minds in our community. Their success is a result of their curiosity and their hard work. It is a testament to their fami-lies, the Buffalo Public Schools sys-tem, Western New York STEM Hub, and, most importantly, their teachers. f 
CONGRATULATING VINCENT ‘‘ZIPPY’’ DUVALL (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend Vincent ‘‘Zippy’’ Duvall on his election yesterday as president of the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion. Zippy is a third-generation farmer from Greene County, Georgia, and has been a Farm Bureau member since 1977. For the past 9 years, he has served as president of the Georgia Farm Bureau, while producing poultry, cattle, and hay on his family farm. I am so proud to have Zippy and his wife, Bonnie, as constituents of the Tenth District of Georgia. He has done an extraordinary job serving as the voice of agriculture in Georgia, and I can think of no better leader than Zippy Duvall to serve as the new presi-dent of the American Farm Bureau. 
f 
KOREAN AMERICAN DAY (Ms. MENG asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Korean American Day, a day that commemorates the first Ko-rean immigrants to arrive in the United States on January 13, 1903. On that day, the S.S. Gaelic brought 56 men, 21 women, and 25 children across the Pacific Ocean from Korea to Amer-ica in search of a better future. On Korean American Day, our Nation celebrates a community that has made tremendous contributions to this coun-try. Since 1903, the Korean American population has grown to almost 2 mil-lion and has become intricately woven in the fabric of our country. Korean Americans have made con-tributions in all aspects of American life. They are our servicemembers, our doctors, businessmen, teachers, and community leaders. They are our neighbors and, most importantly, our friends. For centuries, Korean immigrants and their descendants have helped build America’s prosperity. Their cul-ture enriches our lives in so many ways as they uphold the important values of community, hard work, and family that make America strong. I am proud to be a part of New York State, which has the second largest Ko-rean American population in the U.S. I am honored to join my colleagues and friends in celebrating all that the Ko-rean Americans have done for our great Nation. SMALL BUSINESS HURT BY FEDERAL OVERREACH (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, last night the President said that he is fi-nally ready to work with us here in Congress. Today we will send him a measure blocking the EPA’s waters of the United States power grab, a pro-posal rejected by both Houses of Con-gress, two Federal courts, the Govern-ment Accountability Office, and many States. The EPA’s plan would grant jurisdic-tion over fully 95 percent of my home State of California, allowing an unac-countable Federal agency to insert itself into land use decisions once again across our State. Mr. Speaker, the President spoke glowingly of small business America last night. Between waters of the United States, his rejection of health options plans for Americans, and forc-ing minimum wage proposals upon small businesses and their employees, small businesses don’t have a chance. They don’t have a chance to survive and thrive in this country. If the President really wants to work with Congress in a constructive way, he can start today by rejecting the waters of the United States policy that is hurting small businesses, farms, and ranches, and actually help us build the water supply we need in California and the Western States. 
f 
TIME FOR THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO TAKE ACTION (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, well, the lights and the heat are on at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, ille-gally occupied by ultra rightwing, antigovernment extremists. But you have to wonder if the lights are on or anybody is home down there at the Justice Department. Hello? I don’t think there is anybody there. I believe that this illegal occupation, this destruction of Federal property, was directly emboldened by the fact that the father of the two leaders, Cliven Bundy, stood down the govern-ment 2 years ago when he owed $1 mil-lion. Other ranchers pay their grazing fees, and he refuses to do it. He was grazing in areas that were prohibited. He stood down the government at the point of a gun, and he is still illegally grazing. Nobody—nobody—at the Justice De-partment has seen fit to lift a finger against him. There is no ongoing pros-ecution. They haven’t put a lien on his cattle. He celebrated the anniversary of the takeover and said: This is how it is done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.002 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H335 January 13, 2016 
Now his sons are replicating that in my State of Oregon, where we abide by the laws. Yes, we disagree over a lot of Federal policies, but we abide by the laws. It is time for the Justice Department to take some action. Wake up down there. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LYNNEL RUCKERT (Mr. SCALISE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, when building a strong team, you need a strong leader. Lynnel Ruckert has been that strong leader. As my chief of staff, Lynnel has also been an ally and a friend since the very first day I arrived in Congress. Whether it has been the whip team, the Repub-lican Study Committee, or Louisiana’s First Congressional District, under her guidance, strong leadership, and relent-less drive, Lynnel played a crucial role in delivering countless conservative victories for both our country and Lou-isiana. I wouldn’t be where I am today with-out Lynnel Ruckert. I am and will for-ever be grateful for Lynnel’s dedication and unwavering commitment to our Team Scalise family. Every day, she made the extra effort to bring a little Louisiana to Wash-ington. We call it lagniappe. There was not a day that went by where she didn’t wear a fleur-de-lis or some other symbol of our great State of Louisiana that we both love. Lynnel, you will be truly missed. I wish you, Kyle, and the whole Ruckert family all the best as you enter this new, exciting chapter in your life back home in Louisiana. 
f 
b0915 CONGRATULATIONS TO THE SEATTLE SEAHAWKS (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I take the floor today to congratulate the fans of the Seattle Seahawks. You see, I talked with my good friend Congresswoman S
UZAN DELBENE and told her that the Minnesota Vikings were for sure going to beat the Seahawks. She said: Well, if you really believe that, why don’t you agree to come down to the House floor if they don’t, and I will come down to the House floor if they do. For three quarters, I was right, Mr. Speaker. The Vikings shut the Seahawks out completely. But in the fourth quarter, through luck—and this is the real skill of the Seahawks, by the way—the center throws one over the head of the quarterback. The quarterback runs 20 yards back. It looks like he is just going to fall on it, but he picks it up, finds an open man, hits him, and then the guy al-most scores, and then, on the next play, they do. Then, after that, the leading rusher in the NFL, A.P.—Adrian Peterson— drops a pass and fumbles it and then they get the ball and kick a field goal. We are now 9–10. Even still, the Vikings were about to win, Mr. Speaker, but the lucky, lucky Seahawks saw our excellent field goal kicker miss one, although he has been making them all year long. So I am here to congratulate the Seahawks as the luckiest team in the NFL. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 583, I call up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to the defini-tion of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Pursuant to House Resolution 583, the joint resolu-tion is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 22 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Defi-nition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054; June 29, 2015), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on S.J. Res. 22. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The question of what is and is not waters of the United States has been the subject of debate for many decades. The reason this question is so impor-tant and contentious is because, if water or land is Federal, it is subject to regulation by the Federal Govern-ment. The Clean Water Act was originally intended as a cooperative partnership between the States and the Federal Government, with the States being pri-marily responsible for the elimination and prevention of water pollution and the oversight of waters within their borders. This successful partnership has given rise to monumental improvements in water quality throughout the Nation since the Clean Water Act’s enactment in 1972 because not all waters need to be subject to Federal jurisdiction. Following the Supreme Court’s deci-sion of SWANCC and Rapanos, deter-mining the appropriate scope of juris-diction on the Clean Water Act has been confusing and unclear. Both the regulated community and the Supreme Court called for a rulemaking that would provide this needed clarity. The EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers voluntarily undertook a rulemaking to respond to the need for clarity, and that is when things went terribly wrong. If the agencies had taken the time to consult with the States and local gov-ernments and to actually listen up front to the issues that our States, counties, cities, and townships are fac-ing, the agencies would not have had to admit to Congress in multiple hearings that their proposed rule created confu-sion and uncertainty, but they did not take this time for consultation. If the agencies had followed the prop-er rulemaking process, we wouldn’t have had a proposed rule that cut cor-ners on the economic analysis, used in-complete data, and took a cursory look at the economic impacts of the rule on just one of the many regulatory pro-grams under the Clean Water Act, but they did not follow the rulemaking process. If the agencies had done things right, the substantive comments filed on the rule would not have been nearly 70 per-cent opposed to the rule. If the agencies had done things right the first time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure wouldn’t have had to respond to the more than 30 States and almost 400 counties which requested the EPA withdraw or significantly revise the proposed waters of the United States rule and move H.R. 1732, a bill the House passed in May of 2015 that was a bipartisan bill, that would have sent the rule back to the agencies so they would go through the correct process. If the agencies had properly devel-oped the rule in a joint fashion, the Army Corps of Engineers would not have been cut out of the process and would not have had to send last-minute letters through the chain of command that questioned decisions that were being made in the final rule and that pointed out multiple issues that would make the rule nearly impossible to im-plement and legally questionable. If the agencies had actually set out to clarify jurisdiction and not to sim-ply gift themselves unlimited discre-tion to regulate whatever they wanted, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:38 Apr 14, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JAN2016\H13JA6.REC H13JA6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH336 January 13, 2016 
they would not have needed to have conspired to influence and skew the public comments during the open rule-making process or to promote and jus-tify an agenda that the majority of States opposed and have sued to stop. Recently, the Government Account-ability Office issued a legal opinion re-lated to its investigation of the EPA regarding the waters of the United States rule that drastically increases the agencies’ authority at the expense of the States. The GAO’s findings are plain and simple: The EPA broke the law. By using social media tactics, the GAO called ‘‘covert propaganda’’ and ‘‘grass-roots lobbying,’’ the EPA undermined the integrity of the rulemaking process and violated the trust of the American people. The agencies simply did not do things right. In fact, they did things very, very wrong. And now we have a rule on the books that is reflective of a completely flawed process. Today the waters of the United States rule goes far beyond merely clarifying the scope of the Federal ju-risdiction under Clean Water Act pro-grams. It vastly expands Federal power. The clarity this rule provided is simple: Everything is Federal. The rule misconstrues and manipu-lates the legal standards announced in the SWANCC and Rapanos Supreme Court cases, effectively turning those cases that placed limits on the Federal Clean Water Act jurisdiction into a jus-tification for the agencies to expand their assertion of Federal authority over all waters and wet areas nation-ally. The agencies chose to write many of the provisions in the proposed rule vaguely in order to give Federal regu-lators substantial discretion to claim Federal jurisdiction over most any water or wet area whenever they want. This vagueness will continue to lead the regulated community without clar-ity and certainty as to their regulatory status and leaves them exposed to cit-izen lawsuits and massive government fines. In addition, since many of these ju-risdictional decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis, they will give the Federal regulators free rein to find ju-risdiction. This rule, in essence, establishes a presumption that all waters are juris-dictional and shifts the burden to prove they are not to the property owners and to others in the regulated commu-nity. This rule will set a very high bar for the regulated community to over-come. The administration even explicitly acknowledged that it wants maximum discretion in its Statement of Adminis-tration Policy for H.R. 1732, stating that it opposed the bill because it would constrain the agencies’ regu-latory discretion. The rule undermines the successful Federal-State partnership and erodes State authority by granting sweeping, new Federal jurisdiction to waters never intended for regulation under the Clean Water Act. In justifying the need for this rule, the agencies claimed that massive amounts of wetlands and stream miles are not being protected by the States and that this rule is needed to ‘‘pro-tect’’ them. Yet, the agencies continue to claim that no new waters would be covered by the rulemaking, which raises the question of how the rule can protect these supposedly unprotected waters without vastly expanding Federal ju-risdiction over them. The agencies are talking out of both sides of their mouths. The reality is that States care about and are protective of their waters, and wetlands and stream miles are not being left unprotected. More than 30 States have sued the Federal Government over this rule. Who can blame them? States and local governments and the regulated com-munity all repeatedly expressed con-cern that the agencies have cut them out of the process and have failed to consult with them during every step in the development of this rule. The agencies engaged in a flawed process from the beginning, ignoring their State and local partners and ig-noring each other, and gifted them-selves virtually limitless authority over land in this country that could contain water. Furthermore, they broke the law by illegally influencing both the public comment period and lobbying against congressional efforts to get them to change their course. S.J. Res. 22 halts this appalling over-reach by the executive branch. The stakes are simply too high not to act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are ultimately here because of a failure by the United States Congress to act. The last time Congress revisited the Clean Water Act was in 1987. There are very few Members here today who were elected at that time. The reason we have the Clean Water Act is that—I remember a time when I was young when the Cuyahoga River caught fire because of industrial waste and when the Willamette River in my State was an open sewer because it was a convenient place to dump your mu-nicipal human waste. It was a disaster for our country, and we decided to deal with that problem under Republican leadership, which we did quite successfully. But now we real-ize it is a little more complicated than just keeping out the point source pollu-tion from industrial waste and/or mu-nicipal waste. There are other threats to our clean water, one of the most precious things we have. Read the CIA documents or the planning by the Pentagon. Wars will be fought over water. We can’t sully this precious resource, and I think there is pretty substantial agree-ment on that. The question is: What, where, and how do we protect the waters of the United States? This is incredibly confusing. We have a split Supreme Court, with contradic-tory decisions out of the Supreme Court, and we are now, today, living under Bush-era guidance regarding the Clean Water Act. That unfortunately is described by people from the extremes of the de-bate—from the American Farm Bureau Federation to the Natural Resources Defense Council—as totally unwork-able, inconsistent, incomprehensible, and it provides no certainty to farmers or to conservationists or to developers or to anybody else. That is what we are living under. We are living under those rules today. Here is a quote from the American Farm Bureau: A hodgepodge of ad hoc and inconsistent jurisdictional theories, which, ultimately, will result—and is resulting—in increased delays and costs to the public at large. 
That is what we are living under be-cause this new rule, which the House today will act to overturn, is not in ef-fect. What is in effect today is Bush-era guidance. If this legislation were to pass and become law, which it won’t because the Senate has already failed to muster a veto-proof majority over there on this issue—so this is all kind of a show—the provisions of this resolution or dis-approval are so broad that all of the work that went into constructing this new rule could not be replicated in any manner. Essentially, we would be stuck for-ever unless we change the law, and Congress hasn’t acted on the Clean Water Act for 30 years. Unless we change the law, we would be stuck for-ever with an ad hoc, inconsistent hodgepodge of jurisdictional theories, which are resulting in increased delays and costs to the public at large. That is the ultimate result, were this to pass and become law. Now, I will admit that the adminis-tration caused a good deal of the prob-lem here today. The rule, as initially promulgated by the EPA, was, I would say, turgid at best, and it caused in-credible confusion. It seemed to have jurisdictional theories, et cetera, et cetera, very much like the Bush rule. There was an uproar from Members of Congress, farmers, developers, and conservationists. Everybody had con-cerns about their initial rule. So what did they do? They went out and they listened. They had a massive number of comments to which they meaningfully responded, and then they found a few areas where they did make major im-provements. Do I think it is a perfect rule? No. But the courts will decide where it is adequate or inadequate, and then that would give direction to a future Con-gress to actually act and do its job on the Clean Water Act. That would be de-sirable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.005 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H337 January 13, 2016 
It does deal with roadside ditches. There are huge concerns about roadside ditches. A good change. It has the ex-plicit exemption of municipal separate storm sewers from the Clean Water Act. Again, that was the confusing part of their first rule. It permanently exempts groundwater and water-filled depressions related to fill or gravel mining activities. There is a huge concern with gravel extrac-tion activities in my State. Also, a litany of erosional features, artificial ponds, and artificially irri-gated areas were exempted from the Clean Water Act, which very explicitly and clearly benefit farmers and devel-opers. b0930 In fact, this subject came up at our joint hearing on this issue. Senator I
NHOFE brought this up. This was sub-jected to the Clean Water Act regu-latory process. They wanted to turn this into a warehouse facility to de-velop the land. It is very marginal at best as farmland. Army Assistant Secretary Darcy con-firmed, upon a question from me, that, in fact, under her new rule and guid-ance, this property would be exempt; but under the Bush rule, it isn’t. So they can’t develop it under the Bush rule, but they could develop it under the new rule, which we seek today to overturn. So this new rule is an improvement. Is it perfect, no. In fact, I think the courts might find it wanting in a num-ber of ways, which would require fur-ther action by Congress. To merely say we reject it, we want to live under the Bush rule—which everybody hates and says doesn’t work—forever doesn’t make a lot of sense. Also, acting here today, when the Senate has already made it clear that they don’t have a veto-proof majority, shows that we are wasting time. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, just for a little bit of clarity, H.R. 7232 that was passed out of the House, it was to re-scind this proposed rule and for the agencies to start over. That is actually the position of the American Farm Bu-reau. They do not support this pro-posal. They want to start over and get a rule that does have clarity. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the chair-man of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S.J. Res. 22, the resolution of disapproval for the waters of the United States rule. The ranking member pointed out that the Bush rule creates tremendous uncer-tainty. He is correct, absolutely cor-rect. We need to make sure we change it. This rule that the President has put forward has 32 States that have filed lawsuits against it. Thirty-two States have said: no, this doesn’t work. For decades, the Federal regulators worked as partners with the States to significantly improve water quality across this country. Those situations that the ranking member talked about that happened 40 and 50 years ago aren’t happening today. The States have worked very closely with the Fed-eral Government to make sure that we have clean water, that we are pro-tecting that precious resource we have. Now, I will say right up front, be-cause I know someone is going to call me out on it, the Governor of Pennsyl-vania did not file a lawsuit. Well, he is a liberal Democrat who has an extreme environmental agenda. He doesn’t real-ly care about the farmers of Pennsyl-vania, nor does he care about the build-ing industry in Pennsylvania. This Governor is wrong on this issue. Again, 32 States have said ‘‘no’’ to this rule. The Federal Government shouldn’t be regulating every drop of water. Again, Pennsylvania, like every other State, is supposed to bear pri-mary responsibility for regulating the waters within its own borders, but that will change when the EPA and the Corps of Engineers blatantly ignore Pennsylvania and the other 49 States, the limits of the Federal jurisdiction published in this rule. The gentleman knows full well, across this country, there are protests going on, and also in the State of Or-egon. The Federal Government, again, has an overreach, keeps pushing out there. This rule will be the same thing. The Federal Government will push out and reach out and do things that weren’t intended to be in the law. Just about every wet area in the country is open to Federal regulation under this rule. Jobs will be threat-ened, the rights of landowners and local governments will be trampled. That is the frustration out in America today. The Federal Government keeps pushing, pushing, pushing, and doing things that really don’t have a signifi-cant impact on the environment or other areas of their jurisdiction, and they cause great harm to individuals out there. So that is why there is tre-mendous frustration in this country today. There are clear problems with this rule. Again, the administration basi-cally concocted this proposal in a vacu-um. Pennsylvania and the other States were asked about this rule. As I said, 32 States have filed suit against it. That is significant. That is almost three- quarters of the States that have said ‘‘no’’ to this rule. That is a prime ex-ample, again, of why Americans are sick and tired of this. Every day I hear from farmers, home-builders, small businesses, and others in my district. Some farmers have said they won’t be able to pass on their family farm because of the cost associ-ated with this power grab. As I said, I have no doubt that is what is going to happen. This will continue to expand if we don’t stop it here today and send a strong message to the President to, as the subcommittee chairman said, take this rule back. Let’s start over. Let’s include the States in the development of this rule-making. The EPA and the Corps need to listen to the States as partners as they have done for many, many years Just last night, the President of the United States stood on this House floor and talked about the need for elimi-nating rules that are on the books. Well, how about let’s not put rules on the books that are going to cause great harm and great damage to many sec-tors of the economy, to many Amer-ican people. This is a time when the President can show us that those words last night weren’t hollow, that they were meaningful, and that he wanted to reach across the aisle. Here is a chance. There were a number of Senators on the other side of the aisle who voted for this. The last couple of times we have passed WOTUS bills here in the House, we have had bipartisan support. Here is an opportunity for us to work together. Again, last night we listened to the President. We heard him say some words, some words good. Again, if they are not willing to listen to the Con-gress on this issue, the very first order of business after he stood there last night and talked about, as I said, the need to reduce rules, as I said, how about let’s not put a rule in place that is going to cause great harm to this country. The Congressional Review Act was put in place for just this very purpose. This is an opportunity for us to all join and do exactly what the ranking mem-ber has asked for, certainty in the rule. Reject President Bush’s rulemaking. Let’s put a rule in place the States can support and the American people can support I urge all Members to support S.J. Res. 22. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Well, the chairman and I have estab-lished a good record of working to-gether. I would love to get a commit-ment here to work together, to go through a full reauthorization of the Clean Water Act and clarify these many issues, what we want to protect and what we want to be excluded from the jurisdiction. The Congress has the authority to do that. I think we should undertake that. It would be very dif-ficult. To say that repealing this rule, which does have some clarifications of the Bush rule—that would return us to the Bush-era regulations, a hodgepodge of ad hoc and inconsistent jurisdic-tional theories that are resulting in an increase in delays caused to the public at large, doesn’t seem like a good re-sult. So unless we choose to act and clarify the law, that is what we are going to be stuck with. Under this resolution, absent another specific action by Congress, they can’t use any of the work that went into de-veloping this rule or the data. It can’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.006 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH338 January 13, 2016 
be substantially the same. We would have to further authorize them to begin a new rulemaking. There was unprecedented public com-ment, 207 days of public comment. There were 1 million comments re-ceived. There were 400 public meetings. There was a special consultation proc-ess for the States and local officials. Now, my State and the State of Penn-sylvania apparently were pretty satis-fied with that. There are other States that weren’t, but maybe they didn’t go to the meetings. I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 22, the Congressional Review Act disapproval resolution on the EPA and Corps of En-gineers clean water rulemaking. I thank my ranking member, P
ETER  D
EFAZIO, for his strong advocacy and dedicated leadership in protecting the waters of the United States. Congress has a long history in sup-porting the Clean Water Act. Back in 1972, Congress overrode President Nix-on’s veto of the Clean Water Act, dem-onstrating bipartisan support for the Federal regulation of our Nation’s waters. The message was very clear: Human health would no longer take a back seat to big business. We need to protect our people. Never mind business, agri-culture, and some others, what about the people who drink the water and use it for everyday purposes? Now, more than 40 years later, we are set to vote to overturn the clean water protection rule, a rule that for the first time in over a decade provides clarity for regulated parties and protection for our Nation’s rivers and streams. What message are we sending out today? Clearly, we are not telling the American people that what water the American people have left is not worth protecting. Mr. Speaker, when developing the clean water protection rule, the admin-istration went to unprecedented lengths to engage with stakeholders, including ranchers, farmers, and mu-nicipalities. They held over 400 stake-holder meetings on the rule and re-viewed close to a million public com-ments on the rule. I say public, because the public was also partly commenting on this. It is evident that EPA and the Corps wholeheartedly considered these com-ments and concerns because many of the clean water rule’s reforms benefit industry, agriculture, and municipali-ties. These reforms include limiting permits for ditches and municipal storm water sewers and codified ex-emptions for certain agriculture, con-struction, and mining activities. Let us not forget that farmers and developers alike call the Clean Water Act’s current—I am talking again about the current one—regulatory process ad hoc, inconsistent, and cost-ly. The rule we are attempting to over-turn would keep the old Bush adminis-tration-era confusing regulations in place and potentially prohibit the President and his future successors from developing a clean water rule in the future. As we stand here today, I can’t think of one good reason to pass this resolu-tion. The same groups that asked for this rule actually benefited from the rule, but they are now asking us to do away with that rule. The only thing I can surmise is that those who oppose this rule would oppose any rulemaking that did not drastically limit the appli-cation of the Clean Water Act or, to put it another way, these groups are simply opposed to the Clean Water Act entirely. In California, 99.2 percent of the pop-ulation gets its water from drinking water systems that rely on water bod-ies protected by this rule. With num-bers like that on the line, intervening now is simply reckless. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in strong opposition to the resolution. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Mr. G
IBBS and certainly the entire committee, Chairman S
HUSTER  and others, for their work on this issue. I rise today in strong support of this legislation. I certainly appreciate clean water. However, the EPA’s waters of the U.S. rule, or WOTUS, is one of the larg-est abuses of executive power in mod-ern history and poses a significant threat to America’s economy. Under the rule, the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers will have the power to dic-tate land use decisions and farming practices of agricultural producers and businessowners all across the country. To give you an idea of the scope of the overreach and to illustrate why my colleagues from urban districts should also be concerned about this rule, I want to share with you an example of EPA and the Army Corps’ abuse in Douglas County, Nebraska, with a pop-ulation of over 500,000, in my home State. The President also happens to be visiting this county today. In 2005, the county began the process of submitting the proper environ-mental permit applications needed to extend a section of road about 1 mile. The project was designated as having the lowest level of environmental im-pact. However, construction is not slat-ed to begin until at least 2019. Why the delay? There is a small ditch which runs adjacent to the proposed project. Within the ditch, there is a small rut about 6 to 8 inches wide and no more than an inch deep. It has no ordinary high water mark, and there are no wetland plants growing in the ditch. However, the Corps declared this ditch a water of the United States, costing the county thousands of dollars and numerous years. This was never the intent of Congress when the Clean Water Act was passed. The act clearly limits Federal jurisdic-tion to navigable waters. In fact, the term ‘‘navigable’’ appears more than 80 times in the Clean Water Act. There is no way one can tell me that an inch- deep ditch is a navigable water. Congress has a responsibility to guard against these bureaucratic power grabs by executive agencies. This is why I introduced the companion bill to this legislation immediately after the rule was finalized. My resolution gained more than 70 cosponsors, with supporters from both sides of the aisle. Thanks to the expedited procedures established under the Congressional Review Act, after we vote on this legis-lation the bill will proceed imme-diately to the President’s desk. My hope is the President will listen to the American people and roll back this new rule. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon has 19
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Ohio has 16 minutes remaining. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman just made an excel-lent point. It is absolutely unbeliev-ably stupid and absurd that that ditch should have held up a needed project in an urban area, but that is because of the Bush rule, the rule that today we are saying should be in place indefi-nitely or perhaps forever. b0945 That ditch is specifically exempt under the newly adopted rule, which has been suspended by litigation. If the gentleman wants to deal with the ditch problem, it has been dealt with. Unfor-tunately, the courts have put a stay on it. But now the gentleman wants to throw out the new rule, which would exempt ditches like that, and go back to the Bush era rule, which is what caused that problem—cause and effect. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say, please, Members, vote ‘‘no’’ on this resolution. It is a very bad idea. What is happening here, for the folks listening, is that the EPA has come up with a rule that is going to strengthen protections for drinking water for 117 million people. Our Republican colleagues have brought forth a resolution to dis-approve of the rule, leaving people vul-nerable to the status quo. This comes out to about one in three Americans across the country and perhaps one in five Minnesotans in my home State. Now, I am critically concerned about all of America—I am a U.S. Congress-man—which leads me to the situation in Flint. The fact is that, by clarifying that waters are protected under the Clean Water Act, the rule would reduce the amount of pollution entering major rivers and waterways. This would mean less corrosive water, which is part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.008 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H339 January 13, 2016 
what led to the water crisis being seen in Flint, Michigan, right now. When the highly corrosive water of the Flint River passes through Flint’s service pipes, it leaches lead out of the pipes and into residents’ drinking glasses, bathtubs, and swimming pools. The water crisis in Flint reminds us that failure to step up and protect our water supply puts the lives of the pub-lic in danger. Eight thousand children are now facing poisoning because of this nasty situation. In Flint, residents were forced to pay for water that was poisoning them, by an unelected emergency manager. A mother and Flint resident, Lee Ann Walters, started bathing her children with bottled water, as she learned that her children were showing signs of lead poisoning and that the lead levels in her tap water were seven times higher than the minimum safety standard. The entire city has been exposed to dangerous lead levels, including as many as 8- to 10,000 children. If this does not compel us to stand up and fight for clean water, I don’t know what will. We absolutely need to say ‘‘no’’ to this resolution that would ex-pose us to dirty water. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I just want to go back down memory lane just a second. My good friend from Oregon, when we were debating H.R. 1732, the bill that said let’s stop this rule and work up a rule that will bring clarity, he said that was a bipartisan-supported bill. But the gentleman said we didn’t need to pass H.R. 1732 because when-ever the rule comes out, we have the Congressional Review Act to take care of the problem. That is what we are doing today. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, Con-gress gave the EPA jurisdiction over navigable bodies of water large enough to support ship traffic. This EPA rule takes control over virtually every body of water in the United States, includ-ing many agricultural and drainage ditches, ornamental lakes, and small creeks and streams on private prop-erty. Now, in 2010, Mr. Oberstar introduced a bill to grant them this power, and the Pelosi Congress refused to pass it; so the EPA simply decided to seize that power anyway. This not only threatens to upend 150 years of State water and property rights laws, it also presents us with a grave challenge to our Constitution. If it is allowed to stand, this rule means that Congress’ exclusive legislative powers have now passed unrestricted to the executive, including the power to repeal existing laws that guarantee to States supremacy over their own waters and the power to amend laws to seize vast new executive authority in direct defiance of this Congress. This rule must not stand. It cannot stand. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my ranking member and the chair of the committee for their diligence in run-ning this committee and overseeing some of the most important legislation for our Nation. The Clean Water Act is the key Fed-eral law used to protect our Nation’s waters and ensure that millions of Americans have access to clean water. The resolution of disapproval being considered today would block the im-plementation of important administra-tive reforms aimed at clarifying key components of this Clean Water Act. These reforms include considerations on how we define tributaries to tradi-tionally navigable waters and sets out clear exclusions to the definition of waters of the United States, among other changes that will help streamline the regulatory process. Countless municipalities, businesses, and industry stakeholders have ex-pressed concern around the confusing and outdated regulations established under the Bush administration. In fact, more than a million public comments submitted to EPA and the U.S. Corps of Engineers have contributed to the formulation of this final rule. The final rule would provide much-needed pre-dictability and clarity for these groups, and that has got my attention. In my home State of Texas, 43 per-cent of the residents get their drinking water from sources that rely on small streams protected by the most recent Clean Water Act and rule. The rule also restores protections to more than 12,000 miles of streams that feed into Texas’ drinking water sources. Further delaying the implementation of this rule will continue to have a dramatic impact on my State of Texas and other States around the country. I see a number of immediate prob-lems with this resolution. For one, S.J. Res. 22 would block any future admin-istration from ever clarifying the regu-latory confusion related to the Clean Water Act unless Congress authorizes a new rule. In my opinion, that does not bode well for our ability to protect such an essential resource as clean water for Americans. Thankfully, President Obama has al-ready expressed his intention to veto this resolution if it were to reach his desk. Based on a vote on this resolu-tion in the Senate last year, Congress lacks the support to override a veto. This resolution is simply another at-tempt by this Congress to block this administration from carrying out its regulatory duties to protect Ameri-cans. I do not think that there is a sin-gle Member of this House who would disagree that access to clean water is absolutely essential for our well-being and health. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Here we are, dedicating even more time to consider legislation that would block our ability to protect im-portant waterways and wetlands from pollution. Mr. Speaker, this resolution amounts to nothing more than a misguided di-rection. No one thinks that any Amer-ican should be subjected to a question-able quality of water. For this reason, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this resolution. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I am hearing a lot of comments made about the comment period. I just want to reiterate that, of the substantial comments made, 70 percent of them were opposed to the rule. I think what is even more important and needs to really be made clear here, the Government Accountability Office, the GAO, did an investigation, and they said the EPA broke the law be-cause they used covert propaganda through social media to skew the com-ments and biased them to their agenda. This creates a huge problem for me because this violates the integrity, goes to the integrity of the comment period. The reason we have a comment period is for stakeholders—in this case, States, farmers, developers—and a whole array of different people to have the ability to put comments in, and it’s up to the Agency to make the best rule possible that will work for everybody and protect the environment. The GAO said they broke the law, so we need to make that clear. The com-ment period was flawed, and that is why we need to pass this bill and re-send it. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, we are here today because the Supreme Court in 2001 and again in 2006 determined that the EPA and the Corps of Engineers’ definition of waters of the United States was too broad, and it directed them to narrow that rule, that definition, to bring it into compliance and within the four corners of the law. This poster here indicates the ab-surdity of what we are dealing with. Clearly, you wouldn’t have folks out on a kayak in a field fishing. It is simply nonsensical. That is what we are facing today. The EPA and the Corps of Engineers didn’t come back and say, ‘‘We are going to reduce the footprint. We are going to reduce the area that is now subject to the jurisdiction of the Corps under waters of the U.S.’’ They came out with a rule that actually expanded it. They came out with a rule that the cost of compliance didn’t decrease, as you would expect, based upon the rul-ings of the Supreme Court. The cost of compliance grew, and there were many reports about discourse within the Corps of Engineers and the EPA in re-gard to the approach that is being taken today. This is simply absurd to come in and attempt to regulate snow melt and drainage and things like that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.009 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH340 January 13, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, in my home State of Louisiana, we drain about 42 percent of the contiguous landmass of North America. It is one of the largest water-sheds in the world. You can’t take a definition of waters of the U.S. and try and apply it to Arizona and Louisiana. Waters of the U.S. is our State, based upon this definition. Much of the area of south Louisiana would be subject to this. So what does this mean? It means it is an infringement upon our private property rights: homes, businesses, land that we bought, that we own. We can’t have the Federal Government come in and grow jurisdiction beyond the scope of the law. I want to be clear. I am not talking about paving all the wildlands and open lands that we have in the United States. We certainly want to protect the environment, want to protect our water quality. But the irony here is that this is the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers and the EPA involved. In my home State of Louisiana, we have the greatest rate of coastal wet-lands loss in the United States, which I want to make note, Mr. Speaker, is the fault of the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers. It is their fault. The greatest rate of wetlands loss in the United States, their fault. Then here they are standing up saying: We want to protect the environment and be good stewards of the environment, and we are going to grow the jurisdiction of this amend-ment. This is absurd. This is not antienvironmental. This is simply complying with the law, and this rule clearly goes beyond the scope of the law. You are not going to see scenarios like this because it is absurd. That is what we are facing today. What is going to happen is this rule is once again going to be thrown out by the Supreme Court. It is once again going to be thrown out. But what Americans are going to face between now and when this is thrown out is they are going to be facing additional scrutiny. They are going to be facing the additional cost of compliance. They are going to face the additional encroachment and infringement upon their private property rights. It is wrong. This isn’t antienvironmental. This is within the four corners of the law. I strongly urge you to support this resolution. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to refer back to the chairman’s trip down memory lane. If he recalls the circumstance, we had not yet seen the revised rule. The initial rule, many of us had objected to, and we hadn’t seen the revised rule. The majority wanted to stop the revised rule, again, sticking us with the Bush- era guidance. I guess they are in love with the Bush-era guidance, which ev-erybody from the Farm Bureau to Nat-ural Resources Defense Council hates and says doesn’t work. The gentleman from Louisiana just referenced that. In the interim, we will be under these really contradictory and unworkable rules of the Bush era. Congress should act to update the Clean Water Act, and then we can have a vigorous debate over what areas we want to cover and what areas we don’t want to cover and perhaps get a little more clarity. Today we are here because they have promulgated a rule. It is substantially different from the draft rule, and they made clear that many of the things that were discussed in the interim—it is going to regulate my bird bath, my pond on my farm, the puddles on my farm, the ditches on my farm; it is going to preempt land use—all of those things are specifically addressed in the final rule, which we want to override, and they are exempt. b1000 It does not change exemptions for ag-riculture. It doesn’t regulate erosional features. I am not going to read all the specific language, but it is all right here. The ditch issue in the urban area we heard about earlier is solved under this, but it is still a problem today under the Bush-era rule, which is still the law of the land because the new rule was stayed by the courts. And now we want to kill it. So we don’t want to fix the ditch issue, I guess, and live forever under the Bush-era rule. It doesn’t regulate land use. If it did the things the people on the other side were saying, I think you would find 85, 90 percent of the Members of this House would be voting for this resolution of disapproval. The fact is it doesn’t do those things and we have very specific references to demonstrate that. And then, on this issue of the illegal actions, again, I was getting emails and phone calls from people saying, my bird bath; my pond; my puddles; my roadside ditches. The forest industry is saying our roadside ditches. Well, those things are all exempt now. But these things were out there, and the EPA was trying to educate people and say: Here is what is in. Here is what is out. And they find the weeniest of little, stupid violations. This isn’t like lawbreaking. They used Thunderclap to actually tell peo-ple a few things about this rule. They forgot to put on a disclaimer. Oh, someone should go to jail for that. The right-wing nuts occupying the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge and Cliven Bundy violating Federal law, owing us a million dollars and not paying for grazing like other people, they shouldn’t be prosecuted. In fact, the chairman referenced those nuts earlier. I find it offensive and insulting to say that there is some sort of protest that relates to this discussion on the floor of the House by right-wing ex-tremists who have taken over illegally and are destroying Federal property in my State. And then, secondly, they had another violation beyond using Thunderclap. They had a link that went to someone else’s site. And on that someone else’s site, they were advocating for the rule. Wow. These are lawbreakers. These are the lawbreakers we want to go after. This administration doesn’t go after any lawbreakers, from Wall Street criminals under the collapse or these right-wing extremists in the West. I discussed that earlier in a 1-minute speech on the floor. But the point here is that we have much better clarification now. The courts are going to rule whether this is adequate or inadequate, whether Con-gress needs to act further, whether the rule needs to be revised. We should let that process go for-ward. That would give us some direc-tion because we don’t seem to be able to initiate on our own a reauthoriza-tion of the Clean Water Act and have a fair debate over what we want to cover and not cover. But the default action— repealing this rule, doing nothing— binds us to the Bush-era rule indefi-nitely. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I want to make it clear. It was the Government Accountability Office investigation that said the EPA broke the law. Re-gardless of how you interpret what they said, they broke the law. I think that goes to the integrity of the whole rulemaking process, that that is a dan-gerous precedent, moving forward. We had the talk about this rule brings clarity. Yes, it does bring clar-ity because it pretty much makes ev-erything under water all under Federal jurisdiction. It is like going from the frying pan into the fire. That is why the American Farm Bu-reau and a whole host of other entities and almost two-thirds or three-quar-ters of the States have sued or are op-posed to that. So we need clarity. That is why Con-gress needs to commit to work to fix that. But this rule, going forward, is more obtrusive and is a big problem. Like I said, it does mean that every-thing is under Federal jurisdiction. There has been a lot of discussion about ditches. They exempted ditches, but they put five exemptions to put it back in. One I really like says that, if water in a ditch eventually flows out of that ditch and into a tributary—which they expanded the definition of tribu-taries into navigable waters—it is not exempt. So tell me where in the United States there is a ditch that has water that doesn’t eventually flow into waters of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S.J. Res. 22, which vacates this over-reaching and, frankly, unnecessary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.010 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H341 January 13, 2016 
waters of the U.S. rule. It prevents the EPA and the Corps of Engineers from moving forward. I think the problem that has made itself real prevalent—and the chairman just talked about this as well—is it is not what is on the top line. It is what is on the exemption line. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about, but the problem I come to with this—because we have been dealing with this in my part of the world—and I appreciate the pre-vious speaker from Louisiana talking about the watershed there—is that I am from northeast Georgia, where we are in the foothills of the mountains. So, in the bottom, you have the creeks, the tributaries. We have Lake Lanier, the Chattahoochee River, Lake Hartwell. We have a lot of areas that fall here. What is interesting to me—and what my friend from across the aisle basi-cally said—and what is offensive to me is to come to a place and say that, just because we are going to work on a Clean Water Act, we are going to work on a reauthorization, we take it from Congress and say that people down-town in cubicles who do not know my district and who understand that they have an agenda to push will make rules and make regulations that affect the livelihood of people. When you take it from Congress, where it should be, that is offensive. I agree with my friend. It should be here. But we have seen a pattern in the last 7 years that, if it is not moving fast enough in Congress, go around it. That is not possible. The Constitution is not something you can forget every once in a while. Now, you can make arguments all day long. You can call it whatever you want to call it. I call it just plain dumb. Common sense, as my grandma told me one time, is not common. I see that in Washington all the time, espe-cially in agencies. We talk about why this is confusing. We had the EPA director sitting in committee last year asked these very questions about the rule. She answered them one way, and at the very same time, back in my district, the Ninth District of Georgia, they were being told a completely opposite answer. Where she would say it is not af-fected, they would say: Oh, it is af-fected. They knew because they under-stood their district, and the Agency workers in the district understood what was going on. So you can have this argument all you want. This needs to be vacated. As previously said, the courts have al-ready made a statement on this. This is an overreach. This is a policy choice. And I am sorry. The executive branch is to carry out the law, to work within the confines of the court ruling, not to determine that they have pins on their chests and that they are elected by the people that they represent. They are to follow the law. If we need to continue on the Clean Water Act and to make arguments to say that, if you are against this, you want dirty water, you want bad pollu-tion, you are against this, that is just a straw man that needs to be burned down and buried. We are looking for commonsense reg-ulation. We are looking for stuff that makes sense. I have a gentleman in my area whose land—100 acres—is his main asset. When you take these rules and set them on top of it and he has 18 usa-ble acres, from dry ditches and gullies, that is a problem. Don’t hand me this, that this is going to destroy the world. Don’t hand me this from the red hills of north Geor-gia, where just years ago it was the farmers and those who knew that liv-ing off the land meant conservation, who turned those red clay hills into green, lush farms. Don’t tell me that Washington needs to be the one to tell them how to do conservation and to know what to do with a dry ditch on their land. This is ridiculous. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It would be interesting if the gen-tleman invited the EPA to come out and look at that farmer’s land. I think they would find that he is exempt and he isn’t down to 18 acres. There are misunderstandings. And, also, the gentleman did say something about the courts have al-ready ruled. The courts haven’t ruled. That is the problem. It is going to be 2 years before they get to the merits on this rule. And so they essentially have stayed the new rule from going into ef-fect. So we don’t have ditch exemp-tions. It would be interesting to contrast the existing Bush rules—which will be in place for at least another 2 years—to the new rules and have someone come out and consult with that farmer and say: Actually, you are kind of screwed here because of the Bush rules. But if we had these new rules, we could just tell you to go ahead and farm on those 100 acres. On previously converted cropland, ditches are exempt. You have the agricultural exemptions. But sorry, you are stuck with something written in the Bush era. That is the effect of Congress not acting. And I would agree with the gen-tleman. The fact is we should act and we could act. The gentleman has juris-diction over the committee which could reauthorize the Clean Water Act. It has not been reauthorized since 1987, which is why we are squabbling over administration interpretation of the Bush administration—I hate to have to be talking about George Bush— and the Obama administration as op-posed to Congress having at some point done its job to reauthorize and clarify the Clean Water Act in those inter-vening 28 years. I am not aware of any plans. The chairman has told me the agenda for the coming year, but rewriting the Clean Water Act and debating the mer-its and demerits of certain protections is not on that agenda, to the best of my knowledge. So the effects of what the courts have done is to stick us with the Bush- era rules for 2 more years, and the ef-fect of what we are doing here would actually stick us with the Bush-era rules indefinitely. Pick your poison. The bottom line is we are doing a dis-service to the country by not getting these commonsense exemptions in place as soon as possible. I have a number of letters from groups too numerous to reference that I will include in the RECORD . Being co- chair of the House Craft Brewers Cau-cus, there is a very strong representa-tion by the craft brewing industry be-cause of their concerns about the need for clean water to make good beer. 
AMERICAN SUSTAINABLE  B
USINESS COUNCIL , Washington, DC, January 11, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 250,000 businesses, and more than 325,000 en-trepreneurs, executives, managers and inves-tors we represent, the American Sustainable Business Council (ASBC) urges you to vote against the Congressional Review Act (S.J. Res. 22) overturning the EPA’s Clean Water Rule. Clean water is good for business, and com-panies like the ones we represent know it. They need it for their operations and for the overall health of their communities. Repeal-ing this rule would not protect economic growth; it would put it at risk. The EPA’s rule comes out of a broad desire among all stakeholders, following the Su-preme Court’s rulings in 2001 and 2006, to clarify what the EPA’s jurisdiction is under the Clean Water Act. This ruling is based on sound science, and does not expand the agen-cy’s power under the Clean Water Act, only clarifying of what bodies of water it pro-tects. Of greatest concern to us, however, is the argument that this rule will jeopardize eco-nomic growth. From our experience, the real risk to our economy comes when clean water protections no longer exist, and businesses lose control over a crucial input in food and beverage production, tourism, manufac-turing, and any number of industries. The EPA’s rule gives the business commu-nity more confidence that clean water sources, including streams and rivers, are protected, and removes uncertainty sur-rounding the agency’s authority to protect our waterways. This is good for the econ-omy, and vital for businesses that rely on clean water for their success. The business community was given ample opportunity to share its concerns and inform the EPA of the rule’s potential impact dur-ing the months-long comment period—as evidenced by the more than 1 million com-ments submitted during that time—and the EPA had abundant time to take any con-cerns into account and use them to improve the rule. Clean water remains a necessity for so many American industries, from agriculture to manufacturing to tourism to food and drink production. And it’s what businesses across the political spectrum want—na-tional, scientific polling from the American Sustainable Business Council found 80% of small business owners favored rules pro-tecting upstream headwaters, as the EPA’s rule would do, and 71% said that clean water protections are necessary to ensure eco-nomic growth. Congress needs to let this rule stand, not create more uncertainty for American busi-nesses. We urge you to vote against Congres-sional Review Act (S.J. Res. 22). American businesses are relying on you to keep this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.011 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH342 January 13, 2016 
rule intact and ensure they can rely on this most crucial resource. Sincerely, R
ICHARD EIDLIN , Vice President of Policy and Campaigns. 
JANUARY 11, 2016. Re Hunters and anglers strongly oppose S.J. Res. 22 invalidating the final Clean Water Rule D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned sportsmen and conservation organizations strongly oppose Senate Joint Resolution 22, which the House of Representatives may vote on this week and would invalidate the final Clean Water Rule. This important rule clarifies Clean Water Act jurisdiction in a manner that is both legally and scientif-ically sound. This joint resolution is an extraordinary and radical action to overturn a funda-mental, once-in-a-generation final rule that is critical to the effective implementation of the 1972 Clean Water Act, and that was adopted following an exhaustive public rule-making process. The resolution would over-turn a rule that finally resolves longstanding confusion and debate, promotes clarity and efficiency for regulatory programs pro-moting river health, and preserves long-standing protections for farmers, ranchers, and foresters. By using the Congressional Review Act, this joint resolution not only wipes out the final Clean Water Rule but also prohibits any substantially similar rule in the future. It locks in the current state of jurisdictional confusion and offers no constructive path forward for regulatory clarity or clean water. America’s hunters and anglers cannot afford to have Congress undermine effective Clean Water Act safeguards, leaving commu-nities and valuable fish and wildlife habitat at risk indefinitely. This joint resolution dismisses the voices of the millions of Americans, including busi-nesses that depend on clean water, who sup-port the new rule and are eager to reap its benefits. The agencies engaged in a very transparent and thorough multi-year rule-making process that included over 400 stake-holder meetings and an extended public com-ment period that produced over one million comments. Nearly 900,000 members of the public commented in support of the Clean Water Rule. A recent poll found that 83 per-cent of sportsmen and women think the Clean Water Act should apply to smaller streams and wetlands, as the new rule di-rects. The Clean Water Rule clearly restores longstanding protections for millions of wet-lands and headwater streams that contribute to the drinking water of 1 in 3 Americans, protect communities from flooding, and pro-vide essential fish and wildlife habitat that supports a robust outdoor recreation econ-omy. The sport fishing industry alone ac-counts for 828,000 jobs, nearly $50 billion an-nually in retail sales, and an economic im-pact of about $115 billion every year that re-lies on access to clean water. The Clean Water Rule will translate directly to an im-proved bottom line for America’s outdoor in-dustry. Opponents claiming the rule goes too far and protects water too much have filed a barrage of nearly identical legal challenges in numerous district and appellate courts across the country. On October 9, 2015, the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals temporarily stayed the Clean Water Rule nationwide. The Clean Water Rule and those who oppose it will have their day in court. Meanwhile, we want Congress to know that despite these legal challenges, conservation-ists across the nation are steadfast in our support for the Clean Water Rule. After nearly 15 years of Clean Water Act confu-sion, further delay is unacceptable to the millions of hunters and anglers eager to have their local waters fully protected again. We are confident that, when the dust settles in the courts, the Clean Water Rule will with-stand challenges saying it protects our water too much. The Clean Water Act has always been about restoring and maintaining the chem-ical, physical, and biological integrity of the Nation’s waters. It is bedrock support for America’s more than 40 million hunters and anglers and for the 117 million Americans whose drinking water depends on healthy headwater streams. We thank all of the members of Congress who stand with America’s sportsmen and women to block attempts to derail the rule, and ask you to reject S.J. Res. 22 and any other legislative action against the rule that may follow this year. Sincerely, American Fisheries Society, American Fly Fishing Trade Association, Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, International Federa-tion of Fly Fishers, Izaak Walton League of America, National Wildlife Federation, Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partner-ship, Trout Unlimited. 
LEAGUE OF CONSERVATION VOTERS , Washington, DC, January 12, 2016. Re Oppose extreme attack on clean water, S.J. Res. 22 U.S. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : The League of Con-servation Voters (LCV) works to turn envi-ronmental values into national priorities. Each year, LCV publishes the National Envi-ronmental Scorecard, which details the vot-ing records of members of Congress on envi-ronmental legislation. The Scorecard is dis-tributed to LCV members, concerned voters nationwide, and the media. LCV urges you to vote NO on S.J. Res. 22, the Congressional Review Act ‘‘Resolution of Disapproval’’ of the Clean Water Rule. This radical legislative measure would threaten critical clean water safeguards for the water-ways that millions of Americans depend on for drinking water by permanently blocking the Environmental Protection Agency’s and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ final Clean Water Rule. Since two confusing Supreme Court deci-sions over a decade ago, millions of acres of wetlands and thousands of miles of streams that contribute to the drinking water of one in three Americans have been left vulnerable to toxic dumping and destruction. After an extensive and thorough process, the final Clean Water Rule provides clarity and cer-tainty on the waters covered under the Clean Water Act. These waterways serve as habitat for wildlife, guard against flooding, filter pollution, and help provide the clean water that our families, communities, and econ-omy depend on. The Clean Water Rule enjoys wide support from businesses, conservation-ists, sportsmen, farmers, state and local leaders, and the public, including the over 800,000 people who weighed in during the comment period and 80% of voters from all sides of the political aisle. S.J. Res. 22 is an extreme dirty water reso-lution that would not only stop the Clean Water Rule, but would prohibit the agencies from developing any ‘‘substantially similar’’ measure in the future. This vague and harm-ful language could prevent the agencies from ever issuing rules that establish protections for the waters covered by the Clean Water Rule, leaving our streams, wetlands, lakes, and rivers vulnerable to pollution for genera-tions to come. We urge you to REJECT S.J. Res 22 a dan-gerous bill that would block the Clean Water Rule and jeopardize the waterways our chil-dren and grandchildren drink, swim, and play in. We will strongly consider including votes on this bill in the 2016 Scorecard. If you need more information, please call my office at (202) 785–8683 and ask to speak with a member of our government relations team. Sincerely, GENEKARPINSKI , President. 
HEALING OURWATERS - G
REAT LAKES COALITION , January 11, 2016. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the Healing Our Waters-Great Lakes Coalition, I ask you to vote against S.J. Res. 22. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agen-cy and Army Corps have spent years talking to the public, including state and local gov-ernments, about providing clarity to which water bodies will be covered by federal law. After being asked to propose a rule by stake-holders from all sides, the EPA and Army Corps did so after receiving nearly one mil-lion comments regarding what they pro-posed. Many of these comments suggested substantive changes on how to define what a water of the United States is. The EPA and Army Corps incorporated many of the sug-gestions in the rule finalized last year. S.J. Res. 22 stops these clean water protec-tions from going into force. More radically, it prohibits the EPA and Army Corps from proposing anything that would be substan-tially the same as what has already been de-veloped after years of deliberation. For years the Clean Water Act protected all wetlands and tributaries in and around the Great Lakes. However, Supreme Court decisions in 2001 (SWANCC) and 2006 (Rapanos) left many of these wetlands, small streams, and lakes at increased risk of being polluted and destroyed. This lack of protec-tion in particular left intermittent and head-water streams vulnerable to pollution and adjacent wetlands open to be filled and de-stroyed. Half of the streams in Great Lakes states do not flow all year, putting them, and adjacent wetlands, at risk of increased pollution and destruction. Over 117 million Americans get their drinking water from surface waters, including nearly 37 million people in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, In-diana, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York. More importantly, 83 percent of the population in Great Lakes states are de-pendent on public drinking water systems that rely in intermittent, ephemeral, and headwater streams. Protecting and restoring wetlands and streams is critical to the restoration and protection of the Great Lakes. According to a review of more than a thousand publica-tions from peer-reviewed scientific literature conducted by an EPA Science Advisory Board, streams, tributaries (e.g., headwater, intermittent, ephemeral), and wetlands are connected to downstream waters. The science overwhelmingly concludes that up-stream waters in tributaries (intermittent, ephemeral, etc.) exert strong influence on the physical, biological, and chemical integ-rity of downstream waters. Common sense also tells us this is true. Pollution in a tribu-tary is carried downriver into bigger and big-ger waterways. Upstream waters also feed water to Great Lakes rivers and streams. We need clean water protections now for our Great Lakes. Wetlands and tributaries provide vital habitat to wildlife, waterfowl, and fish; reduce flooding; provide clean water for hunting, fishing, swimming, and pad-dling; and serve as the source of drinking water for millions of Americans. Healthy waters around the Great Lakes also fuel tourism and other industries that sustain jobs because of clean Great Lakes water. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.002 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H343 January 13, 2016 
Clean Water Rule is an important part of our Great Lakes restoration efforts. Please vote against S.J. Res. 22. For more information about our Coalition’s position, please contact Chad Lord. Sincerely, T
ODDAMBS, Coalition Director. 
STATEMENT OPPOSING SENATE JOINT RESOLU -
TION 22 TOROLL-BACK THE CLEAN WATER  R
ULE, JANUARY 12, 2016. Allagash Brewing Company (Maine), Ander-sonville Brewing Company (Illinois), Arbor Brewing Company (Michigan), Arcadia Brewing Company (Michigan), Bear Repub-lic Brewing Company (California), Brewery Vivant (Michigan), Brooklyn Brewery (New York), Central Waters Brewing Company (Wisconsin), Corridor Brewery & Provi-sions (Illinois), DryHop Brewers (Illinois), Engrained Brewing Company (Illinois), Founders Brewing Company (Michigan), Great Lakes Brewing Company (Ohio), Greenstar Brewery (Illinois), Half Acre Beer Company (Illinois), Harmony Brewing Company (Michigan), Hops & Grain Brew-ing Company (Texas), Horse and Dragon Brewing Company (Colorado), KelSo Beer Company (New York), Lagunitas Brewing Company (California and Illinois), Lake-front Brewery (Wisconsin), Maine Beer Company (Maine), New Belgium Brewing Company (Colorado and North Carolina), Oak Park Brewing Company (Illinois), Odell Brewing Company (Colorado), Old Bust Head Brewery (Virginia), Portsmouth Brewery (New Hampshire), Revolution Brewing (Illinois), Right Brain Brewery (Michigan), Rising Tide Brewing Company (Maine), Sierra Nevada Brewing Company (California and North Carolina), Short’s Brewing Company (Michigan), Smuttynose Brewing Company (New Hampshire), Tem-perance Beer Company (Illinois), Two Brothers Artisan Brewing (Illinois), Wild Onion Brewery (Illinois). Our breweries cannot operate without a re-liable, clean water supply. We strongly sup-port the Clean Water Act, one of our nation’s bedrock environmental laws, as well as the Clean Water Rule, which provides important clarity regarding which waterbodies are cov-ered by the Act. That is why we urge you to oppose Senate Joint Resolution 22, that would prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from doing ‘‘a new rule that is substantially the same’’ as the Clean Water Rule. That could be read to prohibit EPA and the Army Corps from issuing any rule that establishes protections for waters that the Clean Water Rule pro-tects, like lakes, streams, and wetlands. Our breweries—and the communities in which we operate—need a strong Clean Water Act, as well as the clarity provided by the Clean Water Rule. For more information, please see www.nrdc.org/brewers or call Karen Hobbs, Senior Policy Analyst, Natural Resources Defense Council. 
JANUARY 12, 2016. R
EPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned organi-zations, and our millions of members and supporters, oppose the Dirty Water Resolu-tion (S.J. Res. 22). The ‘‘Resolution of Dis-approval’’ under the Congressional Review Act attacks the Clean Water Rule, the Obama administration’s landmark initiative to restore safeguards against pollution and destruction for lakes, streams, wetlands and other water bodies. The Clean Water Rule restores important safeguards that once existed for a variety of water bodies. Those safeguards were eroded after a pair of Supreme Court decisions and by policies the Bush administration adopted, which left many water bodies inadequately protected or lacking the pollution control requirements of the Clean Water Act. The rule restores prior protections for many crit-ical wetlands, which curb flooding, filter pol-lution, and provide habitat for a wide variety of wildlife, including endangered species and wildfowl and fish prized by hunters and an-glers. The Dirty Water Resolution is an extreme action that seeks to kill the Clean Water Rule using the Congressional Review Act, which goes far beyond stopping a dis-approved administrative action. The Con-gressional Review Act says that an agency may not adopt ‘‘a new rule that is substan-tially the same’’ as the disapproved rule, and the breadth of that requirement is very un-clear. In the context of the Clean Water Rule, it could be read to prohibit EPA and the Army Corps from issuing any rule that establishes protections for waters that the Clean Water Rule covers, like lakes, streams, and wet-lands. The Dirty Water Resolution radically undermines the agencies’ ability to clarify the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act—de-spite urging from industry associations, con-servation groups, members of Congress, state and local leaders, and Supreme Court jus-tices for such a clarification. By pursuing this anti-clean water resolu-tion, pro-polluter members of the House of Representatives are seeking to kill a com-monsense and modest rule containing sci-entifically-sound and legally-valid protec-tions for the nation’s waters, including crit-ical drinking water supplies. Restored clean water protections enjoy broad support. In polling for the American Sustainable Business Council, eighty percent of small business owners—including 91% of Democrats, 73% of Independents and 78% of Republicans—said they supported the then- proposed Clean Water Rule. A strong major-ity, 71%, also said that clean water protec-tions are necessary to ensure economic growth; only six percent said they were bad for growth. Similarly, a bipartisan research team polled hunters and anglers nationwide and discovered that 83% surveyed thought that the Environmental Protection Agency should apply the rules and standards of the Clean Water Act to smaller, headwater streams and wetlands. Support for this pol-icy was strong across the political spectrum, with 77% of Republicans, 79% of Independ-ents and 97% of Democrats in favor. We ask that you oppose the Dirty Water Resolution (S.J. Res. 22) because it will un-dermine protections for our drinking water supplies, flood buffers, and fish and wildlife habitat. This attack on clean water is not only a waste of the House’s time but also an excessive and dangerous act that jeopardizes clean water for generations to come. Sincerely, Alliance for the Great Lakes, American Rivers, American Whitewater, Amigos Bra-vos, Arkansas Public Policy Panel, BlueGreen Alliance, Central Minnesota Chapter of Audubon, Clean Water Action, Conservation Minnesota, Earthjustice, En-dangered Habitats League, Environment America. Environment California, Environment Col-orado, Environment Connecticut, Environ-ment Florida, Environment Georgia, Envi-ronment Illinois, Environment Iowa, Envi-ronment Maine, Environment Maryland, En-vironment Massachusetts, Environment Michigan, Environment Minnesota, Environ-ment Montana. Environment New Hampshire, Environ-ment New Jersey, Environment New Mexico, Environment New York, Environment North Carolina, Environment Oregon, Environment Texas, Environment Virginia, Environment Washington, Freshwater Future, Friends of the Cloquet Valley State Park, Friends of the Mississippi River. Great Lakes Committee—the Izaak Walton League, GreenLatinos, Greenpeace, Gulf Res-toration Network, Hoosier Environmental Council, Iowa Environmental Council, Ken-tucky Waterways Alliance, League of Con-servation Voters, Michigan Wildlife Conser-vancy, Midwest Environmental Advocates, Minnesota Center for Environmental Advo-cacy, Minnesota Conservation Federation, Minnesota Environmental Partnership, Mis-souri Coalition for the Environment. Natural Resources Defense Council, Nature Abounds, Ohio Wetlands Association, PennEnvironment, Prairie Rivers Network, Religious Coalition for the Great Lakes, River Network, Save the Dunes, Shaker Lakes Garden Club, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Surfrider Foun-dation, Tennessee Clean Water Network, Wisconsin Environment, Wisconsin Wildlife Federation. JANUARY 11, 2016. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The undersigned public health organizations urge you to oppose a piece of harmful legis-lation: S.J. Res. 22, a Congressional Review Act resolution to block the Clean Water Rule proposed by the U.S. Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA) and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This resolution is a sweeping at-tack on the Clean Water Act that could not only impair the Clean Water Rule, but also our ability to protect clean water in the fu-ture. The public health community recog-nizes that clean water and healthy popu-lations are inextricably linked and that pol-luted water can expose Americans to harm-ful contaminants in numerous ways. The public depends on water not only for basic survival, but for recreation, bathing, clean-ing and cooking. The EPA and Army Corps should be allowed to implement a rule that will improve water quality and protect the health of America’s families and children. The Clean Water Act was designed to keep pollution, including carcinogens, nutrient runoff, sewage and oil, out of the nation’s water. The EPA and Army Corp’s rule seeks to clarify the protection of streams and wet-lands under the Clean Water Act, including streams that provide some portion of water to drinking water systems that serve nearly 117 million people. The rule, which is based on peer reviewed science, clarifies which waters are protected and which are not, al-lowing EPA and the Army Corps to best pro-tect water quality and public health. Unfor-tunately, this bill would block their efforts and prevent them from implementing the law and ensuring the protection of water quality for millions of Americans. Clean water is one of our greatest neces-sities and a cornerstone of public health. EPA and the Army Corps should be allowed to better protect public health from water pollution through this important science- based rule. Sincerely, American Public Health Association, Phy-sicians for Social Responsibility, Trust for America’s Health. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.004 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH344 January 13, 2016 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure really for three reasons. One, I come from the Lowcountry of South Carolina. The First Congressional District is called the Lowcountry. It is called so for a reason, which is our land lies low. I think of the farm I grew up on. My father got it about the time I was born. The reality of this measure, if these rules promulgated by the administra-tion simply move forward, as has been referenced by several different speak-ers, that which he thought he got, he would have gotten a lot less of. I think that, fundamentally, this is about private property rights. It is about what Philip Howard talked about years ago in his book ‘‘The Death of Common Sense.’’ I don’t think it makes common sense to classify as navigable waters of the U.S. so many of these dry streambeds or dry areas in any part of this country. I also think that this is fundamen-tally about the rule of law. We have a real tension in this country, particu-larly during the time of this adminis-tration, on: Do we stick with this 200- year tradition we have had in place or do we move toward rule by edict? I think it would be a huge mistake to go down the other avenue. But, fun-damentally, that is what this debate is about. It is about how do we decide things? There will always be disagree-ment. But how do we decide things? Finally, I think this is about taking something that wasn’t partisan. I go back to the Clean Water Act, in its origination, was a bipartisan bill, but making it partisan by, again, executive overreach. So my colleague from Oregon, who is a dear friend and I think a strong advo-cate, mentioned the fact that he has strongly advocated for craft brewers back home. It would take me many beers to buy into the notion of moving forward without change. I think this is about upholding a 200- year tradition in this country on rule of law. I think it is about protecting farmers, whether they be in Johns Is-land, South Carolina, or the outskirts of Texas, or, for that matter, it is about those of us who love the environ-ment, but sticking with this tradition of deciding these things in this Cham-ber. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), the chairman of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S.J. Res. 22, a resolution to disapprove the waters of the U.S. rule, a rule that amounts to a massive overreach by the Obama ad-ministration’s EPA. This rule and the process in which the EPA developed it ignored stake-holders, ignored States, and, as reports have shown, even ignored concerns from the Army Corps of Engineers, the Federal agency that was supposed to be co-developing the rule. b1015 Through hearings, letters, and public forums, we repeatedly asked the ad-ministration to simply start over with a process that works with stakeholders to achieve the goals of the Clean Water Act, rather than act like a schoolyard bully. We all want clean water, and we can and should work together to achieve it. Unfortunately, all of these requests fell on deaf ears, and the administra-tion, in what has become an all-too- common pattern, moved forward to ram this bill through with little regard to the comments or the concerns of Americans. The final rule ignores the spirit and the intent of the law in that EPA has claimed Federal jurisdiction over es-sentially any body of water, such as a farm pond, or even a ditch that is dry most of the year. America’s farmers and ranchers de-serve a government that will review and consider their thoughts, not a gov-ernment that refuses to engage stake-holders and hands down orders from on high. The process of developing the rule was flawed from the get-go, and the final product was right on par with an administration that wants to impose its authoritarian will on every inch of this great land. That is why the House voted over-whelmingly in favor of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. That is why I stand before you today to ask my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 22. Americans deserve better. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, we want to expedite this, but just really, I mean, we should deal with reality on the floor. Rule text 230.3(S)(2)(iv)(B): ‘‘The fol-lowing are not ‘waters of the United States’ . . . ’’—to go to this—‘‘artifi-cial, constructed lakes and ponds cre-ated in dry land such as farm and stock watering ponds . . . ’’ There had been language in the origi-nal rule which said that they would have to be used exclusively for farm purposes. This rule said they can be used for farm purposes or any other beneficial purposes. So ponds are not regulated. How many times do we have to say it? There are questions and interpreta-tions and problems and, again, Con-gress should act. Congress should have hearings and write legislation to reau-thorize the Clean Water Act for the first time in 28 years. Otherwise, we are going to be waiting 2 years for the courts to make a decision and, in the interim, we are stuck with the Bush rule. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding me time, and I support S.J. Res. 22, which rejects the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s waters of the United States rule. This rule is just another one of EPA’s many attempts to expand its jurisdic-tion and increase its power to regulate American waterways, even if that means invading Americans’ own back-yards. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s oversight hearings re-vealed that the EPA made arbitrary decisions in writing this rule and justi-fied it with phony science. And the Government Accountability Office found that the EPA’s use of social media to promote the rule actually violated the law. The Obama administration will do anything and say anything to impose its liberal agenda on the American peo-ple. I urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 22 and disapprove the waters of the United States rule. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Ohio has 2 minutes re-maining. Mr. GIBBS. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Well, I think this is the fifth time we have debated this issue on the floor, clearly, subject to widely disparate in-terpretation in terms of where we are and how we best move forward. I am not going to regurgitate the ar-guments. They have all been made. Not everybody has said it, but they have all been made. But, again, I think that the best way forward—I mean, first off, this resolu-tion is going to be vetoed. It will go back to the Senate first because it is a Senate bill, and the Senate showed clearly that they are far, far short of a veto override. So that will be the end of it, unless we want to take it up for the sixth time in the House and pre-tend that somehow, by overriding a veto in the House, if that could happen, that we are going to compel the Senate to re-re-reconsider its failure to over-ride the veto. Hopefully we won’t go through that charade. We don’t have very many leg-islative days this year. I think that time would be better spent, perhaps, on initiating hearings and looking toward, in the next Congress, Congress exerting its constitutional authority to revisit the Clean Water Act, which hasn’t been revisited in 27 years. We have learned a lot about waters of the United States in the last 27 years, what needs to be protected and what can be exempted. We have certainly learned a lot since the Bush era when a rule was written that indiscriminately covers ditches, and other features of farms and roadwork. That was a mis-take. So we could, I believe, probably, like we did with the WRRDA bill in the last Congress, or the surface transportation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.013 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H345 January 13, 2016 
bill in this Congress, have a pretty vig-orous debate, but come up with a de-cent way forward, because nobody dis-agrees over the need for clean water in this country. It is a precious, precious commodity. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, we have had a lot of good discussion and debate today, and it is clear that we need to have clarity and certainty for all the stakeholders, while we protect the en-vironment at the same time. We tried to do that with H.R. 1732, which passed with bipartisan support here, and, obviously, it wasn’t taken up in the Senate. So we are here with this Congressional Review Act. I would like to talk about, if this rule goes through, what happens. Really, what happens is it greatly expands the power of the bureaucracy, and it gives them a lot of open, free discretion to make decisions on a case-by-case basis. But it is going to do something else. It is going to require farmers, States, local governments, developers, home-owners to get permits from the Federal Government to do pretty much any-thing, because they are under Federal jurisdiction. It also opens them up to citizens’ lawsuits, frivolous lawsuits, but they will defend themselves because when the Clean Water Act was passed, it was passed with tough penalties to go after the polluters that we had back in the sixties and the seventies, and we have addressed a lot of that. So it is going to add costs, unnecessary costs. And I would argue, and nobody has mentioned this, but I would argue that this rule can make us go backwards in the improvements we have made in this country on water quality and pro-tecting the environment. The reason we can go backwards is because most people want to do the right thing. Most people want to protect the water. Farmers, I am a farmer, I want to pro-tect it because I am one of the first ones to drink it. So we want to protect that. But when you add up so much red tape and bureaucracy and costs, they are not necessarily going to do what they might have done otherwise. They will just do what they have to do to get by. They won’t put in buffer strips. They won’t do grass waterways. They won’t do things to protect the environ-ment because they have got to get a permit to do everything. And they will just say: No, this is just ridiculous, the bureaucrats are going to come out here and hassle me. And they are just not going to do it. So that is what this rule does. It ac-tually has the potential to hurt the en-vironment, and we need to protect the environment. So we need to rescind this rule, re-voke this rule, go back to the table, the drawing board, and instruct our agencies to come up with a common-sense rule, go through the process cor-rectly, don’t break the law when they do it, and talk to the States. You know, it is incredible. As soon as they filed the new rule in the Federal Register, 20-some States immediately, almost 30 States immediately, within 24 hours, filed a lawsuit. That ought to be a red flag that there is a problem. So I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Let’s go back to the drawing board and start over. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to S.J. Res. 22, a bill pro-viding for Congressional disapproval of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to a ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of Waters of the United States.’’ Today, the House is debating S.J. Res. 22, a resolution under the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to disapprove the Administration’s Clean Water Act Rule issued in June 2015. The CRA is a blunt instrument and the reso-lution would not only strike the rule in its en-tirety—throwing out decades of work and re-igniting confusion and uncertainty among in-dustry and conservation communities—it would block future administrations from ever resolving the confusion surrounding the Clean Water Act’s definition of ‘‘waters of the United States.’’ This joint resolution is an extraordinary and radical action to overturn a fundamental, once- in-a-generation final rule that is critical to the effective implementation of the 1972 Clean Water Act, and that was adopted following an exhaustive public rulemaking process. This joint resolution would overturn this rule that finally resolves longstanding confusion and debate, promotes clarity and efficiency for regulatory programs promoting river health, and preserves longstanding protections for farmers, ranchers, and forester. America’s hunters and anglers cannot afford to have Congress undermine effective Clean Water Act safeguards, leaving communities and valuable fish and wildlife habitat at risk in-definitely. Along the Texas Gulf Coast where Houston is located we have worked long and hard to protect essential habitats for fish, crabs and bird estuaries. This joint resolution dismisses out of hand the voices of the millions of Americans, includ-ing businesses that depend on clean water, who support the new rule and are eager to reap its benefits. The President has communicated that this bill will be vetoed if passed in its current form. The ‘‘Resolution of Disapproval’’ under the Congressional Review Act attacks the Clean Water Rule, the Obama Administration’s land-mark initiative to restore safeguards against pollution and destruction for lakes, streams, wetlands and other water bodies. The Clean Water Rule restores important safeguards that once existed for a variety of water bodies that are the breeding grounds for fish. The rule restores prior protections for many critical wetlands, which curb flooding, filter pol-lution, and provide habitat for a wide variety of wildlife, including endangered species and wildfowl and fish prized by hunters and an-glers. We must reject this attempt to inject Con-gress into a regulatory process that is best managed by the agency experts who are well versed in the process and the objectives. Although this issue of the children of Flint haven been poisoned by lead contamination of drinking water it is relevant to the broader de-bate on clean water and what we must remain focused upon. The Clean Water Act (CWA) is the primary federal law in the United States governing water pollution. It is credited for restoring clean water levels in the United States that were contaminated by chemicals and pollutants being dumped into fresh water sources. The law maintains the chemical, physical, and biological integrity of the nation’s waters by preventing point and nonpoint pollution sources, providing assistance to publicly owned treatment works for the improvement of wastewater treatment, and maintaining the in-tegrity of wetlands. It is one of the United States’ first and most influential modern environmental laws. The disapproval resolution would undo years of work by this and previous Administra-tions to clarify which waterways are covered by the Clean Water Act, reducing costly confu-sion and permitting delays and restoring pro-tections for streams and wetlands across the country. The confusion surrounding which waterways are covered by the Clean Water Act protec-tions originates from two Supreme Court deci-sions (2001 and 2006) which called into ques-tion whether the Act protects isolated, intra-state, non-navigable waters and waters and tributaries in the upper portions of a water-shed. Subsequent interpretive guidance by the Bush Administration has led to an incon-sistent, patchwork system frustrating the regu-lated community and general public concerned with health and safety of our waterways. In April 2014, in response to requests from regulated industry and the conservation com-munities, the Obama Administration published a proposed rule, replacing the Bush Adminis-tration-era guidance documents, to reduce regulatory uncertainty and establish a dear process for asserting Clean Water Act jurisdic-tion over waters. The EPA held more than 400 public meetings and listened to a significant amount of public comment on the proposed rule. The final rule was issued on June 29, 2015. In October 2015, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit stayed the Clean Water Act Rule nationwide. Accordingly, the rule is tied up in Federal and state courts and, there-fore, is not in effect. House Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure Ranking Member P
ETER DEFAZIO opposes this damaging disapproval resolution and is urging Members to vote NO. The White House has threatened to veto this disapproval resolution if it reaches the President’s desk: The Administration strongly opposes S.J. Res. 22, which would nullify a specified Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Department of the Army (Army) final rule clarifying the jurisdictional boundaries of the Clean Water Act (CWA). The agencies’ rulemaking, grounded in science and the law, is essential to ensure clean water for future generations, and is responsive to calls for rulemaking from the Congress, industry, and community stakeholders as well as decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. If enacted, S.J. Res. 22 would nullify years of work and deny businesses and commu-nities the regulatory certainty needed to invest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.014 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH346 January 13, 2016 
in projects that rely on clean water. S.J. Res. 22 is not an act of good governance. If the President were presented with S.J. Res. 22, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. There is broad opposition to this disapproval resolution from the conservation, consumer, science, and recreational sports communities including: Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, Greenpeace, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Consortium of Aquatic Science Societies, American Fly Fishing Trade Association, Inter-national Federation of Fly Fishers, Backcountry Hunters & Anglers, The Izaak Walton League, National Wildlife Federation, Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, and Trout Unlimited. I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 583, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the third reading of the joint resolution. The joint resolution was ordered to be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 583, I call up the bill (H.R. 3662) to enhance congres-sional oversight over the administra-tion of sanctions against certain Ira-nian terrorism financiers, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 583, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3662 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR RE-MOVAL OF FOREIGN FINANCIAL IN-STITUTIONS, INCLUDING IRANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, FROM THE LIST OF SPECIALLY DES-IGNATED NATIONALS AND BLOCKED PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On or after July 19, 2015, the President may not remove a foreign fi-nancial institution, including an Iranian fi-nancial institution, described in subsection (b) from the list of specially designated na-tionals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury unless and until the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a certification de-scribed in subsection (c) with respect to the foreign financial institution. (b) COVERED INSTITUTIONS .—A foreign fi-nancial institution, including an Iranian fi-nancial institution, described in this sub-section is a foreign financial institution list-ed in Attachment 3 or Attachment 4 to Annex II of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The President may re-move a foreign financial institution, includ-ing an Iranian financial institution, de-scribed in subsection (b) from the list of spe-cially designated nationals and blocked per-sons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury if the President submits to the ap-propriate congressional committees a certifi-cation that the foreign financial institu-tion— (1) has not knowingly, directly or indi-rectly, facilitated a significant transaction or transactions or provided significant finan-cial services for or on behalf of— (A) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or any of its agents or affiliates whose property or interests in property are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (B) a foreign terrorist organization for or on behalf of a person whose property or in-terests in property have been blocked pursu-ant to Executive Order 13224 (66 Fed. Reg. 49079; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism); and (C) a person whose property or interests in property are blocked pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act in connection with Iran’s proliferation of weap-ons of mass destruction or delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction, or to fur-ther Iran’s development of ballistic missiles and destabilizing types and amounts of con-ventional weapons; and (2) no longer knowingly engages in illicit or deceptive financial transactions or other activities. (d) F
ORM.—A certification described in sub-section (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ means any organization designated by the Sec-retary of State as a foreign terrorist organi-zation in accordance with section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (3) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘Iranian financial institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 104A(d)(3) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-countability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)(3)). 
SEC. 3. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR RE-MOVAL OF CERTAIN FOREIGN PER-SONS FROM THE LIST OF SPECIALLY DESIGNATED NATIONALS AND BLOCKED PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On or after July 19, 2015, the President may not remove a foreign per-son described in subsection (b) from the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury until the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a cer-tification described in subsection (c) with re-spect to the foreign person. (b) COVERED PERSONS AND ENTITIES .—A for- eign person described in this subsection is a foreign person listed in Attachment 3 or At-tachment 4 to Annex II of the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action. (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The President may re-move a foreign person described in sub-section (b) from the list of specially des-ignated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury if the President submits to the appropriate con-gressional committees a certification that the foreign person— (1) has not knowingly assisted in, spon-sored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or financial or other services to or in support of terrorism or a terrorist organization; and (2) has not knowingly engaged in signifi-cant activities or transactions that have ma-terially contributed to the Government of Iran’s proliferation of weapons of mass de-struction or their means of delivery (includ-ing missiles capable of delivering such weap-ons), including any efforts to manufacture, acquire, possess, develop, transport, transfer, or use such item. (d) F
ORM.—A certification described in sub-section (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’— (A) means— (i) an individual who is not a United States person; (ii) a corporation, partnership, or other nongovernmental entity which is not a United States person; or (iii) any representative, agent or instru-mentality of, or an individual working on be-half of a foreign government; but (B) does not include a foreign financial in-stitution, including an Iranian financial in-stitution, described in section 2(b). (2) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SEC. 4. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR RE-MOVAL OF DESIGNATION OF IRAN AS A JURISDICTION OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may not remove the designation of Iran as a jurisdic-tion of primary money laundering concern pursuant to section 5318A of title 31, United States Code, unless the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a certification described in subsection (b) with respect to Iran. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The President may re-move the designation of Iran as a jurisdic-tion of primary money laundering concern if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that the Government of Iran is no longer en-gaged in support for terrorism, pursuit of weapons of mass destruction, and any illicit and deceptive financial activities. (c) F
ORM.—The certification described in subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.009 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H347 January 13, 2016 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 5. APPLICABILITY OF CONGRESSIONAL RE-VIEW OF CERTAIN AGENCY RULE-MAKING RELATING TO IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any rule to amend or otherwise alter a covered regulatory provi-sion as defined in subsection (c) that is pub-lished on or after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed to be a rule or major rule (as the case may be) for purposes of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, and shall be subject to all applicable require-ments of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code. (b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the head of the applicable department or agency of the Federal Government shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on the operation of the licensing system under each covered regulatory provision as defined in subsection (c) for the preceding 2- year period, including— (1) the number and types of licenses ap-plied for; (2) the number and types of licenses ap-proved; (3) a summary of each license approved; (4) a summary of transactions conducted pursuant to a general license; (5) the average amount of time elapsed from the date of filing of a license applica-tion until the date of its approval; (6) the extent to which the licensing proce-dures were effectively implemented; and (7) a description of comments received from interested parties about the extent to which the licensing procedures were effec-tive, after the applicable department or agency holds a public 30-day comment pe-riod. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered regulatory provision’’ means any provision of part 535, 560, 561, or 1060 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as such part was in effect on June 1, 2015. 
SEC. 6. PROHIBITIONS AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN ACCOUNTS HELD BY FOREIGN FINANCIAL INSTI-TUTIONS. 
Section 104(c)(2)(A)(ii) of the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(c)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended by adding at the end before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, in-cluding Hezbollah, Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and any affiliates or succes-sors thereof’’. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given the term in section 14(2) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (2) J
OINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION .— The term ‘‘Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Republic of China, France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom and the United States, with the High Representative of the Euro-pean Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action, and transmitted by the President to Congress on July 19, 2015, pursu-ant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–17; 129 Stat. 201). The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to submit any extraneous materials on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to recognize Congressman R
USSELL for his work on this legisla-tion, the Iran Terror Finance Trans-parency Act. I think we should all re-flect on the reason for this resolution, one of the reasons, and that is that, since the Obama administration sealed the nuclear deal with Iran, Iran has been on a bit of a tear. It has acceler-ated its missile program at the request of President Rouhani. It has taken an additional American hostage. It has stepped up the slaughter in Syria. Days after that agreement was final-ized, you had Iranian rockets firing 1,500 yards off the U.S. aircraft carrier Truman. And just yesterday, Iran de-tained 10 U.S. sailors, which was not appreciated, especially coming on the aftermath of firing those rockets near the Truman. Now, we are all relieved to learn this morning that the sailors have been re-leased. Yet, in what could be a matter of days, Iran will cash in with $100 bil-lion-plus in sanctions relief of money which is now in escrow. And I am sure it has occurred to many of us that if Iran behaves this way now, in a few days, when it gets its hands on this bankroll, especially given the fact that that money is going to the IRGC, not to the Iranian people, what other ac-tions are we going to see from the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps? We had a story this weekend, front page, in the weekend edition of The Wall Street Journal, and the headline of that story is ‘‘Nuclear Deal Fuels Iran’s Hard-Liners.’’ Iran’s hard-liners will be the biggest winner out of this. The Revolutionary Guards, the same radical forces that held these 10 U.S. sailors, that force and their proxies control many of the industries that will benefit from the influx of hard cur-rency and new investment. Whether it is energy or construction, they control it. This ICBM program, they control it. b1030 Just as many of us warned prior to this deal about the appetite for en-forcement, once this deal gets under-way, there is no pushback from the ad-ministration on this. Since the nuclear deal, Iran has tested two ballistic mis-siles. Now, that is in violation of the U.N. Security Council resolution. This administration’s response was to an-nounce and then abandon new sanc-tions within a very short timeframe, apparently to not offend the Supreme Leader, to not risk its flawed nuclear deal. When it comes to Iran, we need a pol-icy of more backbone, not more back-ing down, because it was not supposed to be this way with this deal. In an-nouncing the nuclear deal, President Obama claimed that American sanc-tions on Iran for its support of ter-rorism, its human rights abuses, and its ballistic missile program will con-tinue to be fully enforced. Those were the President’s words, and just after that, with Secretary Kerry’s argument testifying before the Foreign Affairs Committee. This legislation is a first step in holding the administration to these commitments. Under the bill, before the President can lift sanctions on a particular person or bank or company to implement the nuclear deal, he must certify that their removal is related to Iran’s nuclear program alone. That is who we were told would be getting the sanctions relief—not those tied to ter-rorism, not those tied to Iran’s bal-listic missile or other illicit weapons programs that were under sanction from the U.N. resolutions. When the Treasury Department sanc-tioned Bank Melli in 2007, it noted that the institution had provided banking services to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Quds Force. The Quds Force is in charge of assassina-tions outside of Iran. As we all know, the Revolutionary Guards have com-mitted acts of terrorism and com-mitted those missile tests that we just recently saw. Why, then, is this bank set to receive sanctions relief in the coming days? Bank Sepah, one of Iran’s largest banks, will be another big winner of sanctions relief in the coming days. When that bank was designated, and that was January of 2007, then-Treas-ury Under Secretary Stuart Levey noted with this argument: ‘‘Bank Sepah is the financial linchpin of Iran’s missile procurement network.’’ What we have to think about here is there is one reason—one reason—why a state develops ICBMs. It is to deliver a nuclear payload. It is to deliver a weap-on. So, he says it is the financial linchpin and ‘‘has actively assisted Iran’s pursuit of missiles capable of carrying weapons of mass destruction.’’ Indeed, Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram is advancing under President Rouhani. He just called for the pro-gram to be accelerated. That is what we have in the face of this agreement. We should not be letting this bank off the ropes, opening it for business from Europe to Asia. To be clear, those Iranian banks and individuals not supporting terrorism and not supporting ICBMs can be delisted—that was what was originally represented to this Congress—but not those threatening our national secu-rity, and not those making threats to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.010 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH348 January 13, 2016 
us while the Ayatollah is saying ‘‘death to America,’’ ‘‘death to Israel.’’ That is what this legislation does, and it is the policy that the adminis-tration explained to this House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 8, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015, and H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act, both of which were referred to the Committee on Financial Services in addition to your Com-mittee. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions of the bills that fall with-in our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to dis-charge our Committee from further consider-ation of the bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Com-mittee on Financial Services takes this ac-tion with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 757 and H.R. 3662 at this time, we do not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Com-mittee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remain-ing issues that fall within our Rule X juris-diction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legisla-tion, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 757 and H.R. 3662 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of let-ters on this matter be included in your Com-mittee’s report to accompany the legislation and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, January 8, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, House Committee on Financial Serv-ices, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act, and for agreeing to be dis-charged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Financial Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3662 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. Mr. ENGEL . I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this measure. First, I do want to thank my good friend, Chairman E
DROYCE . It is not very often we find ourselves on dif-ferent sides of foreign affairs issues, which is a credit to the way he runs our committee; but in this case, in my view, this bill isn’t the right fit or the right approach. We should go back to the drawing board, rather than ramming through a partisan measure that will never be-come law. We should go through our normal process of drafting legislation in a bipartisan way with input from both sides, rather than advancing something that was put together with-out a single Democrat having any input whatsoever. As a result, this bill does not have a single Democratic co-sponsor. If we are going to pass legislation like this, it only works if we do it in a bipartisan way—as Americans—not as Democrats or Republicans. We should come back here with a bipartisan bill that can actually move forward, just as we have done again and again and again on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. The question here is not whether Iran is a good player. Iran is a bad player. In fact, it is a terrible player. It is important that we do act on the challenge of Iran. Like Chairman R
OYCE , I oppose the Iran deal, but our side lost the debate. The deal is in place. Now we need to make sure that Iran is living up to its commitments under that deal, that every word of the deal is enforced, that we crack down on Iran’s other bad behavior, and that we take steps to shore up the security of Israel and our other allies in the re-gion. That is the kind of bill I want to support, and we can do it together. This bill doesn’t address any of the issues. Instead, this bill would estab-lish an impossible standard for the President. The bill says that, in order to remove a person or a company from the nuclear sanctions list, the Presi-dent would have to certify that the person or company never, at any point, engaged in sanctionable behavior, in-cluding support for Iran’s weapons of mass destruction programs. Well, if they had never engaged in sanctionable behavior, why would they be on the sanctions list in the first place? It just doesn’t make sense, Mr. Speaker. Now, this could be a drafting flaw or it could be just about embarrassing the President, but it would make it impos-sible for the United States to meet its obligations under the JCPOA. That worries me because, rather than hold-ing Iran’s feet to the fire and strength-ening oversight, we seem to be going down the same path we have taken with the Affordable Care Act. Sixty- two times we voted to repeal it. A cou-ple of months ago, we had a vote which essentially repeals the JCPOA, and now we are doing it a second time. Will we do it 60 more times? It is a waste of all of our time. Let’s put our heads to-gether and come up with a bipartisan bill that really works. Now, 62 times to vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act; my opinion is, those were symbolic votes because we knew the President would never repeal his own bill. Today, this is a symbolic vote because we know the President is never going to sink his own agreement. My constituents don’t want symbolic votes, Mr. Speaker. They want results. Symbolic votes won’t help us crack down on Iran’s support for terrorism or their other dangerous behavior. Again, I am confident that we can work in a bipartisan way to craft legis-lation. We have done it again and again and again on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Just look at the Iran sanctions bill that Chairman ROYCE and I wrote in 2013. It passed unanimously out of the Foreign Affairs Committee—unani-mously. And we have people who be-lieve in their politics from the right to the left and everywhere in between, but it was unanimous because we did it in a bipartisan way and it made sense. It came to the floor, and it passed by a vote of 400–8. That is the kind of thing we should be doing now on this very se-rious issue. So if we are serious about this issue, that is the approach we need to take. I am confident that in the days ahead, I will be working with Chairman R
OYCE  and all of our Members to bring for-ward good, bipartisan legislation, but this bill is the wrong way to go. I don’t impugn anybody’s motives. I know people worked hard on this. But this is just simply, in my opinion, the wrong way to go. So, Mr. Speaker, I will vote against it, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ), the author of this legislation. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, 19 Au-gust 2015, and I quote the President of the United States: 
I made sure that the United States re-served its right to maintain and enforce ex-isting sanctions and even to deploy new sanctions to address those continuing con-cerns, which we fully intend to do when cir-cumstances warrant. It is imperative that we take steps to deal with Iran’s destabilizing activities and sup-port for terrorism. This involves continued enforcement of international and United States law, including sanctions related to Iran’s nonnuclear activities. 
I am quoting the President: 
We will maintain powerful sanctions tar-geting Iran’s support for groups such as Hezbollah, its destabilizing role in Yemen, its backing of the Assad regime, its missile program, and its human rights abuses at home. 
This was in direct response, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman who is say-ing that he is not for upholding these things today. We had many in a bipar-tisan fashion who voted against this agreement. The President has stated clearly that, under the terms of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.018 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H349 January 13, 2016 
Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-countability, and Divestment Act of 2010, he would not interfere with the terrorist list, that he would not inter-fere with the human rights list. But the simple fact is—and I have read every single word of the joint agreement—there are hundreds of peo-ple in Annex II on that sanctions list. Among them are more than 50 that are on the terrorist list and the human rights list as violators. The President said that they will not be lifted off, and yet there they are. That is what this bill does. It is interesting that last week—and I quote a letter by our esteemed col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker—and here is the letter that they sent to the President of the United States reinforcing why this bill is such a good idea: 
Iran’s destabilizing behavior in the region and continued support for terrorism rep-resent an unacceptable threat to our closest allies as well as our own national security. As the international community prepares for implementation of the joint agreement, Iran must understand that violating inter-national laws, treaties, and agreements will have serious consequences. We call on the administration—this is their words, Mr. Speaker—to immediately announce new, U.S. sanctions against individuals and enti-ties involved in Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram to ensure Iran is held accountable for its actions. 
I continue to quote this letter: 
Inaction from the United States would send the misguided message that, in the wake of the joint agreement, the inter-national community has lost the willingness to hold the Iranian regime accountable for its support for terrorism and other offensive actions throughout the region—including Syria, Yemen, Lebanon, and the Gaza Strip. This behavior—including ballistic missile tests, as the chairman spoke about—poses a direct threat to American national security interests and those of our allies. 
Mr. Speaker, this was signed by Rep-resentative L
OWEY ; our esteemed col-league that is at the podium now on the other side of the aisle, Mr. E
NGEL ; the leader of the Democratic National Committee for Congress, D
EBBIE  W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ; and our esteemed colleagues Mr. S
IRES, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, and Mr. N AD-
LER. Do you know what? We agree with them. We agree totally with them that these sanctions should be upheld, that the law is the law, and that the 2010 Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act is still the law. That is what this bill does. There have been claims that it was not done in a bipartisan fashion, and I find this somewhat puzzling because I personally talked to Mr. E
NGEL about this bill. I went item by item through it and what its content was. I reached out to the Democratic leadership in August. I have been working this bill since July. So, yes, we can do it in a bi-partisan fashion. I regret, because I am a freshman and only have fought on three continents and have a foreign affairs and national security background, that I am not on the Foreign Affairs Committee. But that doesn’t denote, Mr. Speaker, a lack of understanding of the way the world works and what the threat is in the United States of America when we have made a law that says that, if you are a terrorist or a human rights viola-tor, we are not going to allow you to have sanctions relief under the JCPOA. The President said that that is what he is going to do. Democrats and Repub-licans have said that is what they will uphold. That is what this bill does, and yet we see, puzzlingly, opposition to these very things. Here is what the bill is: Annex II of the joint agreement lifts sanctions for hundreds of individuals for nuclear pro-liferation or human rights violation or terrorist violation. More than 50 of these individuals and entities have been identified on the joint agreement for sanctions relief. This simply re-quires that, before those are delisted, the President certify why. It doesn’t say they can never come off. Read sec-tion 4. It is pretty clear. It says that the President must certify justification on why that is the case. What this bill is not: a knee-jerk re-action, a partisan ploy that is quickly crafted due to recent events. We have been working for months on this. The bill was crafted without major efforts—not true, as I have proven this morning. This is upholding the law. Mr. Speaker, I urge that we have the discussion. I know my colleagues feel deeply about this. I know that they also would like to see this continued. Let’s pass this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), my friend and colleague. He is a very valued member of the For-eign Affairs Committee and ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. b1045 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , for his leadership today. I deeply appreciate the bipartisan way that he and Chairman R
OYCE have run our committee when it comes to the goal that we all share of preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. I am also grateful for the commitment that my friend Mr. R
USSELL has made to this same issue and to his service to our country. This legislation, unfortunately, doesn’t advance this goal that we share, nor does it prevent Iran’s other provocative, illegal, and destabilizing regional activities. I opposed the nuclear deal. I have been clear about my concerns with the deal itself and with what Iran might try to do with billions of dollars in sanctions relief. I have also been clear about my frustration that the ballistic missile tests undertaken by Iran in vio-lation of U.S. and international law have not yet resulted in sanctions ei-ther by the United Nations Security Council or by the administration. Given the dangerous behavior that we have seen out of Iran in the past months and weeks with respect to its illicit ballistic missile program and its continued funding of Hezbollah in Syria, we should be working together to put forward legislation that strengthens the enforcement of the JCPOA and prevents Iran from con-tinuing its sponsorship of terror, its il-legal missile development, and its gross human rights violations. This bill, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, doesn’t do any of those things. Some of my colleagues claim the bill will prevent entities from getting sanc-tions relief under the deal that have ties to terrorism or WMD proliferation. I expressed directly to the administra-tion that they need to ensure that any entity that is subject to sanctions re-lief under the nuclear deal be carefully investigated and resanctioned if they are found to be engaging in support for terrorism or human rights abuses, but this bill doesn’t do that. Instead, it requires certification that the 400 entities named in the JCPOA have never engaged in activities re-lated to terrorism or the development of weapons of mass destruction. This standard will result in the administra-tion devoting significant time and re-sources to a certification that can never be met, while also preventing— importantly preventing—implementa-tion of the JCPOA. Instead of devoting the necessary resources to sanctioning individuals and entities that support terrorism and violate human rights— dangerous activities that were never part of the nuclear deal—it devotes enormous resources to a process that won’t accomplish that. Iran must pay the price for its continued bad behav-ior. Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today adds several of Iran’s terrorist proxies to the banking provi-sions of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act, one of our most important sanc-tions laws. Of course we want to stop banks from facilitating transactions to these terrorist organizations; but, un-fortunately, some of our European friends attempt to distinguish between the military and political wings of ter-rorist groups. They shouldn’t. There is no distinction. I have spoken out against this policy. Nevertheless, because of this discrep-ancy, by naming these specific ter-rorist groups in CISADA, this bill has the potential to cut off European banks from the U.S. financial system. Now is the time, Mr. Speaker, for us to be working with our allies to craft the toughest international sanctions to crack down on Iran’s dangerous activi-ties. Mr. Speaker, whether you supported this deal or not, as Mr. E
NGEL said, it is going forward. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman from Florida an additional 1 minute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.019 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH350 January 13, 2016 
Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend. We should be looking for bipartisan ways to ensure that it is enforced with vigor and with the most stringent veri-fication and compliance. If a violation occurs or if Iran continues to engage in illegal activities that were never a part of this nuclear deal, we must ensure that we have the tools to enact pun-ishing new sanctions, hopefully, with the support of our international part-ners, but certainly with the full, bipar-tisan support of the United States Con-gress. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I cannot speak about Iran on the floor of the U.S. House without making clear that every one of us—435 Members of the House of Representatives—stand united in our commitment to bringing home from Iran Jason Rezaian, Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, Siamak Namazi, and, my constituent, Bob Levinson. They sit in Iran, but we look forward to wel-coming them home. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time and for his work on this legislation. I do want to comment that the rank-ing member, Mr. E
NGEL , I value his wisdom on the issue of Iran, and espe-cially in defense of Israel. We happen to disagree on this specific legislation. Mr. Speaker, the nuclear agreement that the administration made with Iran was still a bad deal for America. As a former judge down in Texas, I know that when the bad guys do bad things, you don’t reward bad conduct. At a time when the administration needs to be strong and firm, it seems to be showing wobbly knees on this deal. Now we are left with a deal where the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism is only a few small steps away from a nuclear bomb. The administra-tion’s continued leniency with Iran is conceding even more than what is re-quired in the deal. The administration is making this bad deal even worse. The President promised the Amer-ican people that this bad deal still al-lows nonnuclear-related sanctions on Iran. Good for the President. Great promise. Iran, not to the shock of any of us, has violated some of the rules that they are to abide by. They violated two U.N. resolutions restricting ballistic missile tests last month. The Treasury Department told Con-gress it would levy new sanctions on Iran, primarily financial sanctions. That would support the President’s promise to America. But at the last minute, the State Department got in-volved and said, whoa, no sanctions, not so fast—and no sanctions. More shaky knees, Mr. Speaker. Why does the administration waffle on calling Iran out for violations? America’s national security interests seem to take a backseat to confronting Iran politically. I support H.R. 3662. This is an impor-tant bill to ensure the President can’t lift sanctions on those institutions and individuals who are involved in ter-rorism. Remember, Mr. Speaker, Iran is still the number one world state sponsor of terrorism, and they are con-tinuing their mischief throughout the world. We don’t need to make it easier for Iran’s terrorist proxies to get even more money than the $150 billion that they are getting in the deal. With this bill, the President must prove to Congress that a person or en-tity has not given financial or materiel support to a terrorist organization be-fore removing them from the sanctions list. Sounds logical to me, Mr. Speaker. Sanctions unrelated to the nuclear deal must remain in place. The na-tional security of the United States is at stake. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), my friend and colleague, and a member of the Appro-priations Committee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague. I rise in strong opposition to this deeply misguided legislation. Reports from international experts, nuclear watchdogs, and representatives of our international coalition make clear that Iran is on its way to fully dismantling its nuclear weapons pro-gram. Breakout times at this moment have already been tripled and quad-rupled. We need to understand, just because the JCPOA does not deal with all of Iran’s abuses doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t solve the nuclear issue. We have already had that debate. Iran is still a state sponsor of terrorism, and the proposed expansion of its ballistic missile program is particularly trou-bling. These issues must be addressed. But a nuclear-armed Iran would only make these abuses more dangerous, and it would be wildly foolish to sug-gest that we must forego our only real opportunity to keep a nuclear weapon out of the regime’s hands just because these ancillary issues remain. This bill would do exactly that. It would scuttle the JCPOA, the result of years of inter-national negotiation and diplomacy in cooperation with our international partners. Absent the nuclear agree-ment, Iran could resume its nuclear program without international over-sight, could go back to that 3-month breakout time, and, by the way, con-tinue the state sponsorship of ter-rorism, continue its human rights abuses, and continue its ballistic mis-sile expansion. In short, this bill would snatch the feet from the jaws of victory as the dis-mantling of Iran’s nuclear program proceeds. It would be reckless in the extreme, and I strongly urge my col-leagues to reject it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), a member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and the co-sponsor of this bill. Mr. ROSKAM. Thank you, Chairman ROYCE , for your leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Mr. R
USSELL ’s initiative. Last night, Mr. Speaker, there was a murmur throughout the room here when the President was giving the State of the Union message. I am para-phrasing, but when he made the asser-tion that essentially the United States is perceived well around the world and, in fact, better than ever before, there was an audible sense of outcry. People were really concerned about that asser-tion. Then the President went on to make his point. I think it is an admonition for us all to recognize, as Judge P
OEsaid a cou-ple of moments ago, there is a wobbliness in this administration. In other words, how many provocations are the Iranians able to move forward and the administration is inert? How many provocations can the Iranians push and the administration remains with no action? I will tell you something. This is just off the news. Reuters is reporting that the Major General Hassan Firouzabadi, the head of the Iranian Armed Forces, says that the naval incident that is being reconciled today, that this should be a lesson to whom? To trou-blemakers in Congress—troublemakers in Congress—who oppose Iranian ag-gression. I think Mr. R
USSELL ’s approach here is very commonsense. It says those who have been complicit in sponsoring terror in the past ought not be getting the benefit of the sanctions regime being raised; they don’t get the benefit of participating in that. This has to be certified clearly, according to Mr. R
US-
SELL’s language, and it makes all the sense in the world. The notion that somehow the admin-istration is incapable of doing this I don’t find persuasive. I think we need an administration that can make these certifications, that does make these certifications, and if they can’t, then these terror financiers ought not be getting the benefit of sanctions relief. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ), a very valued member of our committee and ranking member on the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I voted for every sanctions bill on Iran that has come to this floor—I helped draft many of them—and I am ready to help draft, work on, and vote for sanctions bills on Iran because Iran continues its behavior in the area of missiles, and terrorism, and keeps seizing American hostages. I am ready to work on and support legislation to impose sanctions on Iran even if it is opposed by the ad-ministration. After all, almost every sanctions bill passed by this Congress was opposed either by the George W. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.021 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H351 January 13, 2016 
Bush administration or this adminis-tration. We need a good process to draft good legislation that will do what President Obama told us we would do, and that is use sanctions to deal with Iran’s non-nuclear wrongdoing. But we need a good process that will get us good leg-islation. Unfortunately, this is a bill that is the product of a bad process, a flawed process, and the bill itself is flawed. Let’s look at the process. Almost 100 cosponsors, but all of them from one party. No Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee was in-vited to help draft the legislation or even invited to cosponsor it. Now this bill comes to the floor under a closed rule, a rule that prevents us from offer-ing amendments that will deal with the flaws in the bill. There are at least two such flaws. The first is that the bill deprives the President of the authority to delist 489 entities. It locks those entities onto the SDN list, but it leaves out 269 other entities, creating two classes of enti-ties: one which must stay on the list under almost any circumstance I can think of, the other which the President can remove. And there is no particular reason for the 269 entities to be treated differently than the 489. All of them have been involved in supporting Iran’s proliferation and terrorist efforts. b1100 Second, this bill creates too high a standard for the President to be able to remove an entity. He has to certify that it has never at any time in history engaged in even the most trivial trans-action with a whole list of terrorist en-tities. We need a better drafting of that portion of the bill that deals with delisting entities, perhaps entities that have changed their behavior for well over a decade. I look forward to a bipartisan process and to, hopefully, an open rule. We see that reflected in the fact that I have introduced legislation, as just an exam-ple, that would impose additional sanc-tions on Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and that is sponsored by the chairman of our committee and by the immediate past chairman of our com-mittee. I know our committee can work in a bipartisan way to create better legisla-tion than that which is before us, and we need additional sanctions on Iran drafted carefully because Iran has en-gaged in a missile test in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions, be-cause Iran’s support for terrorism and Assad is responsible for the deaths of tens and tens of thousands—hundreds of thousands—of people in Syria and Yemen and because Iran used to hold four, but now holds five, American hos-tages. Fortunately, it does not hold our U.S. Navy sailors, but it holds five American civilians. It is consistent with American policy and with this administration’s policy. They negotiated a nuclear deal. They kept it only on the nuclear issue not because America has conceded and has accepted and has given Iran carte blanche to engage in terrorism and hostage-taking, but because the Presi-dent’s policy was that we would deal with these issues separately. It is time for us to deal with these issues sepa-rately through well-drafted, bipartisan legislation. I am confident that, in the weeks to come, the administration will use its existing power to sanction additional entities as a result of Iran’s illegal mis-sile test, and I am confident that our committee will craft bipartisan legisla-tion that will do what we know we need to do to deal with Iran’s wrong-doing outside the nuclear area. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. T
ROTT ), a member of the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. TROTT. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3662. When President Obama announced the nuclear agreement, he promised that sanctions against Iran’s support of terrorism, human rights abuses, and its ballistic missile program would con-tinue to be enforced. All this bill does is require the President to keep his word. If the bill passes, the President won’t be able to give Hezbollah, Hamas, and other terrorist groups billions of dol-lars. They will not be able to use bil-lions of dollars to continue testing long-range missiles in violation of U.N. resolutions. Who can disagree with this goal? The President probably disagrees. Some suggest that, if the bill reaches his desk, he will veto it. All we in Con-gress can do is to try and remind the President about his promises sur-rounding this deal. This might also be a good time to re-mind the President about Iran’s behav-ior over the past 2 months. They con-victed and imprisoned one of our jour-nalists. They detained another Amer-ican. They released five al Qaeda pris-oners. They have not released the four Americans they have been holding for years. They have tested their ballistic missiles. They fired a missile that came close to one of our naval vessels. And in the last 24 hours, they held 10 American sailors. It may well be true that neither Iran’s behavior nor this bill will cause the President to realize he made a mis-take in trusting Iran. I will rely on his-torians for that. It is unfortunate that this debate and this bill are necessary to remind the President that we expect him to keep his promise, his promise to withhold billions of dollars in sanctions relief that Iran will otherwise use to spread terror and will use to develop ballistic missiles that are aimed at our shores. Ranking Member E
NGEL may be cor-rect in that our actions today are sym-bolic, but we troublemakers in Con-gress have no choice. Whenever pos-sible, we must try to remind the Presi-dent that he cannot do a good deal with a bad guy. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3662. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The gentleman from New York has 14
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s Subcommittee on the Environment and the Economy. (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. I appreciate the chairman’s leadership. The gentleman knows how hard I work in supporting freedom and of my opposition to totali-tarian regimes. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, we passed H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act. Unfortunately, I missed that vote—that happens here sometimes—and the gentleman knows how I fully support it. Again today we address a problem with a rogue regime: Iran. I voted against the flawed Iranian deal. Iran still holds a marine veteran, a con-tractor, an American pastor, and a Washington Post reporter. They have tested two ballistic missiles. Sanctions should not be waived by the U.S. That is why I support this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ), a member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations and of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. Mr. STEWART. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, in my work on the Per-manent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, I have spent an awful lot of my time on these types of issues. I think there is much we can say about this bill, but at the end of the day, it comes down to two fundamental questions. They are really quite simple. The first is: Do you believe that the President will hold Iran accountable? In an interview yesterday, I chal-lenged the other person to show me the President’s foreign policy success be-cause I believe in this administration there has been 7 years of foreign policy failure, from China, to Russia, to Af-ghanistan, to Syria. The list is long. We have to ask: Do we trust the Presi-dent to implement policies that keep the world more or less safe? The second question is just as simple: Do we trust Iran? I asked Secretary Kerry to show me a single example of Iran working with us or with our allies in any positive fashion. They are, as has been said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.023 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH352 January 13, 2016 
here, the world’s greatest sponsor of terrorism. Recently they broke U.N. agreements not to test ballistic missiles. They have held our soldiers. From Hezbollah, to Hamas, to Syria, they foster terror and darkness everywhere they go. Do we trust Iran? Very simply, the answer is no, which is why this bill is so im-portant. It helps us to hold Iran accountable. It helps us to hold their proxies ac-countable. It removes the incentives for them to continue to expand their power and their policies and their goals, which are counter to U.S. and Western goals throughout the world. That is why I support this bill. I urge my colleagues to as well. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman from New York for his kind-ness. I acknowledge the chairman of this committee for his courtesies in de-bating this legislation. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I think it is important for all of us to acknowledge the safe return of our United States sailors and to recognize that the United States was persistent and deter-mined and, as well, made no apology and that the Iran Government moved quickly to return them. Let it be very clear that our sailors did nothing wrong. Obviously, when other sailors are in trouble, let me thank those who remain, as our heroes do. They leave no person, in essence, behind. So I am very grateful, and I know their families are grateful that they are safe. That, Mr. Speaker, is a distinctive point from where we are today. Every-one knows that Iran is a bad actor. Some of us on this floor voted for the Iran non-nuclear agreement while oth-ers did not. But I believe that we do ourselves harm when we continue to renegotiate or to re-vote, as we have continued to do 62 times with regard to ObamaCare. This legislation would restrict the President’s ability to lift sanctions on Iranian entities, thereby preventing the U.S. from carrying out its commit-ment under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed in Vienna, Aus-tria, on July 14, 2015. Specifically, the bill would require the President to certify that the delisted entity has not knowingly fa-cilitated a significant financial trans-action or has provided significant fi-nancial services to the IRGC or to ter-rorist affiliates. This, of course, would be a very dif-ficult and hindering aspect of the President’s responsibilities in his role as the Commander in Chief. It would specifically prevent the delisting of 400 banks, companies, and individuals that are engaged in Iran’s nuclear program, particularly the Central Bank. Section 2 would require the President to certify to Congress that any entity from the Office of Foreign Assets Con-trol sanctions list has not ever know-ingly facilitated a significant financial transaction. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this legislation impedes, prohibits, and stops the President and the next Presi-dent, as our representative of the face of America internationally and who has the responsibility, from enforcing this agreement. It was done primarily to stop Iran’s nuclear efforts. I, too, as one who has supported this legislation, believes that sanctions should be increased and that we should respond to Iran’s ballistic missile epi-sode, but there are ways to do that by strengthening the sanctions, not by tying the hands of the Commander in Chief—the President of the United States—and not by renegotiating this on the floor of the House to the extent that we have, in essence, giving the President no latitude with which to ne-gotiate. I ask my colleagues to oppose this legislation because it is not legislation that enhances our place. It takes away from the President’s authority, and it makes it very difficult to interact with Iran. Let me be very clear: Iran has its troubles, and it is a bad actor, but I will tell you there are better ways to handle this situation. I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Finance Trans-parency Act. We are here again wasting valuable time on measures we know have no real chance of survival beyond these debates. I strongly oppose this futile measure to block all efforts to enforce the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). H.R. 3662, would prevent the U.S. from im-plementing the JCPOA by tying the Adminis-tration’s ability to fulfill U.S. commitments under this long negotiated deal to unrelated, non-nuclear issues. The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act, which would prevent the United States from implementing the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) by tying the Adminis-tration’s ability to fulfill U.S. commitments under the deal to unrelated, non-nuclear issues. This bill includes provisions that connect the United States’ JCPOA commitment to provide sanctions relief by delisting certain Iran-related individuals and entities, including banks, to non-nuclear issues outside of the scope of the JCPOA. Certain provisions would effectively preclude delisting of individuals or entities on Imple-mentation Day of the JCPOA—the day on which the International Atomic Energy Agency verifies that Iran has completed key nuclear- related steps that significantly dismantle and constrain its nuclear program—based on activ-ity that may have taken place and ended long before Implementation Day and involving per-sons or activity that will no longer be sanc-tioned post-Implementation Day. By preventing the United States from ful-filling its JCPOA commitments, H.R. 3662 could result in the collapse of a comprehen-sive diplomatic arrangement that peacefully and verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. Such a collapse would remove the unprece-dented constraints on Iran’s nuclear program that we achieved in the JCPOA, lead to the unraveling of the international sanctions re-gime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to America’s credibility as a leader of inter-national diplomacy. This would have ripple effects, jeopardizing the hard work of sustaining a unified coalition to combat Iran’s destabilizing activities in the region, calling into question the effectiveness of our sanctions regime and our ability to lead the world on nuclear non-proliferation. The Administration has consistently made clear that the purpose of the nuclear negotia-tions, and ultimately the JCPOA—was to ad-dress one issue only: the international commu-nity’s concerns over Iran’s nuclear program and to verifiably prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. The JCPOA is the critical mechanism through which the United States was able to garner international support for our sanctions and achieve a diplomatic resolution. As we address our concerns with Iran’s nu-clear program through implementation of the JCPOA, the Administration remains clear-eyed and shares the deep concerns of the Con-gress and the American people about Iran’s support for terrorism. Powerful sanctions targeting Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile activities, its human rights abuses, and its destabilizing ac-tivities in the region remain in effect. Anyone worldwide who transacts with or supports individuals or entities sanctioned in connection with Iran’s support for terrorism or development of WMD and their means of de-livery, including missiles—or who does the same with any Iranian individual or entity who remains on Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, puts themselves at risk of being sanctioned. Up until this point, Iran has been meeting all commitments under the JCPOA—any impedi-ments to the United States ability to uphold its commitments jeopardizes the security of our nation. The President has made it clear that he will veto any legislation that prevents the success-ful implementation of the JCPOA. According to the Statement on Administra-tive Policy, if presented with H.R. 3662, the President will VETO this bill. Let’s just take a quick look back at some of the President’s foreign policy achievements: The capture and neutralization of Osama Bin Laden which brought an end to a nearly decade long manhunt. The withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq which helped to bring an end to a costly war, helping our country save billions of dollars in U.S. taxpayer funds. The current Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which has been instrumental in deter-ring and stemming Iran’s nuclear ambitions and enabling security in the global society. The repealing of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, an aspersion on the personal private matters of those who have dedicated their lives to pro-tecting our nation. Signing into law the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START), an important treaty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.025 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H353 January 13, 2016 
that showcases how the U.S leads by exam-ple by signing a treaty that requires both the United States and Russia to reduce their nu-clear warhead arsenals to 1,550 each, a 30 percent reduction from the 2002 Treaty of Moscow and a 74 percent reduction from the 1991 START treaty. Neutralization of al Qaeda propagandist and foreign fighter recruiter Anwar Al Awlaki, one of the main leaders in the Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). Indeed, under President Obama’s leader-ship, our country’s military aid to Israel has in-creased remarkably with the eye towards deepening and expanding U.S./Israeli rela-tions—an important aspect of our nation’s for-eign policy and geopolitical efforts to promote peace in the region. Not to mention historical deals on the envi-ronment vis a vis Cop 21, organizing over 200 nations on strategies to protect the environ-ment and proposed trade deals that will orga-nize and facilitate the United States stamp on the Asian economy. This president’s foreign policy achievements in promoting the security of our nation are ir-refutable. Any serious legislation addressing Iran should be done as it has been done up until now, in a bipartisan way. H.R. 3662 is an entirely partisan bill that ex-cluded the participation of all Democratic Members in drafting this measure or sup-porting it. This bill is fundamentally flawed and I urge all Members to vote against it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), who is the cospon-sor of this legislation. Mr. LANCE. I thank Chairman R
OYCE  and Mr. R
USSELL for their tremendous leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Fi-nance Transparency Act. The detention and interrogation of 10 American sailors near the Strait of Hormuz is the latest in a significant list of Iranian acts of aggression against American interests since Presi-dent Obama signed the Iran nuclear agreement in October. Thank God our sailors have been released. They never should have been detained. In recent weeks, we have witnessed two reported long-range ballistic mis-sile launches, the revelation by Iran of a new underground missile depot, the firing of rockets near U.S. Navy ships in the Strait of Hormuz, and the Tehran government continuing to hold American hostages. These provocations and the lack of response from the White House have merely emboldened Iran to increase its aggression. Iran be-lieves it can act against American in-terests with impunity. I urge my colleagues to support the underlying legislation and to stop the lifting of sanctions on Iran that would provide billions of dollars in economic relief. Let’s send a clear message that Iran’s aggression against the United States and its allies will not go unchallenged by Congress. History will judge our ac-tions on this issue as history will judge the President and the administration on their actions on this issue. Let his-tory be the judge. Let’s support H.R. 3662. b1115 Mr. ENGEL. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUS-
SELL), author of this legislation. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this bill. There have been a lot of accusations about what is in this bill and the con-tent. The fact of the matter is, what is being quoted is simply not in the bill. It says that it would deprive the President of the authority to make de-cisions. That is simply not the case. Page 2, line 20; page 5, line 17; page 7, line 7: ‘‘The President may lift’’— spelled out—if he meets the certifi-cation criteria. What is that criteria? That they are no longer conducting ac-tivity and they have justification for that relief. Where this language ‘‘never at any time’’ is being quoted, Mr. Speaker, by my esteemed and caring colleagues on this issue—I know how they feel about this issue personally, and I commend them for it because we are on common ground here—but they are quoting something that is simply not in the bill. When they say ‘‘never at any time,’’ that is simply not there. The President may lift the sanctions. What we are calling for is a certifi-cation as to why. If he comes in and makes the case—look, this bank has corrected its behavior, general Soleimani has had some epiphany and he is no longer a terrorist—then, fine, we can have that certification, and the President does that. Talking about several of them and that there was no bipartisan effort, every single speaker that has said that there was not a bipartisan effort I have personally been in contact with—per-sonally—talking on this particular issue. So that is simply not the case. I am kind of hurt by that because I reached out to all of them, and I didn’t deny any of them a chance for amend-ment, for dialogue, or discussion. I do think that we have much common ground to go on here. I think it is also important that it says that it doesn’t advance goals. It is upholding the law. The law, which is the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions and Divestment Act of 2010, says that if there are people on terror and human rights list, that they shouldn’t come off without certification. We agree. That is why we are saying we have to have the similar certification for those that overlap on the joint agreement. That is why we have identified them. The hundreds of others that were mentioned by the opponents of this measure, Mr. Speaker, they weren’t on those lists. That is why they are not there. They weren’t targeted for this. Only those that are on the terror and human rights or nuclear proliferation with missiles list, if they are there, then that is why they have been tar-geted. This isn’t apparently about the merit of the measure or how we feel about the national security of the United States. It has now become an issue about process. Well, I guess that expe-rience doesn’t matter. It is about proc-ess. We need to do what is right for the country, Mr. Speaker. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time to close. Let me first clear up, I think, what is a misperception. There are roughly 700 Iranian entities on our sanctions list. Of those, only 200 are removed from sanctions and those are those who were involved in the nuclear program. It is not true that the JCPOA removed sanctions on entities that are engaged in terrorism or proliferation or human rights violations. This is black and white in the JCPOA. Entity by entity, we know exactly who will be removed. None of them are involved in terrorism or other malign behavior. We know who will be re-moved. There is a list in the annex. I have it right here, every company that will be removed, and none of them are removed for terrorism or other malign behavior. So I want to make that very, very clear. Let me say that I think everyone on both sides has good intentions, and I think that we don’t disagree about Iran. The question here is not whether Iran is a bad player or a good player. I don’t trust the Iranians. I voted against the deal, and I don’t believe anything the government says. That is not the question here. The question is, how do you combat it in a unified way? We are not inter-ested in embarrassing the President, certainly not on this side of the aisle. We are not interested in playing gotcha with the President either. We want to have a bill that has input from both sides so we can accomplish what both of us say we want to accomplish, and that is to hold Iran’s feet to the fire. I want to make sure that the JCPOA—again, which I did not sup-port, but again it is the law—that Iran is complying with everything it is sup-posed to be doing. And that is where our efforts should be, to make sure that they do that, and then to also make sure that our allies like Israel have the kind of help that they need to maintain their qualitative military edge and to have another memorandum of understanding with the United States that supports Israel. This is what we should be concentrating on, not embarrassing the President or playing gotcha. That doesn’t do any-thing. Mr. R
USSELL , the gentleman from Oklahoma, did come up to me and ask me if I would cosponsor the bill, but that was after it was already drafted, having no input into the bill. So that is not really a way of being collaborative, if you really want to be collaborative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.012 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH354 January 13, 2016 
I appreciate what the gentleman from Oklahoma says. I don’t doubt his sincerity, and he obviously worked very hard on this bill, but many of us have difficulties with it. We don’t have difficulties with the end goal, with what we want to accom-plish. We have difficulties by the way this is done. This seems, again, more to us like embarrassing the President, calling him names, than really putting our heads together in a collaborative way and really doing something that will hold Iran’s feet to the fire. So I believe in the old adage that pol-itics should stop at the water’s edge when we are talking about foreign af-fairs. That is why I love the Foreign Affairs Committee. Our Nation’s security and our inter-ests abroad are too important to let partisan politics get in the way. Nine-ty-nine times out of 100, the Foreign Affairs Committee operates in that spirit, and this bill is an exception to that. I think the lack of input from both sides of the aisle, the lack of time the Foreign Affairs Committee didn’t spend working on it, is reflected in the final product. I am not pointing a fin-ger at anybody. Again, I think Mr. R
USSELL is sincere about this. I think we want the same thing. This bill is deeply flawed. It would force the President to meet an impos-sible standard on an issue where Con-gress had already spoken. That is no way to advance our interests abroad. That is no way to hold Iran account-able. So let’s vote down this bill, go back to the drawing board, and come back with bipartisan legislation that would actually help us achieve our aims. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Again, the question here is not whether Iran can be trusted. They can-not. Iran is a bad player. Three people on this side of the aisle who spoke against this bill voted against the JCPOA. So it is not a matter of just trying to rubberstamp what the admin-istration wants or anything like that. No, we don’t think that this bill goes in the right direction. We don’t want to embarrass the President. We want to work with the President to make sure that Iran’s feet are held to the fire. Again, we had the vote on the Iran deal. I voted no, my friends on that side of the aisle voted no, but we lost. So let’s not repeat what we have done with the Affordable Care Act, 62 times again and again and again playing gotcha with the President. Let’s do something that really works. Let’s put our heads together to make it work. We can take parts of this bill and put it together into a bi-partisan bill. I am not opposed to that. But we have got to do it together. Poli-tics need to stop at the water’s edge. So let’s now work together to ensure that Iran is complying with the JCPOA. That would be a positive step forward. Let’s hold their feet to the fire. Let’s make sure they do what they are supposed to do, because I don’t trust them anymore than anybody on that side of the aisle. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s do what the Foreign Affairs Committee is known for doing for the past 3 years under the leadership of Chairman ROYCE and my-self. We believe that we are the most bipartisan committee in the Congress. We believe that is the way foreign pol-icy should be created, and I know we can do better. Again, I don’t impugn anyone’s motives. Let’s all put our heads together and let’s come up with a bill that we can pass and be proud of. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I appreciate all the Members who have engaged in this debate. As Rank-ing Member E
NGEL noted, this is not usually the place we find ourselves. What we have seen from Iran over the last few months is that the Iranian threat isn’t going away. So we will have to keep working together to ad-dress the Iranian threat, and I look for-ward to that continuing collaboration. As the Iran nuclear agreement gets set for implementation, some 500 spe-cific individuals and companies and several banks are set to get relief for their ties to the nuclear program. This bill simply asks the President to en-sure that those receiving this reprieve are not involved in Iran’s support for terrorism, nor are they involved in the missile development program that Iran continues to push for intercontinental ballistic missiles. Soon, maybe in a matter of days, Iran will get access to over $100 billion in frozen oil assets, and this is not going to go to the Iranians on the street. This is not going to go to small business in Iran, to those that despise their government. It is going to go to the regime. It is going to go to the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps. The reason it would work that way is because that is the entity that nation-alized these businesses years ago, after 1979. They are the ones that right now control approximately a quarter of the entire economy, including the major businesses, such as, for example, en-ergy or construction. If we look at what the U.S. Depart-ment of Treasury says about this, they labeled the IRGC as the ‘‘most power-ful economic actor’’ in the country. So this entity has deep reach into those critical sectors of the economic infra-structure, as the Treasury Department tells us. The IRGC’s largest business is its construction arm, which controls 800 affiliated companies and billions of dollars in assets. These activities, in turn—and here is the problem, here is the nexus of the problem—fund Iran’s ballistic missile program. What we had hoped for was, of course, to temper the appetite of the regime to move forward with that ICBM program. Instead what we see is a huge step-up several weeks ago as the President of Iran announced this huge step-up. Now we see these ICBMs that are being launched and tested. We also see the military activities, the regional ag-gression, the call for the overthrow of the governments in Yemen, which they actually carried out in Bahrain, and in Saudi Arabia. This is a huge problem because the IRGC are doing this. Now, during our hearings, Members expressed concerns that there would be no pushback from the administration when it comes to Iran’s aggressive be-havior. This has, unfortunately, proven correct. The response to two ballistic missile tests? The administration proposed a few modest sanctions. We were all noti-fied about that. What happened? As soon as Iran pushed back, what hap-pened? The administration pulled them back. The Iranian President, Hassan Rouhani, ordered his Defense Ministry to accelerate its missile program just weeks after the Obama administration joined with his diplomatic partners to sweep Iran’s past illicit nuclear weap-ons activities under the rug. Again, countries pursue ICBMs for one reason: to deliver a nuclear warhead. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against H.R. 3662—the most recent attempt to undermine the Iran nuclear agree-ment. This legislation would explicitly prevent the United States from implementing its obli-gations under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). We are all concerned about the prospects of a nuclear-armed Iran, given its history and nebulous relationship with the United States. This is why I have consistently supported a diplomatic solution with other world powers, as sanctions do not work when applied by the U.S. alone. The JCPOA is our best path for-ward to enforce a non-nuclear future for Iran, particularly as we have countries, including China and Russia, join with us. We’re going to need to be diligent. Iran does have a number of internal conflicts and bad actors. The clerics and some members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard are destruc-tive components within a country whose peo-ple have long suffered from the effects of sanctions. There is no indication that destroy-ing this agreement would put us in a better position to prevent Iran from revitalizing its nu-clear program. If the agreement falls apart, we can always sanction later. In the meantime, we ought to continue to give diplomacy a chance. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 583, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.028 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H355 January 13, 2016 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and a result was announced. The vote was subsequently vacated by order of the House, and pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and by order of the House, further proceedings on the question of passage of the bill were postponed to January 26, 2016. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, during roll-call vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 44, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 44. We are at war. My top priority is to keep our families safe. We must hold Iran accountable for financing terrorism. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13th, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on January 13, 2016, I regret that I was otherwise de-tained and unable to cast a vote on rollcall vote No. 44, on passage of H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained in a con-stituent meeting. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was meeting with constituents and was detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, during roll-call vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing rollcall vote No. 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 44, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and was not present for one rollcall vote on Wednesday, January 13, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: Rollcall Vote Number 44—H.R. 3662—‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote number 44 on January 13, 2016, I was unavoidably detained due to traffic delay. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 253, nays 166, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 45] YEAS—253 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.030 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH356 January 13, 2016 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—166 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean McCollum McDermott McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ashford Bishop (GA) Conyers Dingell Kennedy Knight Lieu, Ted Matsui McGovern Neal Palazzo Richmond Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1155 Mr. VEASEY changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 45, on S.J. Res. 22, I missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, January 13th, I had to return to the district to attend to urgent constituent business related to the Aliso Canyon gas leak. Had I been present for the day’s vote series, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 44, the passage of S.J. Res. 22, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act; and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 45, the passage of H.R. 3662 or the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act. 
f 
b1200 ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES REGARDING AMEND-MENTS TO H.R. 3442, DEBT MAN-AGEMENT AND FISCAL RESPON-SIBILITY ACT OF 2015 (Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, today the Rules Committee issued an an-nouncement outlining the amendment process for H.R. 3442, the Debt Manage-ment and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2015. An amendment deadline has been set for Thursday, January 21, 2016, at 12:00 p.m. That is also known as noon. Amendments should be drafted to the text of the bill as reported by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, which is posted on the Rules Committee Web site. Please feel free to contact me or a member of the Rules Committee if we may be of assistance to any Member in their preparations. 
f 
VACATING VOTE ON H.R. 3662, IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANS-PARENCY ACT Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings by which the bill (H.R. 3662) to enhance congressional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain terrorism financiers, and for other purposes, was passed and the mo-tion to reconsider was laid on the table be vacated and that further pro-ceedings on the question of passage of H.R. 3662 may be postponed through the legislative day of January 26, 2016, as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reserving the right to object—and I do not intend to object—I want to thank the major-ity leader. I personally, as a former majority leader, appreciate the policy enunciated by the Speaker in turn to accommodate Members’ schedules so that we vote on time. But this was an extraordinarily important vote. Large numbers of Members of both sides missed it, and I very much appreciate the majority leader’s action and the Speaker’s agreement to it to accommo-date our Members so that, on this im-portant bill, they will be able to vote on the 26th. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reserva-tion of objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation of objection is withdrawn. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pro-ceedings whereby the motion to recon-sider was laid on the table and by which the House passed H.R. 3662 are vacated, and further proceedings on the questions of passage of H.R. 3662 are postponed pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM WEDNES-DAY, JANUARY 13, 2016, TO FRI-DAY, JANUARY 15, 2016 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, January 15, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ZIPPY DUVALL, FARM BUREAU FEDERATION’S NEW PRESIDENT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, today I join my colleagues in the Georgia dele-gation, Representative A
USTIN SCOTT and Representative B
UDDY CARTER , to recognize Zippy Duvall, the American Farm Bureau Federation’s new presi-dent. As a third-generation dairy farmer, who better than Zippy would know what our farmers and agriculture sec-tor need to succeed? Zippy and his wife, Bonnie, maintain a 300-head beef cow herd, produce qual-ity hay, and have developed a very suc-cessful poultry production company, growing out over 75,000 broilers per year. Zippy formerly served as president of the Georgia Farm Bureau, and will re-place president Bob Stall, the national president, who is retiring after 16 years. Zippy has a passion for agriculture like no other. It is in his blood. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.019 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H357 January 13, 2016 
Agriculture is Georgia’s number one industry, and we are proud that a great Georgian has filled this national and important role. As members of the House Committee on Agriculture, we look forward to working with Zippy, and wish him all the best as he begins this new journey in his life. Congratulations to Zippy and Bonnie Duvall. I know the American Farm Bu-reau Federation will be served well with Zippy as president. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the female pilots who served during World War II, known as the Women Airforce Service Pilots, or the WASPs. These brave and hardworking female pilots signed up, of their own volition, were trained in over 12,000 aircraft, and stepped up to the plate to fill the shortfall of male pilots. Despite the fact that the WASPs were merely considered civilians, they served their country, delivering planes overseas in dangerous conditions and helping to train the male pilots for combat. Thirty-eight of these WASPs died while serving their country, and their patriotic sense of duty is truly inspira-tional. Unfortunately, these courageous women have been unjustly denied the honor of burial at the Arlington Na-tional Cemetery. Why? Because they were civilians. As a cosponsor of H.R. 4336, I strong-ly urge the Secretary of the Army to change its policy and allow these fe-male pilots to be honored at Arlington National Cemetery. It is the moral im-perative of our country to honor them. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NASA FLIGHT DIRECTOR MARY LAWRENCE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Mary Lawrence, a native of Penn-sylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, who was named late last year as one of the five new flight directors to manage the operations of the International Space Station from NASA’s Mission Control Center in Houston. Mary grew up in Wattsburg, Erie County, earned a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Penn-sylvania State University’s Behrend campus in 2001. Following graduation, she worked for the U.S. Space Alliance, a NASA contractor, before joining NASA in 2007. As a flight director, Mary will lead teams of flight controllers, research and engineering experts, along with support personnel, in ensuring the crew of the International Space Station have the tools that they need to con-duct their important scientific re-search. Mr. Speaker, Mary is hoping to be certified as a flight director in a few months, and will then be one of only 27 active flight directors for NASA. Again, I congratulate Mary, her hus-band, Andrew, and their entire family on this commendable accomplishment. I wish her the best of luck as her career with NASA continues. f 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ENFORCEMENT ACT (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the wake of North Korea’s alleged hydrogen bomb test last week, the House of Representatives yesterday passed the North Korea Sanctions En-forcement Act and sent a strong signal that the United States will not tol-erate such hostile behavior. Yesterday’s legislation strengthens and expands our existing sanctions against North Korea, increases our in-vestigations into nefarious activities that support North Korea’s weapons programs and human rights abuses, and holds bad actors accountable when they engage with North Korea to laun-der money, traffic narcotics, or carry out cybersecurity attacks. I am glad that the final bill includes a measure I proposed stressing the strategic importance of U.S. trilateral cooperation and military intelligence- sharing with Japan and South Korea. The United States will uphold its com-mitment to Japan and South Korea, protect their security in the face of the North Korean threat, and work to pre-serve stability in the Asia-Pacific re-gion. 
f 
b1215 THE WORLD IS NOT SAFE TODAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in his State of the Union message, Presi-dent Obama claimed that America’s standing as a world power is greater than when he first took office. Let’s see, Mr. Speaker. Iran just took 10 of our sailors hostage for 24 hours. Iran props up a dictator in Syria who has killed millions of his own citizens. Iran is the world’s number one sponsor of terrorism. Iran is currently devel-oping ICBMs and eventually will have nuclear weapons. Russia invaded Ukraine, a country hungry for freedom. The Ukrainians looked to the United States for leader-ship, and the United States watched and basically did nothing. The Rus-sians are still in Ukraine. North Korea has nuclear weapons and ICBMs that can now reach the United States. ISIS and other terrorist groups control more territory and have more money than ever before in history. Last year was one of the deadliest years of terrorist violence on record. The fact is the world is not safer today. It is not a more stable place than it was 8 years ago. The world is full of dangerous, rogue nations seek-ing to do harm. Our friends don’t trust us, and our enemies scoff at us. The administration’s foreign policy is based on wobbly knees, not strength. And that is just the way it is. f 
RECOGNIZING COMBINED INSUR-ANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA IN GLENVIEW, ILLINOIS (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Combined Insurance Com-pany of America in Glenview, Illinois, for receiving an estimable award. GI Jobs magazine announced its Top 100 Military Friendly Employers for 2016, and for the second consecutive year, Combined Insurance was number one. This is a prestigious honor, as Com-bined was ranked above 5,000 other or-ganizations in the United States that were considered, and it marks the fifth straight year that they made the Top 100 organizations. Since 2010, Combined Insurance has hired over 2,500 veterans or those with a military background. Their presi-dent, Brad Bennett, has committed to hiring an additional 2,800 more by the end of 2017. Brad and his leadership team know that servicemembers at any rank offer employers skills such as discipline, independent work ethic, and commit-ment. They actively recruit from all levels of the military, offering opportu-nities for former officers and those from the enlisted ranks as well. In addition to providing meaningful employment to our veterans, Combined also gives back to several veteran char-ities in both time and resources. I hope more organizations will emu-late Combined Insurance in their un-wavering efforts to support our Na-tion’s veterans. 
f 
RIGHT TO LIFE (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, the Dec-laration of Independence records for posterity the fact that we have been given by our Creator certain unalienable rights. Among these, of course, are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.033 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH358 January 13, 2016 
These rights extend to all persons, even those who are physically with us, but yet unborn. Indeed, life inside a mother versus outside of her is ulti-mately a matter of geography. The rights of the unborn must be pro-tected, and I believe we can never speak too strongly for those who can-not speak for themselves. Protecting life must be our top priority. This debate is more than a simple disagreement about making choices. It is a debate about fundamental, God- given rights, the first of which, of course, is the right to life. Mr. Speaker, I believe that this House, the people’s House, has no high-er duty than to protect human life, no matter how big or how small it is or where it may be located. As we approach the 43rd anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I pray for all the fami-lies in our Nation who have chosen life and for all the life that we have lost. 
f 
IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT (Mr. HOLDING asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, it seems we can’t go more than a few days with-out the regime in Tehran once again making the headlines. From violating U.N. Security Council resolutions to firing rockets dan-gerously close to one of our aircraft carriers, to detaining our sailors, Iran shows no interest in actually wanting to be part of the international commu-nity What is worse, Mr. Speaker, is that this administration seems all too will-ing to look the other way, with new sanctions being announced all for the sake of preserving a flawed nuclear agreement. Later this month the House will con-sider again the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act, legislation that, in light of Iran’s recent actions, is abso-lutely necessary. Mr. Speaker, now is the time for strong American leadership, leadership that stands up to rogue regimes bent on the destruction of America and our allies. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. J.S. STONE OF HOUSTON, TEXAS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with sadness in my heart that I rise to acknowledge the death of a great leader in our community, Dr. J.S. Stone, a graduate of Talladega College and a graduate of Meharry Medical School, who leaves his beloved wife, Gertrude, a dear friend, and three chil-dren. This was a great leader and a great medical professional, committed to service in our community, serving on many, many boards and sharing his great brilliance with all of us. He had a residency at Texas MD An-derson and hospitals in Philadelphia and became one of the first African Americans to participate in the Harris County Medical Society and to prac-tice in hospitals that, for the first time, saw an African American doctor, such as St. Joseph, a community hos-pital that has remained historic in our community. Again, I want to pay tribute to him for his service in the United States military as captain. This is the kind of African American leader and a kind of American leader that stood tall, being born in 1930 in the face of segregation, but he never let the ills of the world overcome him. He became a servant of the people—not elected—but he became a servant in medicine and serving them. I honor him today and express my deepest sympathy to his family, his wife, his children, and to the entire community in Houston, for we have lost a fallen hero. He is a hero. I say well done, good and faithful servant. May you rest in peace, Dr. J.S. Stone. f 
PROTECTING FAMILIES FROM CARBON MONOXIDE POISONING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, every year carbon monoxide kills over 400 people and sends an additional 20,000 people to the emergency room. Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless gas, and poisoning from it most often oc-curs in households with a malfunc-tioning heat source. Because of its nature, it can be ex-tremely difficult to detect a carbon monoxide leak. Carbon monoxide de-tectors, however, are extremely effec-tive in alerting families to a leak and have already saved lives. I am introducing bipartisan legisla-tion with Congresswoman A
NNKUSTER  to allow States to apply for grants to purchase and install carbon monoxide detectors in schools, in low-income homes, and, also, senior residences at no cost to the taxpayer. The grants will also help and train local and State fire officials on the dangers of carbon monoxide and the best methods of prevention because, Mr. Speaker, it is important to educate the public on the risks of carbon mon-oxide poisoning and what people should do to protect themselves. This is one more way to do so. 
f 
OUR SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. CULBERSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration has just issued a series of executive actions attempting to limit our Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. As the new chairman of the Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Sub-committee, I have been entrusted with the responsibility handed down to us by our Founding Fathers of the power of the purse. The Department of Justice and the Department of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms and Explosives have already been put on notice that, if they attempt to interfere with our Second Amendment rights, I have the authority, as chair-man, to block their ability to move money within the agency, to block their ability, for example, when they submit a spending plan. That is a very powerful tool of persuasion, not always guaranteed. The Founding Fathers entrusted the power of the purse to the Congress as a way to give a check and balance to an out-of-control executive. I don’t need a bill. I don’t need an amendment. And I don’t need any new authority. The Congress has it. I will execute that authority en-trusted to me to protect our Second Amendment rights and to make sure that Americans always have the right to keep and bear arms in defense of our freedom. If the Obama administration wants access to our hard-earned tax dollars, they are going to have to assure me and the American people that they will not interfere with our constitutional rights. f 
HONORING KOREAN AMERICAN DAY (Mrs. COMSTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on January 13, 1903, 102 Korean immi-grants first arrived in the United States. Today we celebrate Korean American Day and the contributions of our Korean American community. Ear-lier this week, we had a celebration right here on Capitol Hill, with many of my colleagues joining our local and national community. When I previously served as the State delegate and now, as a Member of Con-gress, I have been privileged to work with our Korean American community in northern Virginia and throughout the 10th District through organizations such as the Korean American Associa-tion of the Washington Metropolitan Area; the Korean Medical Society; the Korean Women’s Chamber of Com-merce, which has worked with us tire-lessly on battling the human traf-ficking issue. These are a few of the many organizations that serve in our area. I have also been privileged to visit with the Korean faith community and attended many cultural festivals, such as the annual KORUS Festival, which I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.035 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H359 January 13, 2016 
was honored to chair just last year, and Korean Independence Day, which we celebrate annually in August with our local community—and I know we cele-brate it throughout our country—so that we can all unite in our passion for freedom and for the ‘‘One Korea’’ cause, something we are all united on. Near my home in the 10th District is Meadowlark Botanical Gardens, which is home to the Korean Bell Garden, a gift to the community and to our park system from the Korean American Cul-tural Committee, which serves our whole community as a beautiful sym-bol of goodwill towards all. I am proud to be a member of the Korea Caucus, and I appreciate that goodwill and the goodwill that is found throughout our Korean American com-munity. I join with them today in cele-brating this anniversary. 
f 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, having been the location for the State of the Union Address last night, we agree that we care deeply about this country, but there were some things that were said here from this lectern right here, where national and international lead-ers speak when they are invited to speak here in the House, that I felt needed some deliberation. It is noteworthy. My late mother, English teacher that she was—if I had given this speech, the first thing she would have harassed me about was that you start the first five paragraphs—and this is the content: I have come, I know, I also, I hope, I will keep, I don’t, I want, I want. My mother would have made big red circles around there and said: Elimi-nate the first person. It tells people that you care more about yourself. Get rid of that. Quit having so much first person. Of course, she would have done the same thing toward the end of the speech when we have: I hold, I know, I intend, I can’t, I am asking, I see, I will be, I can, I travel, I see, I see, I know, I see, I see, I see, I see, I see, I see, I know, I believe, I stand. No doubt my late mother would have taken a red pen and said: Son, if you want to give a great speech, quit talk-ing about the first person ‘‘I’’ all the time. You have got to eliminate it if you want to give a great speech. So, Mr. Speaker, since we care deeply about each other in this country, those who are in elected positions, I thought maybe, since the door is not always open to me at the White House—I know that going back to the ObamaCare days when the President said: If you have got better ideas, my door is always open. I know my office kept trying to get me into that open door. I am sure the President was telling the truth. I am sure his door was open. But there were so many Secret Service agents and staff members between me and that open door, I was not allowed to come present my better ideas on health care. b1230 I still have them. Hopefully, we will get a chance to work those in. Some of the things, PAULRYANand I have been on the same page for years; some of them are a little different. T
OMPRICE has had some great proposals, M
IKE B
URGESS . We have a lot of doctors here that have had some great ideas on how to fix it. From that experience, I know that the door is not always open, so this is the format in which I have to point these things out. When the President said, ‘‘second, how do we make technology work for us and not against us,’’ what imme-diately comes to mind is what many Republicans have been concerned about and some of my Democrat friends have been very concerned about. Don’t seem quite as concerned under a Democratic President as they were under President Bush, but, nonetheless, still concerned that the President asked, perhaps rhe-torically, how do we make technology work for us. Mr. Speaker, I would humbly submit that the President has got technology working for the administration pretty well. You have got NSA that has been amazing in their ability to use algo-rithms and sort through emails. You have got the Federal Government, as we found after the Snowden revela-tions, after we had been told by both Bush and Obama administration offi-cials that we are not checking people’s phone calls, we are not getting that in-formation. It turned out that, in the FISA court, both administrations had been seeking and getting blanket orders not con-sistent with the Constitution, which requires specificity. You have to spe-cifically name what it is being searched for and specifically the reason you have for searching it. There is no specificity. They just said: We want every list of everybody’s phone call in your phone company. The judge said: Oh, sure, that is specific enough—every single phone call without any reason, just need the information. So you have got emails, you have got phone calls. Then, of course, under ObamaCare, the Federal Government is going to get to have everybody’s medical records. It sounds like crony capitalism involved in having a deal with a private entity to gather everybody’s medical records. So you will have the Federal Govern-ment and a private company gathering everybody’s medical records. Then we have the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau that, under the guise of trying to protect people from unscrupulous banks, you have the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau say: We want every debit and credit card record of everybody. That way we can watch for unscrupulous banking practices and banks. Well, that is not the way the Con-stitution requires things be done. As a judge, if you wanted somebody’s bank records, you had to come to a judge like me in a felony case and you had to have probable cause established under oath that there is probable cause to be-lieve a crime was committed, this per-son committed it, and only then would I sign an order allowing them to get someone’s bank records. Not under the CFPB. Under the guise of helping peo-ple, they are gathering people’s bank records, whether they want them to have them or not. That needs to stop. The President said: ‘‘We have done all this while cutting our deficits by al-most three-quarters.’’ The trouble is I remember back in 2006 when Democrats were rightfully and righteously point-ing out that with a Republican Presi-dent, President George W. Bush, and Republicans in control of the House and Senate, they felt it was outrageous that we were going to have a $160 bil-lion deficit, that we would bring in $160 billion less than we would spend. They were right. We should have had a balanced budget then. We were trying to get there. We were pushing for cuts trying to get there. But they convinced the American public Republicans can’t be trusted; they have got you a $160 bil-lion deficit. You put us in charge, and we will cut that to get a balanced budget. Then we got a Democratic President, a Democratic House, and a Democratic Senate, and what happened? The budg-et that they gave us created about a $1.6 trillion deficit. So much for the $160 billion that we were lambasted for allowing. They 10-times that right up to $1.6 trillion or so. People need to understand, when the President says we have cut the deficit by almost three-quarters, when you still haven’t gotten back to that $160 billion deficit that we were lambasted for back in 2006, you still have not done an adequate job. We wish that the President and Democrats in the Senate would work better with us so that we can get back more to the kind of budg-et the Democrats promised Americans back in the fall of 2006. Then the President said: ‘‘More and more wealth and income is con-centrated at the very top.’’ I want to applaud the President, Mr. Speaker, for stating the truth. Under his watch, more and more wealth and income has been concentrated at the top. The President has actually admitted on the record a couple years or so ago that it is true that for the first time in Amer-ican history—it has never happened be-fore under any other President—the first time in American history, under President Obama’s watch, 95 percent of all income in America has been re-ported went to the top 1 percent of in-come earners in America. Ninety-five percent of the country’s income went to the top 1 percent. It never happened before, not under a Republican, not under a Democrat, not under anybody. That has never happened before. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.037 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH360 January 13, 2016 
In fact, we feel the middle class shrinking, and it is not in a good way where they are moving up to the rich. They are moving down to the poor, and the poor are getting poorer. It is not because a free market system doesn’t work. It is because the government, under this President, blew past the 73- or 74,000-page-per-year record that President Bush finally reached and now is pushing toward 80,000 new pages of regulations every year that business has to live under. The only chance you have is to be a big investment bank that got us into trouble, that nearly brought down the country, because the regulations of this administration and the push that this administration has had against community banks that did not get us in trouble is about to bring them under. We are losing them constantly, and the big banks are getting bigger and more powerful instead of getting lower to a point where they would not bring down the country as they nearly did previously. The President says: ‘‘The bipartisan reform of No Child Left Behind was an important start.’’ My understanding was he was promising that he would get rid of that. I thought when he got elected, okay, look for the silver lin-ing. He is going to get rid of No Child Left Behind. Hallelujah, that is a good thing. Let’s get the control back to the States and the people as the 10th Amendment requires, because edu-cation is not an enumerated power. It is reserved to the States and people. Before the Federal Government got involved, I know in Texas—I have seen the stats—it was nearly 75 percent of all education employees were teachers in Texas. Makes sense. Then that year President Carter started the Depart-ment of Education. Now everybody has got to have a massive number of bu-reaucrats at the State level and at the local level. You have got to have people at the local school district providing all the data that is being demanded at the State capitol because it is being de-manded here in Washington. So we are now about 50 percent of our employees in Texas—about—are teachers. Why 70 to 75 percent down to 50? Because we have a Federal Department of Edu-cation. The emphasis is on being bu-reaucrats, not on education, and we need to get back to that. I sure wish that had been a promise the President had kept. There are numerous promises and statements made. I am just high-lighting some here, Mr. Speaker. But when the President says, ‘‘Nearly 18 million people have gained coverage so far,’’ I am not sure where that number is coming from. It may come from the same source that the President used to say: ‘‘Surveys show our standing around the world is higher than when I was elected to this office.’’ In both cases, I haven’t been able to find any basis whatsoever for either of those statements and would welcome hard, factual evidence, not something they create and make up—it is easy to make things up—but an actual survey. Because I have seen surveys that show that, even though this President was raised as a child in a Muslim country back in Indonesia—he thought that that would get him more respect in Muslim countries—the surveys I have seen show he has less respect in Mus-lim countries than President Bush did, and that was bad enough. But at least the countries had more respect for President George W. Bush. They knew he was serious and meant business. Unfortunately, Muslim countries ac-tually believe that they could take— say, just hypothetically, Mr. Speaker— they could take 10 of the U.S. Navy sailors, just take them into custody, and this administration would do noth-ing, nothing to retaliate or respond. As President Reagan made clear and his-tory showed, you get peace through strength. If you don’t get peace through strength, then the only way you get peace is total subjugation to a tyrant. The President said: ‘‘America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance, a hand up.’’ Yet this is the very President that, with executive or-ders, changed—this administration at least—and violated the existing welfare reform laws because it was a require-ment. If you could work, you had to work. I was thrilled to see a graph that a professor at Harvard had at a seminar up there at Harvard back in 2005. He showed that for 30 years of the welfare system, ’65 or ’66 to ’95 or ’96, that sin-gle moms’ income, when adjusted for inflation, was just flat-lined. Single moms’ income was flat-lined. No in-crease over 30 years and spending tril-lions of dollars, they were no better off. Yet, after the welfare reform, after the Republican revolution under Speaker Newt Gingrich, welfare reform required working, if people could. They had a graph that showed that, for the first time since we started having wel-fare, from ’96 through 2005 or through 2004, single moms’ income had a sharp increase over that period and was still headed up. I am not sure if it was still headed up when this President took that require-ment away, which no doubt put them back on a flat line again, making them worse off. I am sure it is not inten-tional that he would make single moms worse off; but when you have the data to show what happens, it is very unfor-tunate he put single moms back on a path to low income that never in-creases after adjusted for inflation. The President said: ‘‘I think there are outdated regulations that need to be changed and there is red tape that needs to be cut. But, after years now of record corporate profits’’—that is a problem. Outdated regulations—I am asking rhetorically, Mr. Speaker. Is that the reason that he has set records with nearly 80,000 pages of new regulations where you have got the founders of some of the biggest businesses in the country saying: With all these regula-tions pouring out of Washington every year, I could never found the company that I have today. I could never get started today because of these massive, bloated regulations? b1245 Here again, he takes a shot at big banks or Big Oil. It is interesting, Mr. Speaker, if you look back at the President’s proposal on his American Jobs Act—my Amer-ican Jobs Act that I filed before his was a lot better, it would have stimu-lated the economy better—he said he was going to punish Big Oil. But if you look at the deductions he was eliminating, they were basically deductions that only the smaller, inde-pendent oil producers could take, which kept them in business, and that Exxon—the big companies—didn’t even take the deductions. They were not eli-gible to take those that the President was going to eliminate. Therefore, it was going to put out of business the independent oil and gas producers, which would be a boon to the Big Oil that the President said he didn’t like. He has talked about and railed against the big banks and the fat cats on Wall Street, but it is as if there is a wink and a nod there: I am going to call you names, but I am going to let you make more money than you have ever made in your lives while the rest of those in the country make less money than they have ever made—be-cause, under this President’s policies and regulations, that is what happened. He says that immigrants aren’t the reason that wages haven’t gone up enough. I hope that we will have a chance to show him the accurate data that show, yes, that is the biggest rea-son that wages haven’t gone up. For all of the jobs that have been created, it looks like the number indicates it is the same number of immigrants that have taken jobs during that time. The President said that he plans to lift up the many businesses. Mr. Speak-er, that is the problem. This President thinks he is the one who lifts busi-nesses or puts them down. It is true that he can destroy businesses, as he has done, but the fact that anyone thinks the government is the one that lifts businesses is at the heart of the problem with this administration, one of many. The President says that, over the past 7 years, we have nurtured that spirit. He is talking about discoveries in DNA. Yet, with the 70,000 to 80,000 pages of new regulations every year, there is not much spirit there to nur-ture. He said that we have protected an open Internet, but he failed to mention that the government took over the Internet. The FCC had said that they were not going to take it over. Then he gave a speech, saying that we were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.038 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H361 January 13, 2016 
going to take it over. The next thing you know, they have taken it over. He says that he is putting J
OEin charge of mission control. He is talking about curing cancer. I love the idea that we are going to cure cancer. That would be fantastic. A lot of loved ones I have lost have died of cancer. Then I heard he was going to put J
OE in charge. Then I remembered, Mr. Speaker, wasn’t it he that was going to stamp out all waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Government, so he was going to put J
OEin charge, and we knew it could happen? It seems like he says he is going to put J
OEin charge when he may not really be serious about doing anything or having any re-sults. So we will see. In any event, there are a lot of prob-lems that he failed to address and the fact that he was being mocked by Iran as he was speaking about the higher re-spect that other countries have. Go back to President Reagan. The radical Islamists had so much more respect for President Reagan. They didn’t like him, but they had respect and fear. Proverbs said: ‘‘Fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.’’ There is a component of fear within respect. They had no fear of Carter, but they had so much fear and respect for Reagan that they released our hostages the day he was sworn in. I am hoping and praying that we get a leader elected who takes office a year from now who has that kind of respect. He says that, when it comes to every important international issue, people of the world do not look to Beijing or to Moscow to lead—they call us. I wish the President got more brief-ings or was able to attend more or got better information if he is not getting this, but we have had a real problem under his Presidency. People have been shocked, including some here in this body—I was not really shocked—when Egypt and some of our Muslim ally na-tions have done airstrikes. The big news was they didn’t consult Washington, and people in the adminis-tration were upset: Why didn’t they check with us? I have met with those people. They said: We can’t tell this ad-ministration, because they will leak it to our enemies. We can’t trust them. For heaven’s sake, this administra-tion has declassified information on nuclear weapons, trying to embarrass and harass Israel. They have taken steps to try to prevent Israel from de-fending themselves. Is it any wonder that Egyptian Presi-dent el-Sisi—whom I have tremendous respect for—and other leaders, includ-ing Iran and other leaders in the Mid-dle East, when they have got a prob-lem, they don’t talk to Washington ex-cept for the largest supporter of ter-rorism, Iran? Iran knows they can push President Obama around and his administration, John Kerry. They can push them around, and they do. They can take our sailors and not have any consequences. But when they have got a real problem, they go to Moscow, because they know Putin is a man who means business. I don’t think he can be trusted. I think he is one of those with whom anything should be verified and that he should be carefully watched. Some people in this administration think Putin is an anathema and a mys-tery. They can’t figure him out. He is one of the most transparent leaders in the world today. Those of us who know Russian history know you can read him like a book. You can anticipate what he is going to do. He is very trans-parent. The President says that, as we focus on destroying ISIL, we don’t have a plan. We don’t have strategic orders for our military to take out ISIL, but, somehow, he is focused on them. In having been all over north Iraq myself and in having met with Iraqi leaders, especially Kurdish leaders—because they are the military leaders we can trust—I know what they say. In having just heard another report in September again, we have U.S. mili-tary planes flying. They see trucks that are loaded with weapons and sup-plies for ISIL. We know they are going to ISIL as those are about the only people using some of these roads, with the big trucks. One of our A–10 pilots said his rules of engagement allowed him to neither crater the road and stop the supplies to ISIL and stop the weapons going to ISIL, nor did he have the authority to take out one of the trucks unless one of the trucks fired at him, and only then could they fire at that truck only. ISIL knows that, so they don’t fire at A–10s or at any of our helicopters or aircraft. That is why most of the planes that go out with ordnance come back with most of their ordnance. It is because of this President’s rules of en-gagement. How else can you explain that, after 7
1⁄4years under Commander in Chief and President George W. Bush, we lost right around 500 precious American military lives in Afghanistan; and then, basically, when we were told the war was over, for 7 years now under Commander in Chief Obama, we have lost three to four times that many peo-ple and the peace? When I talk to people privately—you won’t get this in a public meeting but in private meetings with our military— they indicate that it is our rules of en-gagement: We have to be worried that, if we defend ourselves and live, we will go to Leavenworth for 20 years; so a lot of us would rather die as somewhat of a hero than go home and go to Leaven-worth for defending ourselves. So we have lost three to four times as many under President Obama—in 3 months less time when the war was supposedly over—than we lost during the actual war in Afghanistan. The President says that our foreign policy must be focused on the threat from ISIL and al Qaeda. I agree it must be, but, unfortunately, it isn’t at this time. I will just finish with this, Mr. Speaker. He points out that we also can’t try to take over and rebuild every country that falls into crisis. That is not leadership. That is a recipe for a quagmire, spilling American blood and treasure. Ultimately, it weakens us. It is the lesson of Vietnam and of Iraq that we should have learned by now. Mr. Speaker, SAMJOHNSON —after 7 years in the Hanoi Hilton as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam—was beaten and tortured. If you remember the sce-nario, Nixon had promised in 1972 to get us out of Vietnam. He calls for the Paris peace negotiations. They start. North Vietnam makes this show about storming out. So Nixon ordered the carpet bombing of Hanoi and North Vietnam for 2 weeks. After 2 weeks of bombing, North Vietnam rushed back to the negotiating table and said: Let’s get this done. And there was a peace deal. As S
AMJOHNSON and others were being taken to the bus to be taken to the military plane to leave North Viet-nam, he said one of the meanest offi-cers or higher officials there at the prison was laughing and said: You stu-pid Americans, if you had just bombed us for 1 more week, we would have had to surrender unconditionally. Mr. Speaker, the lesson of Vietnam is this: If you are going to send American military men and women into harm’s way, give them everything they need to win. Let them win, and then bring them home. That is the lesson of Vietnam that this administration and many others have not learned. That is why, instead of 500 military heroes losing their lives in 7 years in Afghanistan, we have had three to four times that many lose their lives under President Obama. It is because this lesson of Vietnam has not been learned. Give our military what they need to win, and give them rules of engagement and orders to win, and then bring them home. I hope and pray somebody gets that message in this administration so that we have no more needless loss of life in foreign countries by the heroic, patri-otic men and women of our military. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1300 PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent res-olution and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the concurrent reso-lution, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 107 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That when the House ad-journs on any legislative day from Wednes-day, January 13, 2016, through Tuesday, Jan-uary 19, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA7.040 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH362 January 13, 2016 
until 2 p.m. on Monday, January 25, 2016, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM WEDNES-DAY, JANUARY 13, 2016, TO FRI-DAY, JANUARY 15, 2016 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion of-fered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, January 15, 2016, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 107, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. K
NIGHT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of ur-gent constituent business in the dis-trict related to the Aliso Canyon gas leak. Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Friday, January 15, 2016, at 1 p.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmit-ting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 107, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4030. A letter from the Co-Chairs, National Commission on Hunger, transmitting the Commission’s report entitled ‘‘Freedom from Hunger: An Achievable Goal for the United States of America’’ for 2015, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 113-76, div. A, title VII, Sec. 743(a)(3); (128 Stat. 40); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 4031. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, Forest Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s notice of final directive — Ski Area Water Clause (RIN: 0596-AD14) received January 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4032. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting draft of proposed legislation entitled the ‘‘Military Justice Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4033. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Amendments to the Capital Plan and Stress Test Rules [Regulations Y and YY; Docket No.: R-1517] (RIN: 7100-AE33) received December 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4034. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules: Regulatory Capital, Final Rule Demonstrating Applica-tion of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Eligi-bility Criteria and Excluding Certain Hold-ing Companies from Regulation Q [Docket No.: R-1506] (RIN: 7100-AE27) received Janu-ary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4035. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s Report to Congress on Preservation and Promotion of Minority De-pository Institutions for 2014, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1463 note; Public Law 101-73, Sec. 367 (as amended by Public Law 111-203, Sec. 367(4)(B)); (124 Stat. 1556); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4036. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Report to Congress on the Social and Economic Conditions of Native Americans: Fiscal Years 2009 — 2012, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2992-1; Public Law 88-452, Sec. 811A (as added by Public Law 102-375, Sec. 822(12)); (106 Stat. 1299); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 4037. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Report to Congress on the Prevention and Reduction of Underage Drinking for De-cember 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 290bb- 25b(c)(1)(F); Public Law 109-422, Sec. 2; (120 Stat. 2892); ; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4038. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 2014 Report to Congress on the Com-prehensive Community Mental Health Serv-ices for Children with Serious Emotional Disturbances, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 290ff(c)(2); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title V, Sec. 565 (as amended by Public Law 106-310, Sec. 3105(c)) (114 Stat. 1175); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4039. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report entitled, ‘‘Report on the Multiagency Collaboration on Unconven-tional Oil and Gas Research’’, for December 2015, in response to the Explanatory State-ment on H.R. 83, Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4040. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fan Light Kits [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT- STD-0045] (RIN: 1904-AC87) received January 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4041. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Biennial Report to Congress entitled, ‘‘2013 Scientific and Clinical Status of Organ Transplantation’’, pursuant to Sec. 376 of the Public Health Service Act, as codified at 42 U.S.C. Sec. 274d; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4042. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Indirect Food Additives: Paper and Paper-board Components [Docket No.: FDA-2015-F- 0714] received January 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4043. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Report to Congress on the Poison Help Campaign for Fiscal Year 2014, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 300d-72; ; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4044. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s annual report enti-tled, ‘‘Assessment of Demand Response and Advanced Metering’’, for December 2015, pur-suant to Sec. 1252 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4045. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Cote d’Ivoire that was declared in Executive Order 13396 of Feb-ruary 7, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4046. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Certification Related to Con-dition 7(C)(i) of Senate Executive Resolution 75 (1997) Concerning Advice and Consent to the Ratification of the Chemical Weapons Convention; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4047. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored Inter-national Exchanges and Training FY 2015 Annual Report, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2460(f) and (g); Public Law 87-256, Sec. 112(f) and (g); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4048. A letter from the Auditor, District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report en-titled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Report on Advisory Neighborhood Commissions’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4049. A letter from the Auditor, District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report en-titled, ‘‘Advisory Neighborhood Commission Security Fund Annual Financial Report for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4050. A letter from the Chairman, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.028 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H363 January 13, 2016 
Board’s report, ‘‘Training and Development for the Senior Executive Service: A Nec-essary Investment’’, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1204(a)(3); Public Law 95-454, Sec. 202(a) (as amended by Public Law 101-12, Sec. 3(a)(7)); (103 Stat. 17); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4051. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Semi-annual Report to Congress for April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4052. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final specifications — Pacific Island Pelagic Fish-eries; 2015 U.S. Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits for Guam [Docket No.: 150615523-5973-03] (RIN: 0648-XD998) received January 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4053. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial and Recreational Salmon Fish-eries; Inseason Actions #37 Through #39 [Docket No.: 150316270-5270-01] (RIN: 0648- XE259) received January 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 4054. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Coastal Fisheries Cooperative Management Act Pro-visions; American Lobster Fishery [Docket No.: 150610515-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-BF16) re-ceived January 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4055. A letter from the Acting Chief, Office of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Alcohol, To-bacco, Firearms and Explosives, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Commerce in Firearms and Am-munition — Reporting Theft or Loss of Fire-arms in Transit (2007R-9P) [Docket No.: ATF 40F; AG Order No.: 3607-2016] (RIN: 1140-AA41) received January 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4056. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting a letter stating that the Ad-ministration is in the process of drafting a proposed regulation, for publication, pro-viding names of Social Security beneficiaries to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4057. A letter from the Senior Assistant Chief Counsel for Hazmat Safety Law Divi-sion, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safe-ty Administration, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Hazardous Materials: Requirements for the Safe Transportation of Bulk Explo-sives (RRR) [Docket No.: PHMSA-2011-0345- (HM-233D)] (RIN: 2137-AE86) received Decem-ber 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4058. A letter from the Deputy CFO, Na-tional Environmental Satellite, Data and In-formation Service, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Schedule of Fees for Access to NOAA Environmental Data, Information, and Related Products and Services; Correction [Docket No.: 150202106- 5999-03] (RIN: 0648-BE86) received January 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 4059. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2013 Annual Report to Congress on the Child Support Program, pur-suant to 42 U.S.C. 652(a)(10); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title IV, Sec. 452 (as amended by Public Law 93-647, Sec. 101(a)); (88 Stat. 2352); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4060. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Report to Congress on the Treatment of Certain Complex Diagnostic Laboratory Tests Demonstration final report, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395l note; Public Law 111-148, Sec. 3113(d); (124 Stat. 422); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 4376. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to require certain dis-closures be included on employee pay stubs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S IMP-
SON, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. K NIGHT , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. I SSA, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. E MMER of Min-nesota, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. R
OUZER ): H.R. 4377. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to tax business income on a cash flow basis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 4378. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants for treatment of heroin, opioids, cocaine, meth-amphetamine, 3,4- methylenedioxymethamphetamine (ecstasy), and phencyclidine (PCP) abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 4379. A bill to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds to further restrict conduct in rela-tion to firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. M ASSIE ): H.R. 4380. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to remove limitations on the ability of certain dual citizens from participating in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 4381. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow members of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the Armed Forces to make elective deferrals on the basis of their service to the Ready Re-serve and on the basis of their other employ-ment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 4382. A bill to amend the Federal Food Donation Act of 2008 to require certain Fed-eral contractors to submit a report on food waste, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia (for herself and Ms. M
CSALLY ): H.R. 4383. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to enhance Department of Homeland Security coordination on how to identify and record information regarding individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUINTA (for himself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 4384. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to preclude certain senior employees of the Veterans Health Administration from receiv-ing bonuses when any employee of such Ad-ministration has not met certain wait-time goals; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 4385. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act to improve higher education pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 4386. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to make certain improve-ments in the Federal Pell Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 4387. A bill to establish the Tule Lake National Historic Site in the State of Cali-fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Ms. M AT-
SUI): H.R. 4388. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a primary and behavioral health care integration grant program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H.R. 4389. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to ensure fair returns for Fed-eral onshore oil and gas resources; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska): H.R. 4390. A bill to amend and reform the Johnson-O’Malley Act to award contracts to certain tribal organizations, Indian corpora-tions, school districts, States, and consortia of tribal organizations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JA7.000 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH364 January 13, 2016 
By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 4391. A bill to amend the Illegal Immi-gration and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to complete the required 700-mile southwest border fencing by December 31, 2016, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia): H.R. 4392. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual re-port to Congress relating to the use of offi-cial time by Federal employees; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.J. Res. 81. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOHMERT: H. Con. Res. 107. Concurrent resolution providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. FORBES (for himself, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ): H. Con. Res. 108. Concurrent resolution af-firming the importance of religious freedom as a fundamental human right that is essen-tial to a free society and is protected for all Americans by the text of the Constitution, and recognizing the 230th anniversary of the enactment of the Virginia Statute for Reli-gious Freedom; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. HURT of Virginia (for himself, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina): H. Res. 585. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing an Interstate 73 corridor transportation compact; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. C HABOT , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H. Res. 586. A resolution expressing support for designation of the fourth week in May as ‘‘DIPG Awareness Week’’ to raise awareness and encourage the research into cures for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) and pediatric cancers in general; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. P
EARCE , and Mrs. L UM-
MIS): H. Res. 587. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to per-mit absent Members to participate in com-mittee hearings using video conferencing and related technologies and to establish a remote voting system under which absent Members may cast votes in the House on mo-tions to suspend the rules; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. W
EBER  of Texas, and Mr. R
IGELL ): H. Res. 588. A resolution condemning and censuring President Barack Obama; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. E
LLISON , and Ms. M OORE ): H. Res. 589. A resolution establishing the Select Committee on Excessive Use of Police Force; to the Committee on Rules. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
169. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Indi-ana, relative to House Enrolled Concurrent Resolution No. 58, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Con-stitution of the United States; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 4376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 4377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 4378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . Article I, Section 8; Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 4379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 4380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the implied power to repeal laws that exceed its constitutional authority as well as laws within its constitutional au-thority. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 4381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Secton 8, Clause 1 By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 4382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia: H.R. 4383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 18), which grants Congress the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. GUINTA: H.R. 4384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 4385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aritcle I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 4386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Clauses 1 and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LAMALFA: H.R. 4387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constition of the United States. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 4388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 4389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution: The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 4390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 4391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 1 By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 4392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JA7.100 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H365 January 13, 2016 
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. STIVERS: H.J. Res. 81. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to pro-pose amendments to the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 583: Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 771: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 775: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 790: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 814: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 997: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 1057: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1076: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1130: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1197: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 1283: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1301: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1397: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
RAT, and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 1460: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1475: Mr. F
LEMING . H.R. 1610: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1769: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1779: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 2058: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2096: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 2226: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 2255: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 2278: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. F ORBES . H.R. 2300: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2302: Mr. G
RAYSON . H.R. 2367: Mr. F
ARRand Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 2378: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2460: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 2470: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2536: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2633: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 2646: Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 2663: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 2694: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2802: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2805: Mr. D
OLD. H.R. 2817: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2894: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2901: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 2956: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 3036: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3065: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3119: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. G
UTHRIE , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 3222: Mr. B
RATand Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3223: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3229: Mr. R
IBBLE and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 3299: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 3323: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 3513: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3546: Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 3684: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3713: Mr. T
AKAI. H.R. 3719: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington and Mr. C
ARNEY . H.R. 3765: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3808: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 3846: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3953: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. M UR-
PHY of Florida, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. G
RAYSON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 4063: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4073: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4084: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4087: Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 4094: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 4137: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4179: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 4185: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4197: Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4218: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE and Mr. S ALM-
ON. H.R. 4226: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 4229: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4247: Mr. C
RENSHAW and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 4262: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4263: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4266: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. L
EE, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4278: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4285: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4291: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4333: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. M ENG, Ms. E
STY, and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4336: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4342: Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 4364: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. D
ENT, and Mr. C OLE. H. Con. Res. 80: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. M ULLIN . H. Res. 110: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H. Res. 289: Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 290: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 343: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 400: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H. Res. 416: Mr. J
OLLY . H. Res. 501: Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 551: Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . H. Res. 569: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 571: Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA7.015 H13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE41 January 13, 2016 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-lowing exchange of letters between myself and the Chairman of the Committee on Home-land Security regarding H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act. 
JANUARY 12, 2016. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanc-tions Enforcement Act, and for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the Floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 757 into the Congressional Record. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
JANUARY 12, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R 757, the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act of 2015.’’ The bill contains provi-sions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Home-land Security will not assert its jurisdic-tional claim over this bill by seeking a se-quential referral. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing action at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the under-standing that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I ask that a copy of this letter and your re-sponse be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. HONORING LOGAN A. LITTLETON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Logan A. Littleton. Logan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1412, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Logan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Logan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Logan has earned the rank of Brave in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say and has become a Broth-erhood member of the Order of the Arrow. Logan has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Logan orga-nized and managed a community Haunted Campground event at Smithville Lake in Smithville, Missouri, that hosted nearly 400 kids and helped collect items for the local food pantry and animal shelter. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Logan A. Littleton for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH EAGLE SCOUT OF TROOP 349 OF SMITHTOWN, NEW YORK 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Boy Scouts of America Troop 349, which is based out of Smithtown, New York. It is said that only four percent of all young men involved in Scouting earn the rank of Eagle Scout, which is part of the reason the rank is so prestigious. Recently, Troop 349 recognized its 100th Eagle Scout award over its 45 year history. Thanks to the countless hours volunteered by adult leaders investing in our leaders of tomorrow, the future is looking brighter than ever. Again, I would like to congratulate the lead-ers of Troop 349, as well as the 100 young men who have earned the rank of Eagle Scout while in the troop, and thank them for their dedicated service to our community. TRIBUTE TO HERB SPIEGEL HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment to the Corona, California commu-nity is truly exceptional. Next week, on Janu-ary 21, 2016, Herb Spiegel will be honored as a recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Corona Chamber of Commerce. Herb has dedicated himself to the Corona commu-nity. Herb has been a citizen of Corona, Cali-fornia since 1958. His company, Corona In-dustrial Electric, Inc. is a fixture in the busi-ness community and was operated by Herb for 36 years. Herb retired in 1994, after receiv-ing numerous awards and recognitions in the electrical contracting industry, and became ac-tively immersed in the local community. Wanting to give back and stay involved, Herb has been involved in numerous commit-tees, clubs and organizations. Herb has re-mained active with the Corona Chamber of Commerce for 57 consecutive years. He has been involved as an active member of the Co-rona Host Lions for over 50 years, serving on the Board and in many other capacities. He is a member of the Corona Benevolent and Pro-tective Order of Elks. He has been a member of the Masonic Lodge over 60 years; and an active member of Congregation Beth Shalom of Corona. Herb has also been active in phi-lanthropy, community outreach, and local non- profits for years including Corona Public Li-brary, Corona Norco Unified School District, and as longtime judge for History Day. Herb’s tireless passion for his family, com-munity service and giving back has contrib-uted immensely to the betterment of the com-munity of Corona, California. I am proud to call Herb a close friend, fellow community member and great American. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating Herb on achieving the Lifetime Achievement Award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EDWARD E. ‘‘GENE’’ EATON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gene Eaton of Sidney, Iowa, on his retirement as an attorney in Fremont County, Iowa, after serv-ing for 53 years. For over 100 years, Gene, his father, and great-grandfather have been serving the Sidney community as attorneys. In 1962 Gene joined the law practice that his great grandfather had begun in the 1800s. His father joined the practice in 1928. Gene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.001 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE42 January 13, 2016 
has seen a number of changes in the legal profession over the last 50 years. The most significant change was the creation of the computer and how legal business is con-ducted today by e-filing casework, briefs, and files. Although there have been changes to the legal profession during his time as an attorney Gene’s work ethic and dedication to upholding the law have stayed the same. Mr. Speaker, Gene has made a difference in his community by serving others. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring his ac-complishments. I thank him for his service to the city of Sidney and southwest Iowa and wish him and his family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING ADAM M. LARSON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Adam M. Larson. Adam is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 376, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Adam has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Adam has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Adam has led his troop as the Senior Patrol Leader, earned the rank of Warrior in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say, and has become a Broth-erhood member of the Order of the Arrow. Adam has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Adam ren-ovated the Dog Park in Liberty, Missouri, re-moving the old, worn-down apparatuses and installing new equipment. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Adam M. Larson for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I missed sev-eral votes last week to attend a funeral service in Massachusetts. I wish to state how I would have voted had I been present: Roll Call No. 33—No; Roll Call No. 32—Yes; Roll Call No. 31—Yes; Roll Call No. 30—Yes; Roll Call No. 29—Yes; Roll Call No. 28—Yes; Roll Call No. 27—Yes; Roll Call No. 26—Yes; Roll Call No. 25—Yes; Roll Call No. 24—Yes; and Roll Call No. 23—Yes. IN REMEMBRANCE OF CHARLES RAMM HOLM, JR. HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Charles Ramm Holm, Jr. who passed away on Monday, Janu-ary 11, 2016. Charlie was born in Savannah, Georgia, to Charles Ramm Holm, Sr. and Ruth Carr Holm. In 1961, Charlie moved away from South Georgia to Washington, D.C. to begin his dis-tinguished 18 year career in the public service. His desire to assist the American people and the U.S. Congress led him to work for Con-gressman G. Elliot Hagan as well as the Con-gressional Liaison for the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Congressional Liaison for the Executive Office of the President. His commitment to public service continued until his retirement in 1979 while working for the Select Committee on Outer Continental Shelf/ Merchant Marine and Fisheries. Charlie was a long time member of the Board of Directors for the Congressional Staff Club, Vice President of the Administrative As-sistants Association for the U.S. House of Representatives, and President of the Admin-istrative Assistants Association. Charlie’s efforts still did not end there as he became a mentor to young children and a committed father by coaching his son’s Little League baseball teams. Charlie is survived by his wife, Janet; his two sons, Charles R. Holm III and James Douglas Holm, Sr.; his two grandsons, Chris-tian Clarke Holm and James Douglas ‘‘Jimmy’’ Holm, Jr.; and one great-grandson, Ashton Cross Holm. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM HUELSKAMP 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, on January 12, 2016, I was not present for rollcall vote number 38. If I had been in attendance, I would have voted no on roll call vote 38. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RALPH FORQUERA ON HIS RETIREMENT AS THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INDIAN HEALTH BOARD 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the distinguished career of Ralph Forquera, a tireless champion of the health and welfare of American Indians and Alaska Natives living in urban areas. As Ralph prepares to step down after more than two decades as executive director of the Seattle Indian Health Board, I commend him for his important work and wish him the very best on his next steps. Under Ralph’s direction, the Seattle Indian Health Board has become one of the nation’s largest community health programs for urban American Indians and Alaska Natives. The Health Board now provides a full spectrum of clinical care, including direct primary medical, dental, mental health, and substance abuse services, to more than 7,000 individuals. Ralph’s leadership has been essential to the Health Board’s growth and continued suc-cesses. Throughout his career, Ralph has been a champion of the Native American community, especially those who are Native American but not a member of or affiliated with a federally recognized tribe. Through his advocacy, Ralph never lets us forget about the challenges that urban Indians continue to face, including a 26 percent poverty rate as well as health dispari-ties and chronic underfunding of health serv-ices. Ralph knows it can take a long time for fed-eral policy to be updated and changed, but he is steadfast in his efforts and never gives up. He participated in over a decade of discus-sions that ultimately led to reauthorization of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act. He played an important role in reauthorizing and making permanent the urban Indian health title of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act. And Ralph, to this day, continues to work to extend the 100 percent Federal Medical As-sistance Percentage to urban Indian health programs. I wish Ralph the best in retirement, and I congratulate him on an outstanding career. f 
HONORING MEDAL OF HONOR RE-CIPIENT CHIEF WARRANT OFFI-CER 4 (RET.) HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chief Warrant Officer 4 Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams, a lifelong West Vir-ginian. When the freedom of the United States and the world was in peril during the Second World War, he gallantly heard the call to de-fend our nation and enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1943. After finishing his training in California, CWO4 Williams was stationed in the Pacific Theater and bravely fought in the Battle of Guam in 1944. What truly distinguishes CWO4 Williams is the exceptional bravery he demonstrated dur-ing the battle of Iwo Jima. When tanks be-came ineffective on the beaches, he fought his way to destroy seven Japanese pillboxes while covered only by four riflemen. His brav-ery in taking out the pillboxes in the battle of Iwo Jima was a determining factor in turning the tide of the battle in favor of the Americans. Mr. Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Truman in 1945. The Medal of Honor was ‘‘For con-spicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as demolition sergeant serving with the 21st Ma-rines, 3d Marine Division, in action against enemy Japanese forces on Iwo Jima, Volcano Islands, 23 February 1945.’’ Mr. Williams is the last living Medal of Honor recipient from the Battle of Iwo Jima. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.004 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE43 January 13, 2016 
Known by all as Woody, he had a distin-guished career in the military and has spent his life tirelessly helping veterans and their families. His service to America and West Vir-ginia is unparalleled. I have known Woody for decades and am proud to call him not only a constituent but a friend. On January 14, 2016, Woody Williams receives another honor: a ship in the United States Navy will bear his name. I congratulate and commend Mr. Wil-liams on a remarkable and admirable life. Woody Williams serves as a pillar for all Americans to aspire to, a brave man who put his fellow Americans before himself. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PETTY OFFICER DERRICK SUBA 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petty Officer Derrick Suba, who will receive the Air Medal from the United States Coast Guard for his lifesaving actions on Feb-ruary 15, 2015. A native of Attleboro, Massachusetts, Petty Officer Derrick Suba is a proud alumnus of Bourne High School. After enlisting in the U.S. Coast Guard in 2002 and graduating from Basic Training in March 2003, Petty Officer Suba began his career in the Coast Guard aboard the Coast Guard cutter, USCGC Spen- cer. After a brief tour, he attended Aviation Maintenance Technician School and received orders to report to Air Station Elizabeth City, North Carolina. A devoted husband and father of two boys, Petty Officer Suba has also been stationed at Air Station Kodiak in Alaska and Air Station Cape Cod in my district in Massa-chusetts. In addition to his designation as a MH–60 helicopter Flight Mechanic, Petty Offi-cer Suba also has received advanced quali-fications as a Flight Mechanic Examiner and is qualified in Vertical Surface, External Load and Advance Rescue Swimmer Operations. On the morning of February 15, 2015, the Coast Guard Rescue Coordination Center in Boston was alerted to a distress signal from the sailboat Sedona. Facing dangerous weath-er conditions, the onset of a severe winter storm, and no available escort aircraft for heli-copter missions, the four-man crew of CGNR 6033 left Air Station Cape Cod to aid the Sedona. The pilot and copilot of CGNR 6033, Lieutenant John D. Hess and Lieutenant Mat-thew Vanderslice, expertly navigated despite deteriorating visibility, battling heavy snow, high winds, 25 to 35 foot seas, and severe thunderstorms to fly the over 300 nautical mile journey to and from the Sedona. Hovering above the Sedona, Petty Officer Suba remained calm and professional in the face of life-threatening conditions and high- stake circumstances. Successfully, he hoisted his fellow crewman, Petty Officer Staph, seven times to rescue the two victims from the Sedona. His helmet visor became covered in snow and ice during the first hoist, so Petty Officer Suba continued to perform his duty without protective gear around his face despite gale force rotor wash and driving snow, sleet, and seawater. During the third hoist, the hoisting system failed to function, forcing Petty Officer Suba to execute an emergency procedure. This com-plicated and dangerous maneuver forced Petty Officer Suba and Lieutenant Hess to carefully coordinate a constant change in aircraft alti-tude in order to successfully retrieve Petty Of-ficer Staph and the two survivors from the crest of passing swells. This extraordinary communication and concentration ensured that neither survivor spent more than three minutes in the frigid waters—saving their lives. Further, Petty Officer Suba administered first aid to his crewman, Petty Officer Staph, and the two survivors following injuries from the rescue and risk of hypothermia. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to recog-nize Petty Officer Derrick Suba as he is awarded the U.S. Coast Guard Air Medal. I ask my colleagues to rise and join me in rec-ognizing this distinguished member of our Armed Services and wishing him the best of luck in his future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE MACOMBER 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I submit this obituary for George Macomber that appeared in the Boston Globe on December 20, 2015. George was a cofounder of Wildcat Mountain with my father and a lifelong friend. 
GEORGE MACOMER , 88; O LYMPIC SKIER, BUILT F
ANEUIL HALLSHOPS  (By Bryan Marquard) Mr. Macomber was named to the US Ski Team for the 1948 and ’52 Olympics. He was also president of the George B.H. Macomber Co. and a philanthropist. George Macomber was the third generation to run the construction company founded by his grandfather, but the initial appeal of his family’s business had as much to do with how much time he could spend racing down ski slopes. In his 1997 memoir, ‘‘Plunging In,’’ he wrote that the Macomber contracting firm ‘‘was the only company I could find that would let me take winters off! Otherwise I might never have been a builder—or a world- class skier.’’ He was both. Competing in the upper echelons of both pursuits, often simultaneously, Mr. Macomber was named to the US Ski Team for the 1948 and ’52 Olympics. And after suc-ceeding his father as president at the age of 31, he led the company through major projects including Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Boston’s Four Seasons Hotel, and Yale Uni-versity buildings including the Center for British Art, and the hockey rink whose de-sign inspired the Yale Whale nickname. ‘‘My goal was to make a mark by building prestigious buildings,’’ he wrote, adding that the company cemented a reputation as ‘‘the architects’ contractor’’ through its can-do approach. ‘‘The George B.H. Macomber Com-pany didn’t say, ‘Oh, you can’t do that.’ We said, ‘Let’s try it.’’’ Mr. Macomber, a US Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame member whose philanthropy reached from the slopes to Judge Baker Chil-dren’s Center and cardiovascular research at Massachusetts General Hospital, died in his sleep Monday in his Westwood home. He was 88. As a Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology student, Mr. Macomber envisioned a career at companies such as Lockheed or Boeing, writing that his passion ‘‘was for all things theoretical, things mechanical.’’ Ulti-mately, that formed his intellectual path into George B.H. Macomber Co. ‘‘Figuring out problems was what drew him to his life work,’’ his son John of Cam-bridge said. ‘‘For him, the construction busi-ness was about building things. He liked fig-uring out multidimensional problems.’’ One of those dimensions was the board-room, where proposals were conceived, bids prepared, deals sealed. ‘‘He was one of those people who knew how to make a decision and knew how to make it stick,’’ said Tom Cornu, a longtime friend and real estate development partner. ‘‘He was a very bright businessman. I sat in de-velopment meetings with him where he had his slide rule—before we had calculators— and he could evaluate a real estate trans-action quicker than anyone else in the room. He was just brilliant at it.’’ Cornu, who served with Mr. Macomber on the board of trustees at Judge Baker Chil-dren’s Center, added that ‘‘George was a man with a huge heart’’ who applied his business acumen to philanthropic ventures. ‘‘He was very careful and precise about where he chose to spend his business time and where he chose to spend his volunteer time, so not a minute was wasted. It all went in the right places for the right reasons.’’ Through personal example, Mr. Macomber also was an inspirational figure on and off the ski slopes, said US Representative Ann McLane Kuster, a New Hampshire Democrat and longtime friend whose father and Mr. Macomber were among the four founders of the Wildcat ski area in Pinkham Notch, next to Mount Washington. ‘‘It was just always a thrill to be with him on the mountain and to ski with him,’’ she said. ‘‘To be with him, you felt like a million dollars. You felt like you could do anything. I’m blessed to have known him. He was a mighty, mighty man.’’ Mr. Macomber was born in 1927 on the day of the funeral of his grandfather George B.H. Macomber, who founded the family business in 1904. ‘‘This coincidence left some members of the family touched by the thought of one spirit leaving and another arriving in its place,’’ he wrote. He was the older of two children born to the former Jane Eaton and Charles Clark Macomber, who had been an All-American football player for Harvard College, playing offense and defense. Mr. Macomber wrote that he was ‘‘a sickly child—asthmatic, and allergic to almost ev-erything.’’ Winters, free of pollen, provided a respite, and he learned to ski on the hill be-side the family’s Winchendon home. He refined his skiing skills while attending Eaglebrook School in Deerfield, for which he later was a lifetime trustee, and Newton High School. His ski racing career blossomed during and after his years at MIT, from which he graduated in 1948 and where he would later endow a professorship. Though named to successive US Olympic ski teams, he was unable to participate in either Olym-piad because of injuries. Mr. Macomber won national titles, however, and the prestigious Silver Belt race at Sugar Bowl Ski Resort in California. Decades later, he carried the Olympic Torch in 1984 on the leg through the Faneuil Hall Marketplace his company had built. In 1947, he met Ann Drummond Leonard, who attended Smith College with his sister, when Ann visited the Macomber family’s va-cation home in Wolfeboro, N.H. They mar-ried in May 1953. Three years earlier, in ‘‘the summer of 1950 I got a closer look at what building was all about when I took part in the project that had a lot to do with reawakening the George 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JA8.004 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE44 January 13, 2016 
B.H. Macomber Company from its wartime doldrums: Shoppers’ World in Framingham.’’ From that beginning, through the expan-sion Mr. Macomber led after taking over as president, the company was the contractor for some of the most recognizable projects in Boston and elsewhere, including the MIT bi-ology center, the Harborside Hyatt at Logan Airport, the 775-unit Mission Park affordable housing development, and Robert Frost Li-brary at Amherst College. Then in 1987, a week before he planned to step aside as president of the company, L’Ambiance Plaza in Bridgeport, Conn., col-lapsed during construction, killing 28 work-ers. The Macomber company was a joint ven-ture partner in the project, and the resulting settlement cost the firm millions. Though the tragedy was heartbreaking, ‘‘George was absolutely about personally leading the investigation into what happened and what caused this unusual structural fail-ure—being there himself and looking at the engineering reports, standing up and saying, ‘My name’s on the door. This is what you do,’ his son John said. He added that from his father’s life, ‘‘the biggest lesson was: ‘Here’s how one should be. Here’s how one should conduct oneself.’’’ In addition to his wife and son, Mr. Macomber leaves a daughter, Grace Macomber Bird of Boston; another son, George of Park City, Utah; a sister, Gail Deaver of Stuart, Fla.; and eight grand-children. The family will announce a public service in the spring. ‘‘The biggest thing my father and I ever built was a reputation for absolute integrity, from the top of the company to the bottom,’’ Mr. Macomber wrote in his memoir, but he added that he ‘‘measured success a bit dif-ferently.’’ ‘‘I decided early on that I was going to do my best to balance family, business, and community service—in that order of pri-ority. I did not want to be the biggest con-tractor in the city, because I couldn’t do that without losing sight of my priorities.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO SALLY CARLSON 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment to the Corona, California commu-nity is truly exceptional. Next week, on Janu-ary 21, 2016, Sally Carlson will be honored as a recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Corona Chamber of Commerce. Sally has dedicated herself to the Corona commu-nity. At her core, Sally prioritizes community service and her work. Sally is a mainstay at the Settlement House and has continually shown leadership and compassion to the many families who frequent the Settlement House. Many with whom Sally has worked have described her as a faithful servant that has been determined over the years to ensure children and families are clothed, fed and cared for. Additionally, through her work with Settlement House she has become involved with other similar local organizations to assist local families. Sally’s tireless passion for the families she serves and community outreach has contrib-uted immensely to the betterment of the com-munity of Corona, California. I am proud to call Sally a friend, fellow community member and great American. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating Sally for achieving the Lifetime Achievement Award. f 
TRIBUTE TO DEBORAH RUSHER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Deborah Rusher of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being honored by AARP for her service as a family caregiver during the National Family Caregivers Month. She is the only Iowan to receive this recogni-tion in 2015. Deborah serves as a professional and fam-ily caregiver. She started her career working in a nursing home at the age of 16. She then be-came a nursing assistant before continuing her education at Iowa Western Community College in nursing. Her training has been vital in providing hospice care for her mother. Cur-rently, Deborah is caring for her 87-year old Father, Carl Belt. Deborah sees her work as a wonderful way to help loved ones and em-braces her role as a family caregiver. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Deborah for earning this special recognition. It is because of Iowans like her that I’m proud to represent our great state. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Deborah for receiving this outstanding recognition. I wish her nothing but continued success and the very best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PETTY OFFICER EVAN STAPH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Petty Officer Evan Staph—the re-cipient of the Distinguished Flying Cross for his heroic actions on February 15, 2015. It came as no surprise to those who know him, when Petty Officer Staph enlisted in the U.S. Coast Guard in the fall of 2007. A native of Dana Point, California, Petty Officer Staph was drawn to the water at a young age. Trained by his older brother, Brad, to swim in the ocean and surf before he could walk, he went on to excel on land—cross country and track and field—in high school and throughout his college career. The commitment and dis-cipline he exhibited toward his athletic achievements strongly foreshadowed the de-termination Petty Officer Staph embodied when he joined the Coast Guard. Petty Officer Staph transitioned to the U.S. Coast Guard airman program after a year aboard the Coast Guard cutter, USCGC Maple, where he graduated in 2010 with or-ders to report to Air Station Savannah, Geor-gia. Over the course of his four year tour, Petty Officer Staph flew more than 800 hours in the MH65 helicopter—saving numerous lives as an expert Rescue Swimmer. It was also during these four years that he met his wife, Kayla, whom he married on November 15, 2014. Soon thereafter, Petty Officer Staph was re-located to Air Station Cape Cod. While sta-tioned in Massachusetts, Petty Officer Staph has devoted much of his free time to spiritual pursuits and organizes frequent Bible study sessions. He also finds time to give back to his community as an active member of the Big Brother Big Sister program and mentors his ‘‘little brother,’’ Jamie. It is this strength of spir-it and resolve that served Petty Officer Staph well nearly one year ago. On the morning of February 15, 2015, the Coast Guard Rescue Coordination Center in Boston was alerted to a distress signal from the sailboat Sedona. Facing dangerous weath-er conditions, the onset of a severe winter storm, and no available escort aircraft for heli-copter missions, the four-man crew of CGNR 6033 left Air Station Cape Cod to aid the Sedona. The pilot and copilot of CGNR 6033, Lieutenant John D. Hess and Lieutenant Mat-thew Vanderslice, expertly navigated the dete-riorating visibility, battling heavy snow, high winds, 25 to 35 foot seas, and severe thunder-storms to fly the over 300 nautical mile jour-ney to and from the Sedona. Hovering above the Sedona, Petty Officer Staph was lowered into the water to retrieve the survivors when the primary hoist unit failed—forcing the crew to use a backup hoist and dangerously complicating the rescue mis-sion. During this extended process, static elec-tricity on the rescue basket from the heli-copter, weather, and lightning reached life- threatening levels. Before the basket was low-ered to retrieve the remaining men, the crew struggled to discharge it against the water. Yet the buffeting winds blew the basket toward the second survivor. Heroically, Petty Officer Staph held himself between the victim and charged basket—and was struck by the static electricity with such intensity that he was knocked unconscious. Throughout the ordeal, Petty Officer Staph never let go of the survivor and completed his duty in rescuing the two mariners. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Petty Officer Staph for his exemplary dedica-tion to his duty. I ask that my colleagues rise and join me in thanking him for his selfless ac-tions and for his service in keeping our na-tion’s citizens safe at sea. 
f 
CONCUR IN THE SENATE AMEND-MENT TO H.R. 3762—RESTORING AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE FREE-DOM RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-press my strong opposition to the Senate amended budget reconciliation bill. This vote represents House Republicans’ 62nd attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA). It’s also the 11th vote to attack women’s health care in the 114th Congress alone. This reconciliation package will under-mine important patients’ rights and take away critical benefits from Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.008 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE45 January 13, 2016 
As we know, the Affordable Care Act has provided health security to nearly 18 million previously uninsured Americans since enacted in 2010. Nearly 9.9 million Americans have enrolled in the health insurance marketplaces, with millions more enrolled in expanded Med-icaid programs, including an estimated 2.3 mil-lion in California alone. In addition to repealing the ACA Medicaid coverage expansion, this bill eliminates ACA tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies for households with modest incomes. This poorly conceived bill terminates ACA tax credits available to small businesses, and undermines important community-based programs in the Prevention and Public Health Fund. Overall, the Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill will take affordable health coverage away from 22 million Americans after 2017, without providing a workable alter-native to help Americans secure health care coverage. Additionally, the reconciliation package puts women’s health at risk by defunding Planned Parenthood, a provider serving millions of men and women throughout the country, and in some cases serves as the only provider within a given community. Planned Parenthood of-fers preventive services to millions of women, such as screenings for cancer and sexually transmitted infections, and family planning services. Mr. Speaker, this ill-conceived reconciliation bill increases the number of uninsured Ameri-cans and puts women’s health at risk. I strongly oppose this measure that will harm my constituents and prevent millions of Ameri-cans from accessing affordable health care. 
f 
113TH ANNIVERSARY OF KOREAN AMERICAN DAY 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the 113th anniversary of Korean Amer-ican Day, which commemorates the start of Korean immigration to the United States. On January 13, 1903, 102 brave souls set course from Korea and landed in Honolulu, Hawaii. Since then, the Korean American community has been a vital part of our coun-try, serving with distinction in the Armed Forces during times of war as well as contrib-uting in every field from science and medicine to entrepreneurship and the arts. As their numbers have grown over the years, Korean Americans have become in-volved in local communities, organizations and politics. Our long-lasting and continued part-nership has been and continues to be an ex-tremely important one in today’s world. We continue to recognize the crucial role Korean Americans play in maintaining the strength and vitality of the partnership be-tween our two countries and I congratulate and join in with the Korean American commu-nity today in celebrating this time-honored tra-dition and look forward to seeing the contin-ued success of this vibrant community in our country. TRIBUTE TO MARYANN SHERMAN HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment to the Corona, California commu-nity is truly exceptional. Next week, on Janu-ary 21, 2016, Maryann Sherman will be hon-ored as the 2015 Citizen of the Year by the Corona Chamber of Commerce. Maryann has dedicated herself to the Corona community. Maryann Sherman has been a pillar of the Corona, California community since 1966. She initially worked in her father’s music store on Main Street, while she was an active parish-ioner and teacher at her church, St. Edwards Parish. Maryann later became employed with the Corona Norco Unified School District in the 1980s, and has recently retired as the Li-brarian at Jefferson Elementary School. During her time as Librarian at Jefferson El-ementary, Maryann developed ways to help engage and give back to the school commu-nity. She helped coordinate funding and pro-gramming for parents on how to use the com-puters, applications and a variety of other pro-grams. Additionally, she always looked for ways to assist less fortunate students through finding resources for them. Maryann also helped serve her community while working as a Corona Public Library Trustee. She utilized the library’s resources to help promote literacy to community individuals who may have not had the opportunity otherwise. Her commit-ment to giving back to the community has fol-lowed her from Jefferson Elementary to her new project, heading a fruit and vegetable pro-gram for the needy in our city twice a month. Maryann is also dedicated to her family. She has been married to her husband, Tom, for 43 years. Together they have two children, Colonel Thomas Sherman and a daughter, Nancy Sherman. Maryann is a devoted mother and was very active in both of her children’s school Parent Teacher Organizations. It was this involvement that helped lead her to work-ing full time with the Corona Norco Unified School District. Maryann’s tireless passion for her family, community service and giving back has con-tributed immensely to the betterment of the community of Corona, California. I am proud to call Maryann a friend, fellow community member and great American. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating Maryann achieving the Citizen of the Year award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAY MOCHA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Kay Mocha of Mis-souri Valley, Iowa, on her retirement as the Di-rector of the Pottawattamie County Planning and Development Department. Kay has served in that capacity for over 30 years. During her tenure Kay has seen a number of changes in the Planning and Development Department. Since she was appointed in 1984 the office has grown into a full service plan-ning and development department that fo-cuses on floodplain management, onsite wastewater treatment and disposal, private water wells, and the county’s waste transfer station. Kay has served with 22 different coun-ty board members during her years of service. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Kay on her re-tirement and for her many years of dedicated and devoted service to the citizens of Pottawattamie County. It is because of Iowans like Kay that I am proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Kay and in wishing her and her family the very best moving forward. f 
HONORING MAE DUKE 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mae Duke, who is being recognized by the Century Village Democratic Club for her distinguished service to the West Palm Beach community. As part of the ‘‘greatest generation,’’ Mae’s life embodied the American dream. Mae is a first generation Jewish immigrant raised on Coney Island, New York and overcame nu-merous obstacles to complete her education and work as a laboratory technician. Mae mar-ried Sam Duke, a New York City Police offi-cer, in 1947, and together they raised four children in Brooklyn. Since her youth, Mae has believed in the importance of public service, civic duty, and participation in democracy. After her four chil-dren enrolled in public school, Mae ran for the local school board. Later, she and her hus-band started a youth league at their local syn-agogue. Today at age 89, Mae lives in West Palm Beach where she is admired by her chil-dren, grandchildren, and greatgrandchildren. She is still active with local community groups and is the President of the Century Village Club. Wherever her life has taken her, Mae Duke has selflessly volunteered her time and efforts to better her community. I am pleased to join in honoring Ms. Duke for her enriching, life-long community service. 
f 
BAYLOR’S 2015 SEASON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Baylor Bears football team entered into this season with lofty expectations to go along with a pre- season top-5 ranking in the polls. The coach, the players, and the fans all expected the Bears to vie for a national championship or a berth in the College Football Playoff. However, it wasn’t meant to be. Despite an 8–0 start, the Bears went on to drop 3 of their remaining 5 games, finishing with a record of 10–3. At the start of the season, a 10-win season would have been a huge disappointment for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.011 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE46 January 13, 2016 
the Bears. But given what happened in the last couple of months, 10 wins ain’t so bad. With an 8–0 record, one of the best of-fenses in recent memory, and perhaps the na-tion’s best quarterback-receiver tandem, this team was looking more and more like a shoo- in for the Playoffs. But, that 8th win came with a price. Baylor’s quarterback, Seth Russell, left the game in the third quarter with what ap-peared to be a strained back. As it turned out, Russell broke a bone in his neck, and would soon be ruled out for the rest of the season. The team now had to turn to a true freshman quarterback in Jarrett Stidham. Stidham— though a highly touted prospect with loads of talent—was still only a teenager and had never played in a meaningful college football game in his young career. His first start came on the road against Kansas State. Stidham would go on to have one of the best perform-ances by a true freshman quarterback in NCAA history, going 23–33 for 419 yards and 3 touchdowns. As a reward for that perform-ance, Stidham got to play top-10 Oklahoma the following week. In his second career start, Stidham wasn’t nearly as fortunate as he was in his first. He threw two interceptions in the game and was punished by the Sooner defense, often seen limping. Baylor would go on to lose on their home turf, 44–34. The season could still be salvaged, especially with a trip to Oklahoma State coming up, ranked sixth in the nation. Stidham was only able to play a half as he left the game in the third quarter, but the Bears would wind up with a win on the road against the undefeated Cowboys, obliterating them 45–35, though the game was never as close as the final score indicated. After leaving the Oklahoma State game early with an injury, Stidham was soon also ruled out for the rest of the season, meaning the Bears would have to turn to third-string quarterback, Chris Johnson, for the remainder of the season. Given how he played in relief of Stidham against Oklahoma State, the Bears felt pretty confident in Johnson’s abilities. But in Johnson’s first career start on the road against an equally battered and bruised TCU, he faced an additional opponent—the weather. Near freezing temperatures coupled with non-stop rain and gale-force winds messed up with both offenses, as the typically high-scoring Baylor Bears and TCU Horned Frogs were held to just 14 points each through 4 quarters. TCU would end up pulling off the win in dou-ble overtime, 28–21. In the regular season finale, Baylor played an old rival at home, the Texas Longhorns. After Johnson, Baylor’s third-string—and only remaining—quarterback left the game in the first quarter, Baylor was forced to play the re-maining game with a receiver at quarterback, almost solely running the football. Baylor went on to lose that game 23–17, though it wasn’t for a lack of effort. After falling behind 20–0 in the third quarter, the Bears came storming back with 17 unanswered points. After a Texas field goal made the score 23–17, Baylor would get the ball back with a chance to win the game in the closing minutes, though not having the ability to throw the ball competently made this prospect all the more daunting. After a failed Hail Mary attempt in the closing seconds—which was thrown by the team’s third-string running back—the Bears fell to the Longhorns 23–17. There they were, sitting at 9–3, after coming into the season hoping for a 12–0 record and a berth in the College Football Playoffs. As disappointing as 9–3 might have seemed, the team and its fans had to be proud of the way this team overcame the many obstacles put in front of it. Coach Briles and his team never gave up, despite all of their setbacks. Riddled with injuries, the Bears were now looking forward to playing the top-10 ranked, 11–2 North Carolina Tar Heels in the Russell Athletic Bowl, fresh off a close loss to number 1 ranked Clemson in the ACC championship game. About a week before kickoff, the Bears learned that not only would they be without their first- and second-string quarterbacks, but that they would also be without their first-string running back and their best receiver, Bilitnekoff winner and NFL-bound Corey Cole-man. Nobody in the world of college football would have batted an eye if the Bears lost, as they were expected to. But, much to the cha-grin of the number 10 team in the land, the Bears tossed out the script and wrote their own version of the game. The Bears put together one of the best per-formances of the season, amassing a record- breaking 645 rushing yards against a pre-viously stout defense. The Bears, known for their prolific pass offense, only threw for 111 yards. But with the way the team was running the ball they didn’t need to throw it. The Tar Heels were no match for Baylor’s quick run-ning backs and powerful offensive line. The Bears’ physicality and Coach Art Briles’ ability to adapt to ever-changing circumstances led to the team’s 49–38 victory in the Russell Ath-letic Bowl, but once again the game was never as close as the final score indicated. With the win, the Bears finished the season at 10–3, their third-straight 10-win season and fourth in the past five years. This is a far cry from where the program was 10 years ago. Though the Bears came into the season with national title hopes, this team should be proud of what it accomplished. Given the hand it was dealt, nobody would have blamed the Bears if they finished at 8–4 or 8–5. But this team pushed through the pain and battled, de-feating two top-10 teams in their last four games of the season, despite missing several of its best players. I’d like to congratulate the Baylor Bears for their successful 2015 season and exhilarating win over the number 10 North Carolina Tar Heels in the 2015 Russell Athletic Bowl. They made the state of Texas proud. I look forward to watching the team play next season. If the Bears got the injury curse out of the way in 2015, then watch out. I’m not a betting man, but if I were, I wouldn’t bet against a healthy Bears squad in 2016. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHAD CARLSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Chad Carlson, Bondurant-Farrar Middle School Prin-cipal, on his recent award as Administrator of the Year from the Iowa Association of Student Councils. Chad has been a dedicated public servant helping to educate the future of Iowa—its students. Chad was nominated for this award by the Bondurant-Farrar Middle School student coun-cil. Students cited his ability to integrate a number of programs to help the students: anti- bullying awareness, welcoming efforts for new students, and assisting with educational stu-dent travel to Washington, D.C. Through Chad’s leadership, students were able to rep-resent Iowa at the Leadership Excellence and Development Conference in the nation’s Cap-ital. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent dedicated public servants like Chad in the United States Congress. It is Iowans like Chad that make me proud to represent our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Chad on receiving this pres-tigious award, and wishing him and his stu-dents nothing but continued success in the years to come. f 
HONORING CHRISTENE CHADWICK MOSS 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Christene Chadwick Moss for her 25 years of service to the students and schools of Fort Worth as a member of the Fort Worth ISD Board of Education. Mrs. Moss is a product of the Fort Worth Independent School District, having attended Como Elementary School and graduated from Como High School. She continued her edu-cation at Tarrant County College, earning an ADA degree before going on to earn her Bachelor of Science at Texas Wesleyan Uni-versity and a Master’s degree from Texas Women’s University. First elected to the Fort Worth ISD Board of Education in 1990, Mrs. Moss’s leadership has been critical to the continued success of Fort Worth’s schools and students. Long committed to improving community and student input, she created the first FWISD Community and Stu-dent Forums in 1994 and 1995. Additionally, Mrs. Moss was able to balance budget priorities while reinstating art and music into primary school curriculum as well as establishing Fort Worth ISD’s first strategic performance plan with high standards and ac-countability measures. The Fort Worth community has long recog-nized Mrs. Moss’s contributions to the area’s students. C.C. Moss Elementary School was named in her honor and the Salvation Army named its children’s library in her honor to commemorate her assistance in establishing a facility for homeless students. Along with her commitment to education, Mrs. Moss is an active member of the Ebe-nezer Missionary Baptist Church, singing in the church choir and participating in their health ministry. She serves on the Executive Manager’s Board, Usher Board, the Nurses’ Guild and is president of the Vision of Women Ministry. As a registered nurse by training and voca-tion, Mrs. Moss currently works with the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services. She has also served as an adjunct professor of financial management at Tarrant County College. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.016 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE47 January 13, 2016 
In honor of Mrs. Moss’s 25 years of dedi-cated service to the Fort Worth community and its schools, this statement will be sub-mitted on Wednesday, January 13, 2016. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $18,891,869,602,125.16. We’ve added $8,264,992,553,212.08 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB HEMBORG 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment to the Corona, California commu-nity is truly exceptional. Next week, on Janu-ary 21, 2016, Bob Hemborg will be honored as a recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Corona Chamber of Commerce. Bob has dedicated himself to the Corona com-munity. Bob is the founder and owner of Hemborg Ford, a local business fixture. He initially pur-chased the Ford dealership in Corona and he quickly realized he wanted more land. He relo-cated his business to the neighboring commu-nity of Norco. Bob has worked tirelessly with a strong work ethic and business practices that have enabled his dealership to grow and thrive in the community. Bob prides himself on having many repeat and multi-generational cli-ents. Family is also very important to Bob. When it came time for him to retire, he entrusted the day-to-day operations to his son Tor, though he is quick to tell you he is in the office regu-larly. Since semi-retiring, Bob has become in-volved in philanthropic outreach and business- related groups. Bob’s tireless passion for his family, com-munity service and giving back has contrib-uted immensely to the betterment of the com-munity of Corona, California. I am proud to call Bob a close friend, fellow community member and great American. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating Bob on receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAREY CROWSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Carey Crowson of Ankeny, Iowa, for being selected to the Iowa Rock ‘n Roll Hall of Fame. This year, Carey Crowson, a 1972 Mount Ayr graduate, was honored with inclusion in the Rock Hall of Fame for his individual ac-complishments in the music industry over the past 40 years. Crowson has performed as part of a duo Jackson/Crowson and has been a member of a number of local bands. Backfire, Cactus Killers, Uncle Walt, and the Cavaliers from 1984–1995. Carey has also written and sung jingles and promotional songs for many major corporations. Mr. Speaker, it is truly an honor to recog-nize Carey for his accomplishments today. His efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am hon-ored to represent him and Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Carey for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL MOTIVA-TION DAY OF JANUARY 2, 2016 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 15th anniversary of National Moti-vation Day. National Motivation Day was originally intro-duced by my predecessor, Congressman Felix Grucci, in 2001. The goal of National Motiva-tion Day was to call for a renewed sense of national motivation shortly following the dev-astating terror attacks against our country on September 11, 2001. As we enter into a new year, many of us will use this time as a moment of reflection. I ask my esteemed colleagues to keep in mind the goal of National Motivation Day and let it con-tinue to inspire us. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify my position on two votes cast on January 12th, 2016 on amendments to H.R. 1644, the STEAM Act. On Roll Call Vote 38 on an amendment of-fered by Mr. K
ILDEE of Michigan, I did not vote. My intention was to vote ‘‘aye.’’ On Roll Call Vote 39 on an amendment of-fered by Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT of Pennsylvania, I did not vote. My intention was to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLE GRINDLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nicole Grindle of Malvern, Iowa, for her selection as the 2015 Shenandoah School System Teacher of the Year. Nicole is a teacher at the Shen-andoah Middle School where she teaches chemistry, physics, AP chemistry, and AP physics. Nicole is recognized by her peers as a teacher who has a passion to teach and one who reaches far beyond the status quo in teaching her students. She is committed to challenging her students in academics, leader-ship, accountability, and responsibility. Nicole has an outstanding skill in instructing her stu-dents and building relationships of respect with them. When not teaching Nicole takes an active role in a number of school activities by helping her students develop their talents for the future. Mr. Speaker, I commend Nicole’s leadership and her thoughtful technique. Nicole is an Iowan who is making a lasting impact in the lives of her students and for that we are deep-ly proud. She has dedicated her life to helping and serving others and so it is with great honor that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in honoring her accom-plishments. I thank her for her service and wish her and her family nothing but the best moving forward. f 
CELEBRATING THE BIRTHDAY AND PUBLIC SERVICE OF AGNES ZHELESNIK 
HON. LEONARD LANCE 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate Agnes Zhelesnik, who this week cele-brates her 102nd birthday. Mrs. Zhelesnik holds a very special national distinction—she is the oldest working teacher in America. Mrs. Zhelesnik teaches home eco-nomics at The Sundance School in North Plainfield, New Jersey. Two years ago I visited her at The Sundance School. I was happy to meet her, tour her classroom and get to know some of her colleagues and students. They shared with me how her warm and friendly personality has made The Sundance School a wonderful place to learn. She is a favorite among the students and her enthusiasm for educating makes her a great teacher and staff member. On this special occasion, I thank Mrs. Zhelesnik for her years of public service and wish her continued good health and happi-ness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF KNEELAND YOUNGBLOOD 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the myriad accomplishments of a deeply curious and supremely impressive man—Kneeland Youngblood. Many people outside of the upper crust of Dallas’ business community do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.018 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE48 January 13, 2016 
not know the name Kneeland Youngblood, and until recently, he would have been satis-fied with that fact. However, Youngblood re-cently decided to expose himself and his story to the greater Dallas community in order to in-spire a new generation of leaders and entre-preneurs. Kneeland Youngblood has found his suc-cess in founding Pharos Capital Group LLC. However, his career and life took many steps and progressions before he settled on this ca-reer. Youngblood was born in the segregated neighborhood of Galena Park in Houston. His father and mother struggled to make ends meet supporting Youngblood and his six sib-lings. From these humble beginnings, Youngblood made his way to Princeton University, and then to UT-Southwestern Medical School. He began his career in Dallas in emergency medi-cine, and planned to climb his way up in the medical field, until his tastes changed. Youngblood was integral in organizing a di-verse group of young professionals who were fundraising for Anne Richard’s initial guber-natorial campaign. During this successful pe-riod, Youngblood was exposed to the business community in a way that wetted his appetite. In the impressive and forward way he now op-erates his business, he approached powerful people in the business community and asked them for help in a career transition. He was forty. Now, only twenty years later, he has found-ed Pharos Capital Group LLC, which operated a $525 million institutional fund in 2014. He serves on several local boards, and recently became the first black member of the Dallas Country Club, where his father waited tables decades ago. Mr. Speaker, more important to Youngblood than all of these successes, is the success of his family. He has six kids who between them went to Stanford, Harvard, Yale, or Princeton. Today, I want to honor the incredible path Kneeland Youngblood has travelled, and rec-ognize him formally to allow him to serve as the example to young leaders and entre-preneurs he knows he is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN DOWNS 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment to the Corona, California commu-nity is truly exceptional. Next week, on Janu-ary 21, 2016, John Downs will be honored as a recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Corona Chamber of Commerce. John has dedicated himself to the Corona commu-nity. John is the second generation owner of local business icon Downs Energy. The busi-ness was started in 1962 by John’s father, Elvin Downs. In 1976, Downs Energy made the decision to launch a key lock operation to sell fuel around the clock to trucking compa-nies. John works closely on the day-to-day op-erations with his wife Catherine. John is also a devoted father and husband. He and his wife Catherine have two children, Sherry Downs Messner and Mike Downs. John describes having his children follow in his footsteps as something that makes him smile. John’s tireless passion for his family and the community has contributed immensely to the betterment of the community of Corona, Cali-fornia. I am proud to call John a friend, fellow community member and great American. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating John on achieving the Life-time Achievement Award. f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY M CCLANAHAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gary McClanahan upon his retirement from Central Campus in the Des Moines School System, where he served for 25 years. Gary served as the director of the Central Campus for 18 years and spent 7 years as the school’s supervisor of technology. Central campus is a career and technical education program that provides a diverse educational opportunity for students, from auto body repair to marine biology. Gary’s commitment to ex-cellence will be missed by all at Central Cam-pus. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Gary on his retirement from the Des Moines Central Campus. It is because of dedicated Iowans like Gary that I’m proud to represent our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Gary on this incredible milestone and wishing him nothing but the best in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, January 12, 2016, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on roll call no. 43, ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY LELIA ECKHART 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a valued constituent of mine in the second district of Ohio. Mary Lelia Eckhart, known by her friends as Lelia, will soon celebrate her 100th birthday on March 22, 2016. Lelia Eckhart was born into a large farming family in 1916 with six siblings, in Lewis Coun-ty, Kentucky. Beginning to learn the skills of a homemaker from the age of eight, she quickly became an integral member of her large and loving family. As her family began moving away, Lelia de-cided to join her sister in Portsmouth, Ohio during the Great Depression in the 1930s. As southern Ohio struggled along with the rest of the nation during the Depression, Lelia was soon in high demand by many families for her skills. Soon, Lelia was employed by the Bannon family of Portsmouth where she worked for nearly 60 years. Lelia’s significant talents include needlework of all types, from designing to tailoring her wardrobe, and her cooking abilities are leg-endary. When asked to reveal her secret to creating such great food, she faithfully replies ‘‘It tastes so good because I stirred it with my finger!’’ Lelia developed many lasting friendships which remain to this day. Central to her life is her devotion to her faith. She worships to this day at Cornerstone Methodist Church, from which follows the guiding principles of her long and story-filled life. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the 100th birthday of Lelia Eckhart. f 
TRIBUTE TO RITA SCHROEDER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Rita Schroeder for being chosen for induction into the Southwestern Community College Athletic Hall of Fame as a coach. She will be inducted on January 23, 2016 in Creston, Iowa. Rita was a 1982 graduate of Southwestern Community College and provided leadership to the Spartan volleyball program from 1984– 2009. Under her guidance, the Spartans had a record of 704–382. They competed in na-tional championships five times. Under Rita’s leadership, each student-athlete was required to put school first, and during her tenure her teams received ten NJCAA team academic awards. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Rita for her well-deserved induction into the Southwestern Community College Athletic Hall of Fame. It is because of Iowans like Rita that I am proud to represent our great state in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Rita for this achievement and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING JACQUELINE ANN BERRIEN 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring Jacqueline Ann Berrien, chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commis-sion (EEOC) from 2010 to 2014, who passed away on November 9, 2015, at the age of 53. I was privileged to know Jacqueline Berrien and to work with her here in the Congress. A native Washingtonian, Jacqueline grad-uated from Oberlin College and Harvard Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.026 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE49 January 13, 2016 
School prior to beginning her career as a dis-tinguished civil rights lawyer. Jacqueline cut her teeth while working with the Voting Rights Project of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law in the District of Columbia and with the National Legal Department and Women’s Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York. After several successful years, Jaqueline became an assist-ant counsel to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People’s Legal De-fense and Education Fund, where she focused on voting rights and school desegregation. She left the NAACP to become a program offi-cer for the Ford Foundation’s Peace and So-cial Justice Program, before returning as asso-ciate director-counsel of the NAACP’s Legal Defense and Education Fund. In 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Jacqueline Berrien as Chair of the EEOC, where she continued the work of combating discrimination, excelling as a public official in combating workplace discrimination. During her tenure, Jacqueline took on the new fron-tiers in employment discrimination, and de-spite budget shortfalls and a surge in cases, she helped the EEOC to significantly reduce its case backlog. As a civil rights lawyer and former chair of the EEOC myself, I worked with Jacqueline Berrien here in the Congress and greatly admired her many contributions to the work of the EEOC. Jacqueline Berrien, in a life cut short by cancer, nevertheless managed to leave a rich civil rights legacy, consummated by a presi-dential appointment to do that work for the en-tire nation. Our country is fortunate that this champion for civil rights, rich in talent, short in time, managed to accomplish so much. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in honoring Jacqueline Ann Berrien for her ex-ceptional civil rights career, for her service to the United States of America, and for a life well lived. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I missed the January 12 vote on Roll Call Number 43, regarding the question of passage of H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions En-forcement Act of 2015. Had I voted, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LYNN UBBEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Lynn Ubben, Superintendent of Perry Community School District. Ms. Ubben has been named 2016 Iowa High School Athletic Association Outstanding School Administrator. Ms. Ubben has been superintendent of the Perry Community School District for seven years. She is a member of the Iowa High School Athletic Association Representative Council for Central Iowa and a previous Rep-resentative Council member of the Iowa Girls High School Athletic Union. The Perry Com-munity School District superintendent also serves on the IHSAA Classification Com-mittee. Ms. Ubben has also been an active participant for students in her own school dis-trict, as you will often see her at games and activities, showing her support whenever she can. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Lynn for receiving this award and thank her for her service to the students and families of Perry Community School District. It is because of Iowans like Lynn that I’m proud to represent our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Ms. Ubben and wish-ing her nothing but continued success in the years to come. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 42 on final passage of H.R. 1644, the Supporting Transparent Regulatory and Environmental Actions in Mining Act or the STREAM Act, I would have voted Aye, which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
f 
H.R. 3662 AND S.J. RES. 22 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make todays votes due to important busi-ness in my district. Had I been here, I would have voted against both H.R. 3662 and S.J. Res. 22. S.J. Res. 22, the bill to kill the Waters of the United States rule, is a cynical attempt to en-danger the public health to score points with anti-environmental interests. At this very moment, parents in Flint, Michi-gan are worried about their children’s future after toxic lead exposure in their water. The blame for their concerns belongs here and in Lansing where anti-environmental interests have co-opted elected leaders. Today, Repub-licans spoke about the governors who have not challenged the Waters of the United States rule, saying they were too afraid to stand up for corporate interests. Bills like S.J. Res. 22 leave me wondering when my col-leagues across the aisle will have the courage to stand up to corporate interests and for their constituents. H.R. 3662 is a similarly wrong-headed bill, which requires the President to certify things he cannot know or prove, and would have the effect of blocking the Iran Deal from going into place. Bills that serve no purpose other than inflaming tensions between the United States and Iran have no place in this body, and I strongly condemn this attempt to derail the Iran Deal. IN MEMORY OF TAMON ARENCE WILLIS HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘loving’’, ‘‘witty’’, ‘‘thoughtful’’, ‘‘prankster’’, ‘‘mama’s boy’’. These are a few words that came to mind instantly by those who knew and loved Tamon Arence Willis. Eighteen years old, Tamon had just com-pleted his first semester at the University of Houston. He was working two part time jobs to help ease the financial burden from his par-ents. Born in The Woodlands, Texas, Tamon graduated from New Caney High School at the top of the Class of 2015. He was proud of his Texas roots, and he held on to them. He lived in a small town, New Caney, just outside of Houston. As a big brother, Tamon loved his four younger siblings. He was their protector. He was also a self-described prankster whose pranks were usually targeted at his younger brothers and sisters. With the love and support of his family, at the start of his college career, Tamon had a bright future ahead of him. The world was his oyster. It was until this past Saturday morning, just five days before his 19th birthday. Tamon had woken up early to go to work when sadly and tragically, his life was cut short in a hit and run motorcycle crash. Like a cold hearted coward, the driver who hit Tamon fled the scene. He had no remorse or compassion for what he did. He just left Tamon in the middle of the road. Another ve-hicle then came and hit Tamon again, causing the driver to lose control, where he crashed and ended up in the ditch. Tamon died at the scene. Word spread fast in the small community; tragic events and loss have a way of bringing people together. The Willis family soon found themselves surrounded by friends and family members, while authorities released a surveil-lance video from the convenience store of the vehicle in question. The search for the cow-ardly driver was on. The photo and video of the suspect’s vehi-cle was quickly circulated to news media and shared via social media. By Sunday night, Texas DPS troopers arrested Eric Brian Elli-son, an ex-con from nearby Crosby, Texas, and charged him with Accident Involving Death. May justice be swift for this heinous crime. On Thursday, January 14, Tamon will be laid to rest on what would have been his 19th birthday. Tamon’s parents have made the de-cision to have his funeral on his birthday as a way to celebrate his life. Although they mourn the loss of their son, they wish to celebrate his brilliant life and cherish their loving son. On behalf of the constituents of the Second Congressional District, I extend my deepest sympathies to the Willis family. Our thoughts and prayers go out to them during this most difficult time. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.032 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE50 January 13, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO GREASE MONKEY AND PETE AND BRAD KRAUSE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, January 13, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pete and Brad Krause of Council Bluffs, Iowa. On De-cember 2, 2015, Pete, Brad, and their staff celebrated 30 years in business at Grease Monkey, an auto shop that offers oil changes and other auto maintenance services. Pete and his Grease Monkey franchise have become an institution in Council Bluffs, but if it weren’t for some unfortunate circumstances, it may never have even been established. Pete became stranded in Council Bluffs in 1960 on his way home to Minnesota from col-lege in South Carolina. He had run out of gas and money. He took a temporary job in Omaha, Nebraska, to make enough money to get back home, but he never made it there. Pete opened his business in 1985 and his son, Brad, joined the family business in 1991. Brad became an owner in 2013 after pur-chasing the business from his father. The company has 13 employees and serves over 500 vehicles weekly. Pete said the business has gone through many ups and downs, in-cluding surviving the 1988 tornado that caused extensive damage to the store. The Council Bluffs Grease Monkey is a very successful franchise and ranks third in sales among Grease Monkey franchises throughout the United States. Mr. Speaker, I commend Pete and Brad Krause, along with their staff, for the dedicated service they provide to Council Bluffs and southwest Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Council Bluffs Grease Monkey on this momentous occasion and in wishing Pete, Brad, their families, and employees nothing but the best moving for-ward. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, January 14, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 19 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the near- term outlook for energy and com-modity markets. SD–366 JANUARY 20 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine improving the Federal response to challenges in mental health care in America. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine under-standing the goals and ideology of ISIS to better protect the homeland. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold an oversight hearing to examine Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan. SR–232A JANUARY 21 9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the automotive industry. SD–366 JANUARY 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the role of the Service Chiefs in defense acquisi-tion in review of the defense authoriza-tion request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the presidential memorandum issued on November 3, 2015 entitled, ‘‘Miti-gating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment.’’ SD–366 JANUARY 27 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the substandard quality of Indian health care in the Great Plains. SD–628 JANUARY 28 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the nuclear industry. SD–366 FEBRUARY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine energy-re-lated trends in advanced manufac-turing and workforce development. SD–366 FEBRUARY 23 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JA8.038 E13JAPT1SSpencer on DSK9F6TC42PROD with REMARKS
D36 Wednesday, January 13, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 11 a.m., on Friday, January 15, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4376–4392; and 8 resolutions, H.J. Res. 81; H. Con. Res. 107–108; and H. Res. 585–589, were introduced.
                            Pages H363–64 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H365 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act: The House passed S.J. Res. 22, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act, by a yea-and-nay vote of 253 yeas to 166 nays, Roll No. 45.
             Pages H335–46, H355–56 
H. Res. 583, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1644), the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22), and the bill (H.R. 3662), was agreed to yesterday, January 12th. Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act: The House considered H.R. 3662, to enhance congres-sional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism financiers. Consider-ation will resume on Tuesday, January 26th. 
                                                                                      Pages H346–55 
Agreed by unanimous consent that the vote on Roll No. 44 and the motion to reconsider thereon be vacated and that further proceedings on the ques-tion of passage be postponed as though under clause 8 of rule 20 through the legislative day of January 26, 2016.                                                                         Page H356 
H. Res. 583, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1644), the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22), and the bill (H.R. 3662), was agreed to yesterday, January 12th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, January 15.
                         Page H356 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 107, providing for an conditional adjourn-ment of the House of Representatives.
     Pages H361–62 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, January 15th, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 107, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution.
                                                Page H362 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on pages H355–56. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 1:01 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 1 p.m. on Friday, January 15, 2016, unless it sooner has re-ceived a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of H. Con. Res. 107, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that con-current resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JA6.REC D13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D37 January 13, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
EFFECTS OF REDUCED INFRASTRUCTURE AND BASE OPERATING SUPPORT INVESTMENTS ON AIR FORCE READINESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced In-frastructure and Base Operating Support Investments on Air Force Readiness’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Timothy Green, USAF, Director of Civil Engineers, Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, Engineering and Force Protection, Headquarters, U.S. Air Force; Major General Jerry D. Harris, Jr., USAF, Vice Commander, Air Combat Command, Langley Air Force Base; and Brigadier General Chris-topher Azzano, USAF, Commander, 96th Test Wing, Air Force Materiel Command, Eglin Air Force Base. VIEWS ON COMMISSARY REFORM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Views on Commissary Reform’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HOW TO CREATE A MORE ROBUST AND PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE MARKETPLACE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘How to Create a More Robust and Private Flood Insurance Marketplace’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. THE U.S. RESPONSE TO NORTH KOREA’S NUCLEAR PROVOCATIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Response to North Korea’s Nuclear Provocations’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE ORIGINAL MEANING OF THE ORIGINATION CLAUSE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Original Meaning of the Origination Clause’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4341, the ‘‘Defending America’s Small Contractors Act of 2016’’. H.R. 4341 was or-dered reported, as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JA6.REC D13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD38 January 13, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Friday, January 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 1 p.m., Friday, January 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 1 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Calvert, Ken, Calif., E41, E44, E45, E47, E48 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E42 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E42 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E47 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E49 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E44 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E45 Graves, Sam, Mo., E41, E42 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E48 Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E42 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E42 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E47 Keating, William R., Mass., E43, E44 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E43, E47 Lance, Leonard, N.J., E47 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E42 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E48 Poe, Ted, Tex., E45, E49 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E45 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E41 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E49 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E46 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E48 Williams, Roger, Tex., E49 Young, David, Iowa, E41, E44, E45, E46, E47, E47, E48, E48, E49, E50 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E41, E47 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 14, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13JA6.REC D13JAPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with DIGEST