Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H653 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 2016 No. 24 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 10, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODY B. H
ICEto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
DEDICATED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE TRUST FUND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I came to Congress committed to help-ing the Federal Government do a bet-ter job dealing with water and sanita-tion. We have had great success inter-nationally raising the profile and di-recting more money in a more effective way to deal with water and sanitation in poor countries, making a difference in millions of lives. In the United States, we often take those conditions for granted. But as has been demonstrated recently in Flint, Michigan, we do so at our peril because we have serious problems right here in the United States. It is not just Flint, Michigan. There are up to 10 mil-lion lead water lines that remain where even a slight change in the water chemistry, even from just repairing it, can damage lead pipes enough to start contaminating people’s water. What is underground and out of sight is actu-ally in worse condition than our crum-bling roads and bridges. America leaks more water than we drink every day. In the aftermath of the recession, we have seen States cut drinking water budgets and staff. The Federal Govern-ment had cut our investment in drink-ing water infrastructure by more than 80 percent by 1980. This, despite the fact that ours is a growing country with aging infrastructure that was rated a D by the American Society of Civil Engineers in their latest report. Now, I am pleased that the adminis-tration in its budget would put a little extra money to help replace lead pipes. Sadly, that is being financed by cut-ting even more from the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, essentially at the expense of keeping water clean in the first place. We should look at our water infra-structure as an entire system and in-creased Federal investment is long overdue. We would have to increase our funding 500 percent to reach the level of spending during Jimmy Carter’s presidency. I have long advocated the develop-ment of a water infrastructure trust fund. We have reintroduced a bipar-tisan, budget-neutral solution to create a dedicated water infrastructure trust fund to provide additional revenue to State and local water and sanitation projects. It is financed by a voluntary program where businesses that rely heavily on clean water, like the bev-erage industry, for example, that have a keen interest in maintaining water infrastructure would, on a voluntary basis, pay a miniscule fee. In exchange, they would be designated as supporting the clean water trust fund. It is estimated that this could gen-erate up to $7 billion annually in new revenue that could go to State and local governments as grants and loans, which in turn could leverage even more money. This legislation would also give di-rection and resources for the EPA to deal with the affordability gap. We can actually finance much of the needed water and infrastructure improve-ments, but we are hamstrung because there is understandable reluctance to raise rates that fall too much on the poorest of citizens. Thus, we are in a cycle of unpaid water and sewer bills that leaves nobody with satisfactory alternatives. This legislation would give more money to State and local governments, allowing them to leverage additional money and to focus on ways to deal with a very substantial problem of low income for whom access to safe drink-ing water and sanitation is every bit as fundamental a human right as what we are doing to help poor people overseas achieve. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate Secretary Clinton and a number of our colleagues going to Flint, Michigan, to focus on the problem. I applaud people who are looking at where the system failed, but I would hope we would pay as much at-tention to the systematic failure of Congress and at the State level to at-tach priority to this fundamental building block for a livable commu-nity. I hope my colleagues will join me, not just in cosponsoring H.R. 4468, but enacting the trust fund and fighting for budgets that represent the resources this crisis demands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.000 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH654 February 10, 2016 
DEDICATED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE TRUST FUND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, next week marks an important milestone in the history of North Carolina’s Piedmont region—the 250th anniversary of the founding of the town of Salem. In 1752, Moravian Church leaders pur-chased a 100,000-acre tract in North Carolina from the British Lord Gran-ville. On February 19, 1766, twelve Mo-ravian brethren from nearby settle-ments made an 8-mile journey to estab-lish the town of Salem, a new commu-nity that would serve as the tract’s commercial center. Moravian Church leaders decided that the new town should have the con-venience of running water to the build-ings. The town built a waterworks, which was constructed by burying hollowed logs from springs located about a mile away. This addition to Sa-lem’s infrastructure attracted the at-tention of President George Wash-ington, who visited in 1793. However, Washington was not the first famous visitor to Salem. In 1767, the royal Governor William Tryon heard about the building going on in North Carolina’s northwest wilderness. He and his wife made the long journey from New Bern to examine the Moravians’ new settlement firsthand. Along with its advanced plumbing, Salem was also at the forefront of in-novative medicine and was home to the first university-educated physician in western North Carolina. In addition, Salem was known across the colonial South as a place of commerce and trade, renowned for its pottery, fur-niture, silver, and other artistic trades. In 1913, the town of Salem, with its focus on craftsmanship, sustainability, education, and religion merged with the fast-paced industrial town of Win-ston, thus becoming Winston-Salem. Today, Winston-Salem is the fifth largest city in North Carolina. It is home to six colleges and universities, including Salem College, the oldest continuously running women’s college in the United States, as well as the prestigious Wake Forest University and Winston-Salem State University. Reaffirming this time-honored tradi-tion of forging boldly ahead, the city continues to build a diverse business space leading in the areas of nanotech-nology research, finance, and manufac-turing. The original settlement is a living history museum that engages visitors in an educational, historical experience about those who lived and worked in the early South. During the yearlong anniversary celebration, the Moravian Church, Old Salem, the City of Winston-Salem, and Forsyth County will honor important milestones in the town’s 250-year his-tory, such as George Washington’s two- night visit to Salem in 1739 and the Na-tion’s first public July 4th celebration that took place in 1783. Most impor-tantly, the local community will come together to celebrate and reflect on how Salem’s past informs its present and shapes its future. 
f 
FORTHCOMING LEGISLATION ON PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, Con-gress will hold its eighth hearing on Puerto Rico later this month. At the direction of Speaker R
YAN, the Natural Resources Committee will then lead an effort to craft legislation for the terri-tory. The record will demonstrate that there is not a single crisis in Puerto Rico, but a series of intertwined crises. It is an economic crisis, a fiscal crisis, a liquidity crisis, a debt crisis, an im-migration crisis, and a public adminis-tration crisis. If you visualize Puerto Rico as a tree and each crisis as a withering branch, the root of the tree is Puerto Rico’s un-equal and undignified political status. While the immediate aim is to mend the branches, ultimately, we will need to attack the problem at its root and that means Puerto Rico must become a State or a sovereign nation. Last week, Antonio Weiss, a senior Treasury Department official, stated as follows: 
There is no question that status is vitally important. Why are we proposing that re-structuring authorities and the earned in-come tax credit and fair Medicaid treatment be provided to Puerto Rico? Well, as a terri-tory, Puerto Rico’s status does not afford it adequate tools in those three areas. So we believe that we need to afford the Common-wealth those tools that it needs so it can navigate this crisis. And we agree that over a long period of time, status has contributed to this crisis. 
Since the problem in Puerto Rico has multiple dimensions, the legislative so-lution should as well. First, the bill must empower Puerto Rico to restruc-ture a meaningful portion of its debt. The bill could provide a period in which consensual negotiations between bond insurers and their creditors, mediated by neutral experts, can take place. If those negotiations do not bear fruit, the Puerto Rico Government should be empowered to authorize its instrumen-talities to adjust their debts under chapter 9 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, a right that every State has and that Puerto Rico used to have. Puerto Rico’s congressionally ap-proved constitution provides that bonds issued or guaranteed by the cen-tral government receive priority pay-ment. What binds us together as Amer-icans—and Puerto Ricans are proud American citizens—is our commitment to the rule of law. While I do not believe that Congress should override Puerto Rico’s constitu-tion, I do expect all creditor classes, in-cluding GO bondholders, to make con-cessions for the public good that will ultimately benefit all stakeholders. I sense that a bipartisan consensus is fi-nally emerging in support of reason-able debt restructuring authority for Puerto Rico. Second, the bill should address the outrageous disparities that Puerto Rico faces under key Federal programs, a main driver of our deficits and debt. Consider that historically, Puerto Rico received $300 billion in annual Medicaid funding, while the similarly sized Or-egon receives $5 billion. I challenge any State to run a decent Medicaid pro-gram with that insulting sum without overborrowing in the capital markets. Impossible. Finally, the Puerto Rico Government has a record of fiscal mismanagement. This is a painful fact, but a fact none-theless. We must face up to it, resolve to do better, and welcome some tem-porary assistance. I would support the creation of an independent board to ap-prove Puerto Rico Government’s finan-cial plan and annual budgets and to help ensure they are adhered to. The past is not always a prologue. There is no reason why future Puerto Rico leaders cannot embrace fiscal dis-cipline, as distinct from austerity, and rapidly put the oversight board out of business. And Congress should be care-ful about casting moral judgment on Puerto Rico since the Federal Govern-ment has a $14 trillion debt that is 75 percent of the GDP. We, in Puerto Rico, are responsible for our actions, but Congress is responsible for its ac-tions and inaction as well. A balanced board will obtain buy-in from government, business, and labor leaders in Puerto Rico and can serve as a bridge to a brighter future. However, a punitive board that disrespects my constituents and tramples on the prin-ciple of states’ rights will transform me from an ally to an adversary very quickly. 
f 
b1015 DEBT CEILING BILL IS FINANCIALLY IRRESPONSIBLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, America entrusted Republicans with the House in 2010 and the Senate in 2014. Democrats lost Congress because their financially irresponsible conduct and trillion-dollar deficits threaten America with a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy. House Republicans inherited a $1.3 trillion deficit in 2011. They cut it to $1.1 trillion in 2012, cut it to $680 billion in 2013, cut it to $485 billion in 2014, and cut it to $439 billion in 2015. House Republicans did what the American people elected them to do. In each election thereafter, we were en-trusted with 2 more years of a House Republican majority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.004 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H655 February 10, 2016 
Unfortunately, newly released data from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reveals America’s finan-cial condition has taken a sharp turn for the worse. According to the CBO, the first quar-ter fiscal year 2016 deficit deteriorated by $36 billion compared to 2015’s first quarter deficit. If extrapolated to a full year, America’s FY 2016 deficit would be $583 billion. That is $144 billion worse than in fiscal year 2015. Out-of-control spending was the prob-lem, not taxes. During the first quar-ter, tax revenues were up 4 percent, but spending was up even more, at 7 per-cent. Now, for the first time since I have been in Congress, Republican com-promises and surrenders to Obama and Democrats have made America’s defi-cits worse, not better. This Congress broke open our kids’ piggy banks, stole money we cannot pay back, and used it to pay for a tril-lion-dollar omnibus spending bill that adds tens of billions of dollars to 2016’s deficit. I am proud I voted against the financially irresponsible omnibus. Mr. Speaker, America’s Comptroller General and the CBO repeatedly warn that America’s financial path is ‘‘unsustainable,’’ meaning America faces a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy unless we get our financial house in order. Further, the CBO warns that, absent correction, America’s debt service costs will increase by $600 billion per year within a decade, roughly what America spends on national defense, which begs the question: Where will the money come from for an additional annual $600 billion debt service pay-ment? America’s total debt approached $14 trillion when I was elected to Congress in 2010. We have blown through the $19 trillion mark. Now the CBO projects America will blow through the $29 tril-lion debt mark in a decade. For emphasis, Washington is engaged in the worst generational theft in American history. Washington steals from our children and grandchildren with a callous devil-may-care attitude so that we can today live high on the hog, even though it forces our children into hardship and poverty. Economic principles don’t care if you are a family, a business, or a country. If you borrow more money than you can pay back, you go bankrupt. Time is running out. Washington must balance the budget before America’s debt bur-den spirals out of control, before it is too late to prevent the debilitating in-solvency and bankruptcy that awaits us. Mr. Speaker, Americans are right-fully angry at Washington elected offi-cials who care more about special in-terest campaign contributions than American voters or America’s future. Will the American people channel their anger in the 2016 elections and elect Washington officials who both un-derstand the threat posed by deficits and debt and have the backbone to fix it? The answer to that question deter-mines whether America continues as a great nation and world power or de-clines into the dustbin of history. Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak for anyone else, but as for me, M
OBROOKS from Alabama’s Fifth Congressional Dis-trict, I fight for financial responsi-bility and prosperity and against an American bankruptcy and economic depression. 
f 
EMERGENCY REQUEST FOR $1.8 BILLION TO FIGHT ZIKA VIRUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly urge my colleagues to support the President’s emergency request of $1.8 billion to fight the spread of the Zika virus, a dangerous, mosquito-borne illness that has sur-faced in my home State of Hawaii and in at least 12 other States across the country. The symptoms and effects of the Zika virus, which have prompted an inter-national public health emergency from the World Health Organization, are not dissimilar to another mosquito-borne disease, Dengue fever. Dengue fever is spread through the very same Aedes aegypti mosquito as carries the Zika virus, as well as other mosquito variations. Like the Zika virus, Dengue fever symptoms include fevers, rashes, joint and muscle pains, severe headaches, and other painful symptoms. The CDC has reported the harmful symptoms and effects of both Zika and Dengue and the ability of both of these diseases to spread very rapidly through mosquitos present in many regions of the United States, including in my home district. So far, there have been around 50 cases of Zika virus confirmed in the United States. But in the past 16 weeks, there have been 252 known cases of Dengue fever on Hawaii Island alone. Now, Mayor Billy Kenoi, Hawaii County’s mayor, on Monday announced a state of emergency for the county to deploy more resources to battle this Dengue fever outbreak. I have asked our Governor to declare a state of emergency in response to this outbreak so that the people of Ha-waii can receive every resource avail-able to protect themselves, to eradi-cate this mosquito and its breeding grounds, and stop the spread of Dengue fever, which has quickly become the largest outbreak in the State of Hawaii since the 1940s. The CDC has activated its emergency operations center to level 1 status. Now, to put this level 1 status in con-text, the CDC has only raised the emer-gency operations center to level 1 three times in the past: during the Ebola outbreak in 2014, during the H1N1 pan-demic in 2009, and after Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The President’s leadership and emer-gency request on this urgent issue is warranted and necessary to respond ag-gressively to the Zika virus early on. He is treating this with the seriousness it deserves, recognizing this global pub-lic health threat, the impacts, and long-lasting effects of which still are not fully known. At the end of last year, Congress came together and passed a bipartisan omnibus spending bill that increased funding for public health preparedness and response by more than $52 million than the previous fiscal year, but this additional emergency funding request is necessary now in communities like mine on Hawaii Island and in different parts of the country to combat disease- transmitting mosquito viruses like Zika and Dengue fever. It is imperative that Congress, Fed-eral agencies, local governments, and private sector partners partner to-gether to take action now to deal with the outbreaks we already have and pre-vent something far worse from occur-ring. I look forward to working with my colleagues to push this critical public health funding forward. 
f 
PFC JOSEPH P. DWYER VETERANS PEER SUPPORT PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, this week I introduced legislation in the House to expand the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Vet-erans Peer Support Program to the na-tional level. PFC Joseph Dwyer was from Mount Sinai, New York, located in my home district of Suffolk County. PFC Dwyer served in Iraq and re-ceived nationwide recognition for a photograph that went viral, showing him cradling a wounded Iraqi boy while his unit was fighting its way up to the capital city of Baghdad. Sadly, after returning home and struggling with PTSD, PFC Dwyer died in 2008 and left behind a young widow, Matina, and a 2-year-old daughter, Meagan. In 2012, while serving in the New York State Senate, I created the Dwyer Program as part of the 2012–2013 State budget. Originally in four coun-ties, including Suffolk, this program has since expanded to over a dozen counties throughout New York. The Dwyer Program is a peer-to-peer support program for veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. The pro-gram provides a safe, confidential, and educational platform where all vet-erans are welcome to build vet-to-vet relationships, supporting each other’s transition from service to post-service life. During the first year alone, we were able to conduct 148 group sessions, serving 450 veterans just within Suf-folk. Since 2013, the program has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.005 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH656 February 10, 2016 
helped over 1,500 veterans in New York State battling PTSD and TBI. With the success that we have had in New York, I know that, if we make this program national, we will ensure that every veteran across America will eventually have access to a peer-to- peer support group. With the VA reporting that an esti-mated 22 veterans a day commit sui-cide, this national effort is long over-due. We must ensure that all veterans across America receive the proper care they need and deserve. I will be working hard to spread awareness of my bill, gather cosponsors and the support of veteran groups and mental health organizations from all across the country so that we can pass this bill as soon as possible. 
WE MUST ACT NOW ON THE ZIKA VIRUS  
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, shifting gears, on a completely separate topic, I also rise today to discuss the mosquito- borne Zika virus, which has spread at rapid rates across South America, Cen-tral America, and the Caribbean, in-fecting individuals in more than 25 countries. Zika has caused widespread alarm across the global community after Brazil reported a rise in the reported cases of microcephaly, a disease that leads tragically to a baby being born with an unusually small head and brain damage. What is so concerning about the Zika virus is how easily it can spread. The virus is spread not only through a mos-quito bite, but also by contact with in-fected blood or sexual contact. Furthermore, there is currently no vaccine to prevent or any medicine to treat the virus. All these factors have led the World Health Organization to declare the Zika virus a public health emergency. Confirmed cases of the Zika virus have been popping up across the U.S., including at least three confirmed cases in my home district of Suffolk County, Long Island. With the recent outbreaks and the number of Zika cases among travelers visiting or returning to the United States, it is only a matter of time be-fore this becomes a widespread epi-demic right here at home. This is why we must act now. I recently introduced legislation, the Counterterrorism Screening and As-sistance Act of 2016, H.R. 4314, which passed the House Committee on For-eign Affairs with bipartisan support. One key aspect of this legislation is that the bill would put in place a moni-toring system that would screen for in-fectious diseases abroad to contain and prevent any potential outbreaks. The bill also helps quarantine the virus, authorizing the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide equip-ment and supplies to mitigate the risk or threat of infectious diseases such as Zika. This is a measure that is long over-due to protect not only our homeland from terrorism, but also to ensure that we are prepared to combat the spread of any infectious diseases. With this bill’s passage out of committee, it is clear that my colleagues in Congress share my view. I will continue to push for full pas-sage of my Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act in the House and urge my colleagues to bring this bipar-tisan bill to the House floor for a vote. f 
COMBATING BDS ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement, more commonly known as the BDS movement, has been employed as a hateful weapon to delegitimize the State of Israel and all those who stand with her. The BDS movement has neither brought Israelis and Palestinians clos-er to peace nor advanced the laudable goal of improving dialogue between the supporters of both sides. Instead, it has served as a means to demagogue Israel and inflame tensions in communities and college campuses around our Na-tion. Rather than sit back and react to the BDS movement’s aggressive efforts to foment hatred for Israel, it is time to take charge and simply say: ‘‘Enough.’’ It is time to go on offense against the BDS movement’s ongoing economic warfare targeting Israel. That is why I am proud to announce the Combating BDS Act of 2016, bipar-tisan legislation that I am introducing with the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ), a courageous leader in the anti-BDS movement. The Combating BDS Act of 2016 af-firms on the Federal level the author-ity of State and local governments to divest public funds or entities that en-gage in commerce or investment-re-lated boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel. Here is why this idea is so important. Similar to previous local efforts to di-vest from companies doing business with Iran, we are now seeing a growing movement in State and local govern-ments throughout the Nation to enact measures to divest public funds from entities participating in anti-Israel BDS. b1030 The Combating BDS Act of 2016 strengthens these efforts by affirming the legal authority of State and local governments to act on divestment without running afoul of any potential Federal limitations. This important legislation empowers community leaders and individuals who seek to counter the hateful tar-geting and delegitimization against Israel, and it sends an unquestionable message about where the United States Congress stands on BDS. This is not about left versus right. This is about right versus wrong. It must remain bipartisan. As the author of the Combating BDS Act of 2016, I look forward to working with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to ad-vance this powerful and important leg-islation. f 
IRAN’S HOSTILITY MUST BE COMBATED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Islamic Re-public of Iran—its past and its future. February 11 is just an ordinary day for Americans, but in Iran, tomorrow is anything but ordinary. Military pa-rades and massive state-sponsored cele-brations fill the streets of Tehran and cities across the Islamic Republic. In just a few hours, it will be Islamic Rev-olution’s Victory Day in Iran. The re-gime celebrates 37 years since the vio-lent coup that brought the Ayatollah Khomeini to power and transferred Iran into a fundamentalist Islamic the-ocracy and the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. It is a dark period of history, Mr. Speaker. Thousands of innocent people were killed as the revolutionaries con-solidated power. The U.S. Embassy was overrun and more than 50 Americans were held hostage for 444 days. The United States has seen six Presi-dents since 1979, reflecting a broad range of leadership styles and gov-erning philosophies. The Islamic Re-public has been led by two Supreme Leaders, both zealots fanatically com-mitted to the revolutionary ideas they espouse being celebrated on the streets of Tehran on this day. Make no mis-take, Mr. Speaker, we are dealing with the same Iran today as we were in 1979. The only day being celebrated by some Americans at the moment is im-plementation day, as President Obama’s dangerous nuclear deal has now come and gone. The world is much more dangerous because of it. Iran, the leading patron of global ter-rorism, just received a $100 billion check. The mullahs continue to foment violence and chaos across the Middle East, and their nuclear structure re-mains intact. The Obama administra-tion has long argued that we would only be giving them $50 billion, but even they have conceded that it is clos-er to $100 billion or more. We were also told that Iran would moderate its behavior as a result of this capitulation. Just in the past few weeks, Iran captured and humiliated American sailors, illegally launched ballistic missiles, fired rockets within 1,500 yards of U.S. ships, and flew a drone over a U.S. aircraft carrier. The list goes on and on. Iranian Special Forces continue to assist al-Assad in his slaughter of inno-cents in Syria. Over 200,000 have been killed so far. Iranian-backed militias are likely responsible for kidnapping three American contractors in Iraq. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.007 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H657 February 10, 2016 
It doesn’t take much imagination to figure out what Iran will do with an-other $100 billion, which is the windfall that they are about to receive based on this bad deal. As President Obama and Secretary Kerry have both begrudg-ingly admitted, it is nearly certain that the Iranians will use this money to sow the seeds of even more death and destruction. Think about that. They are nearly certain that part of this $100 billion will go there. The Islamic Republic is not our friend, Mr. Speaker. It is a dangerous geopolitical foe. It is led by a cult of extremists that are hellbent on our an-nihilation. Yet President Obama will do nothing to stem the tide of the Aya-tollah’s ambitions. When faced with an adversary whose theology and eschatology are fun-damentally incompatible with peace and world order, the United States, under President Obama’s leadership, chose a path of appeasement. I truly believe President Obama has made per-haps the most dangerous foreign policy blunder in our lifetime. We are now facing a newly emboldened, cash-rich, radical Islamic regime fully committed to weakening our Nation, terrorizing the West, and destroying our way of life. Mr. Speaker, it is up to Congress to do everything in our power to keep as much of this money as possible out of the hands of Iran’s terrorist proxies. The Congress must move swiftly to strengthen terrorism- and human rights-related sanctions against Iran and its Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The Congress must maintain strict oversight over Iran’s nuclear program as its infrastructure remains intact. Iran’s hostility must be combated, Mr. Speaker, and this body should not abrogate that responsibility, even if our President already has. 
f 
SARACINI AVIATION SAFETY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, in light of recent reports of ISIS entering Europe disguised as refugees and a ter-rorist having just tried to take down an aircraft, I think it is important to understand the threats we face, but also to learn from the past. In the 9/11 Report, al Qaeda master-mind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed told al Qaeda terrorists to watch the cockpit doors at takeoff and landing to observe whether the captain went into the lav-atory during the flight and to note whether the flight attendants brought food into the cockpit. We all know what happened when these attackers stormed the flight deck and turned our airliners into weapons of war. But today, more than 14 years after the attacks of September 11, the FAA still admits the cockpit is vulner-able when the reinforced door has to be opened. That is unacceptable. We know that terrorists study our vulnerabilities and make their plans accordingly. Yet, even after the rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission emphasized the importance of ‘‘a lay-ered security system,’’ we have not taken the simple, cost-effective step to protect the skies above us with the in-stallation of secondary barrier doors. These lightweight, wire-mesh gates can be closed whenever the cockpit door is opened and effectively protect against a terrorist—or team of terror-ists—rushing the cockpit by providing the pilot enough time to recognize the threat and reenter and lock the rein-forced cockpit door. They are easy to deploy and stow, and provide the ‘‘lay-ered protection’’ that experts agree is needed. That is why I have introduced the Saracini Aviation Safety Act. This is a one-page bill named after my con-stituent, United Airlines pilot Victor J. Saracini, whose life was taken when his aircraft was hijacked and flown into the South Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11. It re-quires that these cost-effective sec-ondary barriers be included on large passenger aircraft. We promised to never forget those lost on 9/11 and the lessons learned by all of us on that tragic day; yet after many years and more than 40 hijacking attempts around the world, including five that were successful, we are still not taking this threat seriously. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to advo-cate for the adoption of this common-sense policy, both as a stand-alone bill or as part of a larger piece of legisla-tion like the FAA reauthorization, and I urge my colleagues to join me. f 
GTMO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, one of the most oft-repeated campaign promises from President Obama’s 2008 campaign was his determination to close the U.S. Guantanamo Bay detention facility. Congress, a coequal branch of govern-ment representing each citizen and re-elected every 2 years, hasn’t come to the same conclusion as President Obama about the status of GTMO mov-ing forward. Because of this, we have blocked funding for its closure year after year after year. We have strong reasons for concern. Last September, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence reported that 117 transferred detainees are confirmed to be reengaging in terrorist activities, with another 79 suspected to have done so. Disturbingly, this amounts to a full 30 percent of transferred detainees ei-ther confirmed or suspected of re-engaging in terrorist activities. The Director’s report clearly shows that the detainee transfer process is obviously deeply flawed and poses a significant unnecessary and unaccept-able risk to the security of our Nation and, quite frankly, the world. The high percentage of reengagement clearly exposes the fact that we have just simply failed to properly identify the threat posed by transferred detain-ees and provide necessary safeguards to protect our citizens—safeguards that should have been in place before one single transfer ever took place. Given the dire national security im-plications posed by these detainee transfers, I, along with 23 of my col-leagues in this House, sent a letter last week to President Obama requesting to see the terms of agreements made with countries where detainees have and will be transferred. There are 55 countries, by the way, including the likes of Yemen, Somalia, Pakistan, Libya, Iraq, and Iran. Yemen, really? Libya is a failed state— which we may have had a great part in creating—and we are sending terrorists there to be detained? Think about it. What incentive would it take for you to bring a terrorist to your country? to your neighborhood? to your home? In particular, I am interested in the agreements’ provisions to mitigate the inherent danger posed by detainee transfers. Specifically, what were the provisions aimed at preventing re-engagement? Were there any? How did we ensure accountability by the home countries? What did these nations do to prevent contact with known terrorists, especially in countries that are full of terrorists, like Yemen or Somalia? How did we ensure these countries offer no form of aid and assistance to ter-rorist organizations? The President says detaining these people is a recruiting magnet. Well, I wonder if we shouldn’t detain gang members in our country. It is a right of passage to go to prison if you are in a gang. Should we let them all out, too? According to that logic, incarcerating them creates more of them. He also says that detaining them in-definitely, without a trial, violates America’s principles. You know what? He is right. You ought to ask your-selves as taxpayers: Why did we pay millions of dollars for a state-of-the- art court facility for sensitive and top- secret information during a trial, and yet no one has been put on trial? It is right there next to the detention facil-ity. I walked through it myself. Why can’t the military tribunals take place so we can find out what the deal is with these people and have them incarcer-ated correctly or set them free? It doesn’t happen at all. President Obama declared to Amer-ica in 2013 that his administration is ‘‘the most transparent administration in history.’’ I will take some issue with that. Despite that fact, the President has clearly not lived up to this stand-ard recently. I sincerely hope that the President will give his promise of transparency higher priority than the priority given to unilaterally closing GTMO as part of a final-year, legacy-driven agenda. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.008 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH658 February 10, 2016 
not about his agenda. It is about the security of our Nation. It should be about the security of the world. These folks should not be let out. They should be given due process. They cer-tainly shouldn’t be sent to countries that are terrorist in nature. Finally, the American people should know what the deal is. How much is this costing? Are we sending arms to these countries? What are the arrange-ments? There are 55 countries. Why would they take these terrorists? 
f 
RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL BOY SCOUTS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this past Monday, Feb-ruary 8, is recognized by many as Na-tional Boy Scouts Day, marking the in-corporation of the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica 106 years ago. I have spent close to four decades as a scoutmaster, Juniata Valley Boy Scout Council executive board member and council president, and as a scout-ing dad. My wife and I are scouting parents, with three sons we are very proud of who are Eagle Scouts today. In my own scouting experience, I was honored to become one of just 2,000 people, since 1969, to receive the na-tional Distinguished Eagle Scout Award. It was my experience in scouting that first sparked my interest in public service—in the vein of the Boy Scout promise, which urges us, in part, to do our duty to God, to our country, and in the service of other people. Scouting got its start around the turn of the last century, thanks to the efforts of British Army Officer Robert Stephenson Smyth Baden-Powell. As Scouting history has it, in 1909, a Chicago businessman, a publisher, Wil-liam D. Boyce, who actually grew up in western Pennsylvania, lost his way in a dense fog in London. b1045 A young boy came to his aid, guiding Mr. Boyce to his destination. And in the end, when Mr. Boyce offered that young boy a tip, a coin, the boy refused the tip offered by Mr. Boyce stating: Sir, I am a Scout, and Scouts do not take rewards for doing good turns. Well, that young boy was a Scout. We don’t know his identity today, but he certainly has changed our country. That single act of volunteerism gave birth to what became the Boy Scouts of America, incorporated in 1910. In 2013, there were more than 2.6 mil-lion members of the Boy Scouts of America. The program today serves not just boys, but also girls in our Scout-ing Venturing program. In a time which has, in many ways, been highlighted by a decline of vol-unteerism and criticism of perhaps our younger newest generations, I know that our Nation’s future is in good hands with those who live and dedicate themselves to the Scout Oath or the Scout Promise, which they state at the beginning of every meeting and they end with. The words since that time are: ‘‘On my honor, I will do my best to do my duty to God and my country and to obey the Scout Law; to help other people at all times; to keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight.’’ Scouting prepares youth to be pro-ductive and successful members of the workforce. The program introduces our youth to countless career opportuni-ties, including the STEM fields. As a Scout Master for almost three decades, I have seen these 11-year-old youths, until the time they become 18 and go on into life, the career paths they were exposed to for the first time—whether it was medicine, or teaching, or professional fire fighting, or across the board—through the Scouting experience. What employer would not benefit from an employee with practical exposure from an orga-nization that emphasizes values, serv-ice, and leadership? Scouting fosters the values that make communities strong and pre-ferred for families to set down roots and to contribute. Scouting offers the world’s finest leadership training for adults and youth, leadership training that can be generalized to any occupations, includ-ing the United States House of Rep-resentatives. As frequently said, ‘‘Scouting is out-ing.’’ Scouting is the youth leadership program that is grounded, not just in values, but in the beauty and the na-ture of the outdoors, building apprecia-tion and respect for God’s creation and for active lives, for being physically ac-tive, that is so desperately needed today. Now it is my hope that this wonder-ful organization continues to con-tribute to the lives of young men and young ladies for generations to come. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG EPIDEMIC IN WEST VIRGINIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, every morning, countless West Virginians wake up fearing that they lost a loved one to drugs the night before; and every morning, far too many West Virginians find this fear has come true. The prescription drug abuse epidemic in our State is a tragedy that we can-not afford to ignore. It ravages our communities, rips families apart, stunts the development of our youth, and further ruptures our State’s al-ready ailing economy. Overuse of prescription pain medica-tion is one of the leading causes of opioid addiction. When a patient has more narcotic pain medication than they need after a medical event, this excess medication can fall into the wrong hands; and a narcotic pain medi-cation in the wrong hands often leads to addiction. In fact, the National In-stitute on Drug Abuse has found that 1 in 15 people who take nonmedical pre-scription pain relievers will try heroin. Last year, the number of fatal overdoses from prescription painkillers increased by 16 percent and, from her-oin, 28 percent in the United States. In West Virginia, the story is even worse. According to a recent study by the Trust for America’s Health, the Moun-tain State has the highest rate of over-dose deaths in the entire United States. This issue is above party politics. It is a plague that all Americans must come together to solve. That is why, yesterday, I introduced H.R. 4499, the Promoting Responsible Opioid Pre-scribing Act. This bipartisan bill strikes a harmful provision of ObamaCare that places unnecessary pressure on doctors and hospitals to prescribe narcotic pain medicine. This concern was brought to my at-tention while meeting with doctors and other healthcare professional workers in Charleston, West Virginia, who are active in our State’s medical society. In other words, this was their idea. I thank them for bringing this to my at-tention, and I encourage others to bring any ideas to help fight back against the opium epidemic to your local Congressman. In 2006, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CMS, and the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices developed a survey called the Hos-pital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems, pronounced ‘‘H-caps,’’ for short. HCAHPS is a standardized survey used to measure patient perspectives and satisfaction on the care they receive in hospital settings. At first, hospitals used this survey on an optional basis. However, when ObamaCare became law in 2010, it put in place ‘‘pay for performance’’ provi-sions that use these survey results as a factor in calculating Medicare reim-bursement rates for physicians and hospitals on quality measures. This provision of ObamaCare was in-tended to save money and to force im-provements on hospital performance. However, it has led to unintended con-sequences in the area of pain manage-ment. The HCAHPS survey contains three questions on pain management: One, during this hospital stay, did you need medicine for pain? Two, during this hospital stay, how often was your pain well-controlled? Three, during this hospital stay, how often did the hospital staff do every-thing they could to help you with your pain? Because of the tie to reimbursement, hospitals and physicians are pressured 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.010 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H659 February 10, 2016 
to perform well under HCAHPS, includ-ing the pain management questions. However, doctors, not the Federal Gov-ernment, know how best to treat pa-tients, and that includes the question of how best to use narcotic pain medi-cation. The PROP Act would remove these pain management questions from con-sideration when CMS is conducting re-imbursement analysis. However, the patient would still answer the survey questions so that hospitals can mon-itor patient satisfaction. By severing the relationship between HCAHPS questions on pain manage-ment and reimbursement, doctors would no longer feel the undue pressure to overprescribe opioid narcotics to people they believe may be abusing it. This simple change will help reduce ac-cess to narcotic pain medication for patients who do not need it, thereby re-ducing the risk of addiction. I would like to take the time to thank the bipartisan cosponsors of this bill: A
NNIE KUSTER , Chairman H AL R
OGERS , S TEPHEN LYNCH , F RANK  G
UINTA , TIMRYAN, and B ARBARA COM-
STOCK . Our bill has been endorsed by the American Medical Association and the American Society of Addiction Medi-cine. I encourage my colleagues in the House to consider cosponsoring my bill, H.R. 4499, the PROP Act. 
f 
DISAPPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) for 5 minutes. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, on Au-gust 14, 2004, David Sneddon, a student at Brigham Young University, dis-appeared without explanation while hiking in the Yunnan province of southwest China. David is an outstanding young man who speaks fluent Korean and had spent the summer studying Mandarin in Beijing, with plans to return to the U.S. in August to finish his degree in Chinese. He had already paid a housing deposit and registered to take the Law School Admission Test. The U.S. State Department and the Chinese Government eventually con-cluded that David fell into a gorge while hiking, but David’s family con-ducted their own exhaustive investiga-tion, with David’s father and two older brothers flying to China shortly after his disappearance to retrace his steps. In the course of talking with numer-ous eyewitnesses, David’s family dis-covered facts which contradict the offi-cial explanation and which, I believe, are compelling evidence of another pos-sibility, which I will get to in just a moment. My staff and I met David’s family and heard his story soon after I was elected 3 years ago. The Sneddons are remarkable people of great faith who have continued to pursue an expla-nation for David’s disappearance for the past 11 years. The resolution I am introducing today regarding David’s disappearance is a result of the hard work and dili-gence of David’s parents, siblings, and cousins. They deserve answers. They deserve to have their government do everything possible to determine what happened to David. I should also add that David’s story is personal to me. He was a close friend of my oldest son, Sean. In fact, fol-lowing David’s 2-year missionary serv-ice in South Korea, David taught my son Sean the Korean language as he was preparing to begin his own mis-sionary service in South Korea. Though I have not met David, I am grateful for the impact he had on Sean’s life. Over the past 3 years, I have had var-ious opportunities to meet with State Department personnel to discuss Da-vid’s disappearance. They are good peo-ple, and I commend them for their help, particularly in the immediate aftermath of his disappearance when they repeatedly pressured the Chinese Government to pursue the various leads identified by David’s family. However, I am concerned that bu-reaucratic inertia has made the State Department complacent in this case. I am concerned the State Department leadership has not done all they can do to pursue all of the possible expla-nations for his disappearance. One of the unexplored possibilities is that David was abducted by agents of the North Korean regime, something which a number of respected experts on North Korea have advanced in recent years. While this may sound like an outlandish theory to those unfamiliar with North Korea’s history, it is be-coming very plausible when you under-stand the regime’s long history of ab-ducting foreign citizens to use in train-ing their own foreign agents. For many years, North Korea sys-tematically kidnapped Japanese citi-zens and used captives to train their intelligence operatives in Japanese language and culture. The regime fi-nally admitted to the abductions in 2002 and returned five of the Japanese citizens. There are numerous other facts which, when combined, make North Korea’s involvement conceivable. North Korean agents are known to operate in Yunnan Province, a common area for those escaping North Korea into Southeast Asia. David disappeared during a long time of heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea, just weeks after this House passed the North Korean Human Rights Act. And David disappeared 1 month after North Korea released Charles Jenkins, an American deserter from the Korean war being held and used precisely as the abducted Japanese citizens: as a language teacher for North Korean military cadets and spies. Jenkins was the last of the known Americans being held for this purpose, and it is possible the regime needed a replacement for him. Just this past Sunday, North Korea’s rocket launch, in defiance of sanctions and against explicit counsel of the international community, reminded us that North Korea doesn’t operate on the same norms that guide diplomacy for most of the rest of the world. They are a criminal enterprise more than a government, and they can do nothing for their own people, let alone for other nations. Mr. Speaker, I don’t raise the possi-bility regarding David Sneddon’s dis-appearance lightly, and I didn’t spon-sor this resolution lightly. I recognize the words we speak on foreign policy have consequences far beyond this room. But David is the only American to disappear in China without expla-nation since the normalization of rela-tions during the Nixon administration. This is not a fact to be taken lightly. My resolution lays out the facts of his disappearance and asks three essential actions by the State Department and intelligence community: First, that they continue to inves-tigate and consider all possible expla-nations for David’s disappearance, in-cluding potential abduction by North Korea; Second, that they coordinate their efforts with the Governments of Japan, South Korea, and particularly China, the country known to have at least some influence over North Korea; And finally, that they keep the Con-gress and the Sneddon family informed of these efforts. I would like to thank Senator LEEfor sponsoring the companion bill in the Senate, and the rest of the Utah dele-gation for joining me as cosponsors. I think I can speak for the delegation when I say that David’s family de-serves a thorough effort from their own government to discover what happened to him. This is the very least that we can ask. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 58 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.012 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH660 February 10, 2016 
May Your special blessings be upon the Members of this assembly as re-sults from another primary election re-verberate through our political land-scape. Give them wisdom and charity, that they might work together, with needed focus, for the common good. As the candidates now move on to other contests, may all Americans hear the call to responsible citizenship, learning the substance of candidates’ positions and plans for the future of our Nation. May we all do our home-work so that our experiment in rep-resentative democracy might flourish and all would take pride in the govern-ment to be constructed from our votes. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PETERS led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
OUR BORDER IS NOT SECURE (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, new reports from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security show a surge in illegal immigration, 30 per-cent, actually. Last Friday I returned to McAllen, Texas, to tour the Rio Grande River by boat and see our secu-rity challenges firsthand, something President Obama has refused to do. Let me be clear. Our border is not se-cure. Obama’s amnesty is devastating for Texas, particularly its border cit-ies, but the problems far exceed our border. This affects the whole country. It undermines the safety of all Ameri-cans and hurts law-abiding taxpayers. My most sacred duty is to protect our homeland and every citizen in it. I spent 29 years as a fighter pilot and 7 as a POW doing just that. Rest assured, I will continue to fight to keep Amer-ica safe. GUN VIOLENCE MYTHS (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last Sunday 5 people were killed and 25 in-jured in four mass shootings in New York, Florida, Illinois, and Mississippi. Yet, Congress has done nothing to re-duce gun violence in America. While this is happening, opponents to commonsense, responsible gun safety legislation are spreading misinforma-tion and sharing myths, myths such as: criminals don’t exploit loopholes to buy guns; there is no gun show loop-hole; the assault weapons ban that was previously in place didn’t work; and strong gun laws don’t reduce gun crimes. It is time that we start calling out these myths and correcting the record with the facts. In the coming days, I will be doing just that on my Web site and through social media to help build support for commonsense, responsible gun safety legislation. After all, Mr. Speaker, facts should guide us in doing our work and doing all that we can to reduce gun violence in America. f 
HONORING PASTOR MICHAEL MOORE (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Pas-tor Michael Moore for his many years of service to the Manteca community. After 29 years at Crossroads Grace Community Church, Pastor Mike is re-tiring from his role as senior leader. Almost 50 years ago, Pastor Mike married the love of his life, Grace, and together they started a church where everyone could feel welcome. In 1987, Crossroads Grace Community began with a Bible study group led by Pastor Mike made up of 17 members. The church grew to encompass Pastor Mike’s and Grace’s vision of a casual atmosphere, practical and relevant teachings, with contemporary worship. Pastor Mike led the congregation in working with local churches to estab-lish the Hope Family Shelter and pro-vide housing to homeless families. The church also established a mobile med-ical clinic to provide free medical serv-ice for those in need and has sent teams to respond to global disasters such as Hurricane Katrina, the tsu-nami in Asia, and the Oklahoma torna-does. The church has also sent mission-aries to many corners of the globe. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recog-nizing Pastor Michael Moore and his unwavering leadership in our commu-nity and many accomplishments around the globe. VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Spanish Fork, Utah, January 16, 2014: Marie King, 55 years old. Kelly Boren, 32. Joshua Boren, 7 years old. Haley Boren, 5. Holly Hill, South Carolina, July 15, 2015: Jerome Butler, 50 years old. Krystal Hutto, 28 years old. Shamekia Sanders, 17. Tamara Perry, 14. Saco, Maine, July 26, 2014: Heather Smith, 35. Jason Montez, 12 years old. Noah Montez, 7. Lily Smith, 4 years old. Culpeper, Virginia, August 3, 2014: Shauna Washington, 35 years old. Onesha Washington, 13. Onya Washington, 6. Olivia Washington, 4. Callison, South Carolina, October 29, 2013: Richard Fields, 51 years old. Melissa Fields, 49. Chandra Fields, 26. William Robinson, 9 years old. Tariq Robinson, 9 years old. f 
BLUE RIBBON STUDY PANEL (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week I was grateful to chair the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities hearing to re-ceive outside views on biodefense for the Department of Defense and review the bipartisan report of the Blue Rib-bon Study Panel on Biodefense. Chaired by former Senator Joe Lie-berman and former Governor and Sec-retary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge, the panel evaluated the status of prevention, deterrence, prepared-ness, detection, response, attribution, recovery, and mitigation of our Na-tion’s biodefense. The report was clear. Our Nation faces a complex threat from both bio-logical weapons and naturally occur-ring diseases. For example, the recent response to the Ebola outbreak dem-onstrates the importance of the De-partment of Defense’s biodefense con-tributions to broader government and global efforts. I am grateful that the former Attor-ney General Ken Wainstein and Dr. Gerald Parker, both members of the panel, were there testifying before the subcommittee. I look forward to work-ing with the Department of Defense to implement the findings and rec-ommendations. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.013 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H661 February 10, 2016 
PEOPLE OF FLINT, MICHIGAN, ARE STRONG (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my home-town is Flint, Michigan. When we leave here at the end of every week, I fly home to Flint. This is a very proud community. It is the birthplace of Gen-eral Motors. It is where the UAW work-ers sat down in 1936 to get the first UAW contract to help build the middle class. The last few decades have been tough for my community. We have taken a lot of hits, a lot of poverty, high unem-ployment, but we have always been able to get back up again as a commu-nity because there are strong people in Flint, Michigan. What has happened now in Flint is because of careless actions by State of-ficials who put dollars and cents ahead of the health of people, ahead of the health of 9,000 children. We can get back up again in Flint, but we need a State response far more robust than what has been rec-ommended by Michigan’s Governor and we need help from the Federal Govern-ment. These people are American citi-zens. If the State won’t act to make it right for the people of Flint, we need our Federal Government to do every-thing in its power to help these people and help Flint get back up again. 
f 
HAMILTON CITY, CALIFORNIA, LEVEE PROTECTION (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it is budget season in Washington, D.C., and one of the things that should be in the budget is infrastructure. I am glad to hear that the President has included $8.5 million in funding to replace the badly degraded levees on the Sac-ramento River near Hamilton City, California. Flood danger has forced evacuation of Hamilton City six times since 1980. The existing levee project provides only 10-year flood event protection when the standard really should be 200- year flood event protection. Working with local residents who have contributed their own money and resources to the project, we secured over $12 million in Federal funding so far. Mr. Speaker, this year’s additional funding will allow major progress on a project that will protect the homes and families of over 200 north State resi-dents, finally giving Hamilton City some peace of mind. AUTOMATED COLLECTION OF USER FEES AT THE PEACE BRIDGE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the budg-et that President Obama sent to Con-gress yesterday contained a number of important proposals: more cancer re-search funding, more treatment for prescription painkiller and heroin ad-diction, and making permanent the solar investment tax credit and the new market tax credit. While these initiatives generated headlines, one small and simple provi-sion could have a significant impact on the economy of western New York. Beginning this year, at the Peace Bridge in Buffalo, Customs and Border Protection will automate the collec-tion of user fees for commercial vehi-cles. Currently fees are collected manually, which increases congestion and deters Canadians from traveling to western New York. I called for the implementation of this policy last year and am happy to see the Department of Homeland Secu-rity moved so quickly on it. By auto-mating fee collection, hiring more Cus-toms and Border Protection officers, this budget will benefit the western New York economy that is dependent on commerce via the Peace Bridge. f 
CONGENITAL HEART FUTURES REAUTHORIZATION ACT (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as Feb-ruary is recognized as Heart Month, I rise on behalf of the nearly 40,000 ba-bies born each year with congenital heart defects, CHD. CHD is the most common birth defect and the number one cause of birth defect-related deaths. A few decades ago babies born with CHD were not living into adulthood. Now, due to continued investment and research and a series of medical break-throughs, 90 percent of babies born with CHD are living into adulthood. Let’s makes it 100 percent. There is still work to be done, and we must ensure these efforts to improve the lives of those with CHD continue. This is why I introduced the Con-genital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, to spend CHD research, raise awareness of the importance of special-ized care, and ensure important re-search continues. We must advance this legislation for the millions of Americans who need our help. 
f 
b1215 AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the success of the Affordable Care Act. The numbers are in and, once again, millions of Americans signed up for quality affordable health coverage. More than 12.7 million Americans se-lected plans through the health insur-ance marketplaces—4 million, or 42 percent, of whom were new customers this year. People want coverage. And, thanks to the ACA, millions can now have the security of knowing they won’t go bankrupt if they get sick or have an accident, can’t be denied coverage be-cause of a preexisting condition, and have access to preventative and pri-mary care services at little to no out- of-pocket cost. In the 29th District that I am proud to represent, 55,000 residents fall into the expansion gap and have no insur-ance because States haven’t expanded Medicaid. It is time for Texas and other States to do the right thing and recognize that health care is essential for some of our poorest families by ex-panding Medicaid. The Affordable Care Act is here to stay. I hope Congress will move past repeal attempts and start talking about how we can make the Affordable Care Act work even better for the American people. I stand ready to work with my colleagues on this critical issue. f 
IT IS TIME TO RELEASE ZHU YUFU ONCE AND FOR ALL (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today yet again in need of bringing the world’s attention to the plight of Zhu Yufu. Four years ago today, this democ-racy advocate was unjustly sentenced by the Chinese Government to 7 years behind bars, following previous imprisonments. His tireless advocacy for democratic rights, freedom of speech, and the rule of law is worthy of praise. Yet the Chinese Government has harassed and jailed him numerous times on faulty charges. Yufu is in poor health. He is not able to stand without support. He has coro-nary heart disease and a coronary ar-tery tumor, in addition to other ail-ments. Yet Chinese authorities refuse to provide him with medical care or medication. Further, they have forced him to do hard labor and have caused the job losses of his family members. This Saturday, Zhu Yufu turns 63 years old. The least the Chinese Gov-ernment can do is provide him with proper medical treatment, improve his living conditions, and leave his family alone. If China is serious about dem-onstrating any legitimate leadership, it should release him and the hundreds of others like him immediately. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.014 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH662 February 10, 2016 
MURDERED FOR THEIR FAITH (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, today marks 1 year since three young Ameri-cans were killed, I believe, for their faith. I think the evidence supports that. On February 10, 2015, Deah Barakat, Yusor Abu-Salha, and Razan Abu-Salha were murdered in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. They were shot and killed be-cause of their faith. They were Muslim. Yusor was a graduate of North Caro-lina State University, and planned on enrolling at UNC Chapel Hill School of Dentistry, where her husband, Deah, was studying to become a dentist. Razan, Yusor’s sister, was a student at NCSU as well. She was only 19. These murders are heartbreaking. They should be heartbreaking to every American. They show us the stark re-ality that bigotry is alive and well and that good people have to stand against it. Hate speech and scapegoating have real life consequences. Children are bullied in school, houses of worship are vandalized, and people are killed for the way they dress or how they pray. This should end now. 
f 
HONORING VERNITA TODD, CEO OF HEART CITY HEALTH CENTER (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and pay tribute to a champion of public health in my dis-trict as she moves to California to con-tinue her work serving the public. As chief executive officer of Heart City Health Center in Elkhart, Indiana, Vernita Todd has tirelessly advocated on behalf of others. Over the last 10 years, she has led the Center in achiev-ing its mission of contributing to the health of our community by providing access to high-quality and accessible health care. Vernita has received national rec-ognition for her role in prioritizing ad-vocacy as a crucial component to Heart City Health Center’s mission. Whether at the city, State, or Federal level, the impact of her work can surely be felt by thousands. On behalf of the people of Indiana’s Second Congressional District, I thank Vernita Todd for her contributions to improving thousands of lives through-out the northern Indiana community and the country as a whole. I wish her the best of luck in her future endeav-ors. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 10, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 10, 2016 at 9:25 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2109. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 1428. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
SAFE DRINKING WATER ACT IM-PROVED COMPLIANCE AWARE-NESS ACT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4470) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the require-ments related to lead in drinking water, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4470 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Safe Drink-ing Water Act Improved Compliance Aware-ness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENFORCEMENT OF DRINKING WATER REGULATIONS. 
Section 1414(c) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)) is amended— (1) in the header, by inserting ‘‘S
TATES , 
THE ADMINISTRATOR , AND’’ before ‘‘P ERSONS  S
ERVED ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(F)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Notice of any exceedance at the 90th percentile of a lead action level in a regula-tion promulgated under section 1412.’’; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (E)’’; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the header, by striking ‘‘V
IOLATIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘N
OTICE OF VIOLATIONS ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, and each exceedance de-scribed in paragraph (1)(D),’’ after ‘‘for each violation’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘or exceedance’’ after ‘‘Each notice of violation’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘or exceedance’’ after ‘‘the violation’’ each place it appears; and (iv) in clause (iv)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘broadcast media’’ and inserting ‘‘media, including broadcast media,’’; (II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘in a newspaper of general circulation serving the area’’ and inserting ‘‘for circulation in the affected area, includ-ing in a newspaper of general circulation serving the area,’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘or the date of publication of the next issue of the newspaper’’; and (III) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘in lieu of notification by means of broadcast media or newspaper’’; (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) NOTICE BY ADMINISTRATOR .—If, after 24 hours after the Administrator’s notification under subsection (a)(1)(A), the State with primary enforcement responsibility or the owner or operator of the public water system has not issued a notice that is required under subparagraph (C) for an exceedance described in paragraph (1)(D), the Administrator shall issue such required notice pursuant to this paragraph.’’; (4) in paragraph (3)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) and’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A),’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (E) of paragraph (2), and notices issued by the Administrator with respect to public water systems serving Indian Tribes under subparagraph (D) of such paragraph’’; (5) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘the terms’’ and inserting ‘‘the terms ‘action level’,’’; and (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and (IV)’’ and inserting ‘‘(IV) the action level for the contaminant, and (V)’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) E
XCEEDANCE OF SAFE LEAD LEVEL .— ‘‘(A) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall, in col-laboration with owners and operators of pub-lic water systems and States, establish a strategic plan for how the Administrator, a State with primary enforcement responsi-bility, and owners and operators of public water systems shall conduct targeted out-reach, education, technical assistance, and risk communication to populations affected by lead in a public water system, including dissemination of information described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) EPA 
INITIATION OF NOTICE .— ‘‘(i) F
ORWARDING OF DATA BY EMPLOYEE OF  
EPA.—If the Environmental Protection Agen-cy develops or receives, from a source other than the State or the public water system, data, which meets the requirements of sec-tion 1412(b)(3)(A)(ii), indicating that the drinking water of a person served by a public water system contains a level of lead that exceeds a lead action level promulgated under section 1412, the Administrator shall require an appropriate employee of the Agency to forward such data to the owner or operator of the public water system and to the State in which the exceedance occurred within a time period established by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(ii) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION BY  
OWNER OR OPERATOR .—If an owner or oper-ator of a public water system receives a no-tice under clause (i), the owner or operator, within a time period established by the Ad-ministrator, shall disseminate to affected persons the information described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(iii) C
ONSULTATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.016 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H663 February 10, 2016 
‘‘(I) D EADLINE .—With respect to an exceed-ance at the 90th percentile of a lead action level in a regulation promulgated under sec-tion 1412, if the owner or operator of the pub-lic water system does not disseminate, in the time period established by the Adminis-trator, the information described in subpara-graph (C), as required under clause (ii), not later than 24 hours after becoming aware of such failure to disseminate, the Adminis-trator shall consult, within a period not to exceed 24 hours, with the applicable Gov-ernor to develop a plan, in accordance with the strategic plan, to disseminate such infor-mation to affected persons within 24 hours of the end of such consultation period. ‘‘(II) D
ELEGATION .—The Administrator may only delegate the duty to consult under this clause to an employee of the Environmental Protection Agency who is working in the Of-fice of Water, at the headquarters of the Agency, at the time of such delegation. ‘‘(iv) D
ISSEMINATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .— The Administrator shall, as soon as reason-ably possible, disseminate to affected per-sons the information described subparagraph (C) if— ‘‘(I) the Administrator and the applicable Governor do not agree on a plan described in clause (iii)(I) during the consultation period under such clause; or ‘‘(II) the applicable Governor does not dis-seminate the information within 24 hours of the end of such consultation period. ‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—Information required to be disseminated under this para-graph shall include a clear explanation of the exceedance of a lead action level, its poten-tial adverse effects on human health, the steps that the owner or operator of the pub-lic water system is taking to correct the ex-ceedance, and the necessity of seeking alter-native water supplies until the exceedance is corrected. ‘‘(6) P
RIVACY .—Any notice under this sub-section to the public or an affected person shall protect the privacy of individual cus-tomer information.’’. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON USE OF LEAD PIPES, SOLDER, AND FLUX. 
Section 1417 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–6) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a)(2)(A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) I
DENTIFICATION AND NOTICE .—Each owner or operator of a public water system shall identify and provide notice to persons who may be affected by— ‘‘(I) lead contamination of their drinking water where such contamination results from— ‘‘(aa) the lead content in the construction materials of the public water distribution system; or ‘‘(bb) corrosivity of the water supply suffi-cient to cause leaching of lead; or ‘‘(II) an exceedance at the 90th percentile of a lead action level in a regulation promul-gated under section 1412. ‘‘(ii) M
ANNER AND FORM .—Notice under this paragraph shall be provided in such manner and form as may be reasonably required by the Administrator. Notwithstanding clause (i)(II), notice under this paragraph shall be provided notwithstanding the absence of a violation of any national drinking water standard.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The requirements’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Enforcement of such requirements shall be carried out by a State with primary enforce-ment responsibility or the Administrator, as appropriate. ‘‘(B) NOTIFICATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—In the case of an exceedance described in sub-section (a)(2)(A)(i)(II), if the public water system or the State in which the public water system is located does not notify the persons who may be affected by such exceed-ance in accordance with subsection (a)(2), the Administrator shall notify such persons of such exceedance in accordance with sub-section (a)(2), including notification of the relevant concentrations of lead. Such notice shall protect the privacy of individual cus-tomer information.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
UBLIC EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall make information available to the public re-garding lead in drinking water, including in-formation regarding— ‘‘(A) risks associated with lead in drinking water; ‘‘(B) the likelihood that drinking water in a residence may contain lead; ‘‘(C) steps States, public water systems, and consumers can take to reduce the risks of lead; and ‘‘(D) the availability of additional re-sources that consumers can use to minimize lead exposure, including information on how to sample for lead in drinking water. ‘‘(2) V
ULNERABLE POPULATIONS .—In making information available to the public under this subsection, the Administrator shall carry out targeted outreach strategies that focus on educating groups within the general population that may be at greater risk than the general population of adverse health ef-fects from exposure to lead in drinking water.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I wish we weren’t here today. I wish this bill was not nec-essary, but it is. Our hearts go out to the folks of Flint, Michigan. The sys-tem let them down at every level. That is, frankly, unacceptable. All folks want is the peace of mind that their government is looking out for their best interest and that their water is safe. This bill is the first step. Imagine if you went to draw a cup of cold water from your kitchen faucet and suddenly had to think about whether it is safe to drink or not. Now put yourself into the shoes of a parent whose son or daughter has already taken a drink from that faucet. Or, you made coffee or infant formula. What health risk has your child already been exposed to? What do we do now? How can we expect a family to live life day- to-day without safe drinking water? And, after all those initial concerns, you begin asking yourself: How is this situation possible in the 21st century in the United States of America? We have been seeking answers to that question from EPA, from the State of Michigan, and from others. In the meantime, we know that part of the answer—certainly, not the whole story—is that there was a terrible breakdown in communication at every level of government. It is sickening and it breaks your heart that thousands of kids indeed could be at risk, being poisoned from faucets that they thought were safe. Government officials knew there was serious cause for concern and failed to inform the people of Flint. Many of those officials did not even seem to be effectively communicating and sharing data among themselves. The EPA regional office was not tell-ing headquarters about everything, the State was not telling EPA everything, and we don’t know yet what the city of Flint was telling the State or EPA. That has got to be fixed—and it has got to be fixed now. b1230 The Safe Drinking Water Act Im-proved Compliance Awareness Act en-sures that the public learns of exces-sive lead levels in their drinking water by setting forth how and when States, EPA, and public water utilities com-municate their findings. The bill also strengthens public noti-fication rules when lead levels are ex-ceeded. Individual consumers will be told when their own house tests posi-tive for lead problems. And if the com-munity or States fail to notify the pub-lic, EPA will step in and do so. They are required to do that. The bill also requires EPA to create a strategic plan for handling and im-proving information flow among water utilities, the States, EPA, and affected drinking water consumers before there is an enforceable lead exceedance in drinking water. Let me repeat that: be-fore lead levels get too high. Finally, this bipartisan bill requires consumer notification when water being transported in a lead pipe is so corrosive that, in fact, it could leach into public drinking water. I want to thank all Members of the House for their support, especially my Michigan colleagues, every one of which, from both parties, signed as an original cosponsor of this legislation. I want to particularly thank Mr. K
IL-
DEE, a friend, who led this effort. I thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee, particu-larly F
RANK PALLONE , JOHN SHIMKUS , and P
AULTONKO , for their advice, col-laboration, and support. I also want to thank two McCarthys, K
EVIN MCCARTHY , for scheduling this at almost a moment’s notice, and my lead counsel on this legislation, Dave McCarthy, who helped write and im-prove the bill as it was originally in-troduced. What is said on this floor today will not do anything to ease the mind of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.004 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH664 February 10, 2016 
parent in Flint. The entire situation breaks your heart, but we have a re-sponsibility, working together as Re-publicans and Democrats, to fix the problem. This bill is an important step. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 4470, the Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act, introduced last week by our colleague Representa-tive K
ILDEE , with the support of other members of the Michigan delegation. This bill would strengthen require-ments to have the EPA notify the pub-lic when concentrations of lead exceed Federal standards. That is notifying the public. While I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to support it, far more than this is needed to address the many failings that led to the tragic cir-cumstances that are still being experi-enced by the residents of Flint, Michi-gan, a situation that has drawn the Na-tion’s attention and drawn compassion for children and their families. This should never have occurred in any city in our Nation. As with any such tragic failure, there is an attempt to assess blame. Well, ac-countability is important. Those who failed in their responsibility should be held accountable. But no one here has yet taken re-sponsibility for our part, Congress’ part, in this event. Collectively, this Congress as well as many previous Con-gresses have failed to maintain Federal support for the maintenance and im-provements of our water infrastruc-ture. We have been underfunding these sys-tems for decades. The poor condition of the water treatment and distribution system in Flint set the stage for this tragedy. We are doing this in an attempt to save money. Well, in fact, we are wast-ing many millions of dollars more by allowing essential infrastructure to de-teriorate to the extent where a con-stant stream of emergency responses and repairs are required to keep these systems working. Finally, we need to do something for the people of Flint. The State of Michi-gan and President Obama’s administra-tion have both begun to mobilize re-sources to deal with the immediate need for safe drinking water, and they are working to eliminate lead from the water distribution system. But we still don’t know if essential corrosion con-trol can be reestablished. And bottled water does not solve Flint’s problems. The residents of Flint need a fully functioning public water system that delivers safe, clean water to their homes, to their schools, and to their businesses. We need to work with the State of Michigan to make that happen. We need to care for the people who were exposed to lead, especially our children, who are most vulnerable to lead exposure. They need treatment and sustained assistance to deal with the health problems they may experi-ence as a result of this manmade dis-aster. The conditions that enabled this cri-sis to happen are not unique to Flint. And while this bill is a first step to help communities that may face these problems in the future, it cannot be our last step. We must embrace our re-sponsibility to support Federal invest-ment in drinking water systems. The public health and future pros-perity of the people of Flint and thou-sands of other communities across our great Nation are continuing to suffer from the concerns and are counting on our progressive actions. I look forward to continuing this discussion. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), a cosponsor of the bill. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking my friends, D
AN K
ILDEE and Chairman U PTON , for their work on this bipartisan legislation and ensuring a swift congressional response to the ongoing water crisis in Flint, Michigan. What have we learned, and what will we do both now and into the future, Mr. Speaker, is the question. What happened in Flint is not a nat-ural disaster. It is a human disaster and a failure of government at every level. In my questioning at last week’s Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing, it became very clear that individuals with the EPA knew about the high lead levels in the drinking water for months but failed to communicate this information to the people of Flint, even under repeated Freedom of Information Act requests. The bill we are considering today takes important steps to strengthen Federal requirements on the EPA to notify the public when concentrations of lead in drinking water are above Federal requirements. I am glad the entire Michigan delega-tion is backing this bill; and I am com-mitted to continuing to work together to get answers and help the families in Flint who need clean water and, for that matter, Mr. Speaker, learning from this for the families in the entire United States to make sure that this doesn’t happen to them as well. Mr. Speaker, in America, in the 21st century, children should not have to worry about safe and clean drinking water. The Flint water crisis never should have happened, and we must take action to ensure it never happens again. Making things right must be a coop-erative effort at every level, and this bill takes important steps to ensure proper coordination going forward. I offer all of my support, all of my as-sistance, all of my help and my votes to make sure this happens. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. KILDEE ), who has carried the concern and the emotion of this situa-tion as the Representative in the House of Flint, Michigan. His energetic ef-forts, his determination, his obvious passion for getting this done, getting some relief, the relief essential for Flint done, is tremendously moving. Mr. KILDEE. I thank Mr. T
ONKO for his comments and his support and lead-ership on this issue. And I would like him to please ex-tend my thanks to Ranking Member P
ALLONE for his effort and his support. I know he is dealing with a difficult time himself right now, and we extend our best wishes to him. I want to thank all of my Michigan colleagues for joining as original co-sponsors of this legislation; and I par-ticularly thank Chairman U
PTON for his help, his guidance, his assistance and, really, collaboration on getting a piece of legislation put together that we think is very helpful in preventing another situation such as what has oc-curred in my hometown from ever hap-pening again in the United States. I again thank Mr. U
PTON for his as-sistance and leadership on this. Flint is my home. The people I rep-resent are the people I grew up with in Flint, Michigan. It is a great commu-nity. It has been through some strug-gles, for sure, in the last few decades, but we have never dealt with anything quite like this, something so funda-mental as safe drinking water that we take for granted. You turn on the faucet, as Mr. U
PTON  said, you expect the water that comes out of that faucet to be safe for your-self, for your children, to make for-mula, to cook food, to drink. And be-cause of a series of decisions that real-ly are almost incomprehensible in their impact, people in Flint, Michi-gan, can’t drink their water; 100,000 people can’t drink the water. The thing that makes me most upset—sad, yes, but also angry—is that this crisis, this situation, which will last for decades in its impact, was com-pletely avoidable. Unlike a lot of other struggles that my hometown has faced as a result of big changes in the economy—develop-ment patterns, et cetera—this was a se-ries of decisions that we can easily identify that could easily have been prevented with just more thought and more care and, in this case, a stronger set of requirements for disclosure when lead levels are elevated in a drinking water system. So this legislation is one step. It is not the total solution. We really have to deal—and I hope my colleagues will also join us—with putting together a response to the crisis being felt by the people in Flint right now. This bill, unfortunately, is too late to help them, but it can help the next Flint, perhaps. This would require the EPA to provide notice if the State agency responsible for enforcement of the clean drinking water laws does not act to provide notice to the citizens af-fected and to the water system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.019 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H665 February 10, 2016 
Let me just be clear on that. The State of Michigan, in the case of the Flint situation, has primacy in terms of enforcement of these laws. It is their obligation to ensure that the clean drinking water laws are enforced, to collect data, to do sampling and test-ing, and to provide remediation, to pro-vide intervention, if, in fact, it is not the case. So, yes, there has been a failure of government, but I think we have to take care not to attempt to create some sort of false sense of equivalency of responsibility. The city of Flint, for example, which is the most local level of government and where the water system is oper-ated, was under the control of an emer-gency manager, a State official ap-pointed to overtake operation of the city of Flint. So to the extent that the city was responsible, the city was the State in this regard. In terms of the Federal role, there was apparent confusion or disagree-ment as to whether the EPA had au-thority, absent State notification to the public of the data that they had, whether the EPA had authority to go public, to make it clear that there was a problem. This legislation addresses that. This legislation strengthens the hand of those who work at the EPA and ac-tually requires them—not simply al-lows, but requires them—to provide no-tice to the public and to a water sys-tem operator in the event that the State fails to do so. Had that happened, it would not have prevented the bad de-cisions that led to this crisis, but it would have prevented them from going on for months and months and months with no action to protect the people in Flint. This is important legislation. We need more. We need help for the people of Flint. But this is a step in the right direction in preventing what happened in Flint from happening to another community. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, might I in-quire as to how much time I have re-maining on my side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) has 111⁄2 minutes remaining. b1245 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. B
ISHOP ), again, an original co-sponsor of the bill. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I would first like to begin by thank-ing the gentleman from Flint, Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for his leadership in this matter and for raising our atten-tion to this. Also, I would like to thank Chairman U
PTON for his leadership for the Michi-gan delegation in bringing us together and putting aside any partisan dif-ferences to address a need of our great State and, also, for the children and families across our country. I have spent my entire life in the State of Michigan. I was born there and raised there. Many generations before me were the same, born and raised in Michigan. My current family, my wife and my three kids, also live in Michi-gan and will also, I am sure, see to it that their children live there as well. When I learned what happened in Flint, I was absolutely heartbroken. Frankly, it frightens me to think that a failure of this magnitude could hap-pen in the 21st century and in our State. Can you imagine not being able to drink the water from your own tap? What if you weren’t able to bathe or take a shower because of fear of what might be in the water? The anger and the frustration is palpable, and it should be. My district borders on Congressman KILDEE ’s, and I can tell you firsthand the crisis not only affects and impacts the community of Flint, but the entire Great Lakes State. For weeks I have seen local high schools, veterans groups, and con-cerned citizens—you name it—people from all over Michigan, rising up to ad-dress the crisis and to help the resi-dents, the families, and children of Flint. When it comes to local, State, and Federal leadership, we must do every-thing possible to help as well. Every single one of us here today has a duty to ensure families and children are safe and have access to the essentials, the most basic of which is clean drinking water from household faucets. Sure, we can point fingers and play the blame game. But when it comes down to fixing it, we must do so fast. We need more action than words. We need solutions. What Chairman U
PTON and Congress-man K
ILDEE have proposed is a first- step solution to ensure this won’t hap-pen again. First and foremost, this legislation makes sure the EPA will step in and notify the public when they know con-centrations of lead in drinking water are above Federal requirements. It also streamlines communication between utilities, the States, the EPA, and the affected customers. The entire delegation of the State of Michigan and Congress agree that this is a crisis. But to be clear, this is not a Democratic or Republican issue. I would say shame on anyone who at-tempts to capitalize on this issue or use the families of Flint in this crisis to further their own personal agenda. This is about common sense and deliv-ering solutions to these children and families. I ask my colleagues on behalf of both sides of the aisle to join Michigan and help us take action. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). She is an-other member of the Michigan delega-tion. Representative B
RENDA LAWRENCE  has shown great leadership in her role on the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee and, again, has been a passionate voice to address the fami-lies of Flint. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that the crisis in Flint de-mands action. I ran for Congress after serving as a mayor because I felt strongly that our government has a re-sponsibility. When you ask for a vote, you are ask-ing for the trust in our government. We betrayed the trust of our citizens when we did not provide a human need, and that is clean water. I stand here today encouraged. I ran on the premise that we need to work together as a government. I can tell you that this crisis in Flint is not a po-litical issue. It is a moral issue. It is why each of us in Congress sit here today on the vote of the people’s trust, and that is to take care of this great country. It is a moral issue, and it calls for all of us in Congress to act. Today I am standing here with a sense of hope being fulfilled that we have eliminated the aisle, and we are standing here to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4470, the Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act. This bill will ensure that EPA no-tifies communities of lead contamina-tion if State or local agencies fail to do so. That clearly is what happened in Flint. Local water authorities will have to provide notification to the public when lead contamination is a result of lead from pipes and other infrastructure leaching into the water supply. This notice will have to be provided to af-fected residents, regardless of whether any drinking water standards were vio-lated. If the operator does not notify the public—in this case, it was Michigan Environmental Quality—if they do not notify the public, then the EPA must do so. This is precisely what happened in Flint. State officials repeatedly ignored the pleas of the residents and those we are calling civic heroes from outside and experts about the lead levels. Passing this bill today will ensure that the situation in Flint—and I am joining with my Republican colleagues and Democratic—never happens again in our United States. The decision to share that type of critical information should not be based on political judg-ment. H.R. 4470 will ensure that residents acquire the information they need about their drinking water systems and give EPA the ability and responsi-bility to step in and notify residents if a State or water system fails to act. H.R. 4470 is just the first step, as we heard, in addressing our country’s drinking water infrastructure issue. I hope that we can continue to work to-gether in a bipartisan manner to en-sure that Flint never happens again. This is the first step in fixing our in-frastructure in America because other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.020 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH666 February 10, 2016 
Members of Congress have talked about lead water crises in their communities. So this is a first step. For me, this is a fulfilling day to stand here and support my colleagues, regardless of our political affiliation, and take care of the people of America. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). Again, he is a cosponsor of Mr. K
ILDEE ’s bill. Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I also want to join my Michigan col-leagues as a cosponsor of this legisla-tion and thank Representative K
ILDEE  and Chairman U
PTON for bringing this legislation forward. Our hearts go out to the people of Flint who are enduring so much and persevering during this time. It is heartwarming to see the way people across the country have come together in support of the people of Flint. The sad thing is that this situation could have been prevented and should have been prevented. The legislation we are discussing today here in the House of Representatives is because of failures in local, State, and Federal Government. The fact is that the officials at the EPA knew last April—10 months ago— that the Flint Utilities Department was not using corrosion controls, put-ting water safety at risk. Instead of alerting the public, the EPA stayed silent. When an EPA em-ployee tried to speak out, he was si-lenced. The EPA deferred to a State agency, the MDEQ, which also failed to tell the public. Last month the EPA administrator sent a memo creating a formal policy on the importance of assessing and re-sponding to critical public health issues. That the administrator had to remind employees of the importance of public health speaks to the misplaced priority of the EPA and its officials. So today we have to pass a law re-quiring the Agency to notify the public when water quality is unsafe and con-stitutes a public health threat. This legislation is a reminder to the EPA that it needs to focus on its core re-sponsibility with safe drinking water, using its authority appropriately, rath-er than overreaching outside of its ju-risdiction. This is an example of one community that has been adversely affected. Flint is not alone in this challenge, and this has ramifications all across our coun-try. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I am wait-ing for another individual to offer tes-timony. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. T
ROTT ), another cosponsor of the legislation. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Chairman U
PTON and Rep-resentative K
ILDEE for their important, bipartisan work on this issue. I rise today in support of the Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compli-ance Awareness Act. This bill is a step in the right direction to preserve and protect the health of our citizens. The legislation requires the EPA ad-ministrator to work with States and local water authorities to develop a strategic plan for addressing lead con-taminants in drinking water. This im-portant legislation will ensure that the complete failure to notify people of a health risk, which occurred in Flint, does not happen again. This is an issue that many commu-nities across our country will have to deal with as our water system infra-structure ages. We must ensure that the public is aware, our citizens are in-formed, and that our water authorities and agencies identify and take steps to prevent this level of failure from hap-pening again. Mr. Speaker, on the Federal level, it is unacceptable that the EPA, an agen-cy with a budget of over $8 billion, did not escalate its concerns over the pres-ence of lead contaminants. This is an agency that is literally paid to protect the public health and environment, and it failed. This failure may not happen again. All Americans should feel safe drinking water from their kitchen sink. This legislation is a commonsense so-lution. I urge its immediate passage. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this act. I thank the chair-man for his hard work and the commit-tee’s hard work on this bill. I will be exceedingly brief because certainly, as has been outlined by any number of different speakers, this is about a failure of government at a mul-titude of different levels, at the State, local, and Federal levels, a real failure and real consequences to the people of Flint. It is also, I think, a reminder to all of us of the significance of bracket creep in government; wherein, if everybody is involved, nobody is involved; if every-body is accountable, nobody is ac-countable. That is true of a government at a government level. It is true of a regu-latory body. The importance of clearly defined missions I think is part of what your strategic plan really gets at in this act, and I admire your work on that. I also want to just reference that this is also a reminder, a wake-up call, if you will, on the importance of watch-ing out for unsustainable political promises. I say that because, if you look at the general budget and the general fund within Flint, basically one-third of their revenue goes to pay for retiree benefits. That number by the year 2020 is going to rise to essentially 40 percent, 40 percent. I bring that up because it is indeed a wake-up call to the unsustainability of our Federal prom-ises as you look at the numbers going forward at the Federal level. So my heart goes out to the people of Flint. I think that this is an important measure going forward, but it is also an important reminder to every one of us here at the Federal level to watch out for the unsustainable promises here in Washington. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, might I in-quire how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). The gentleman from Michigan has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gen-tleman from New York has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. I appreciate all the comments and the support, espe-cially the sympathy and, really, unity with the people of my hometown of Flint. I do want to ensure, though, that we are properly characterizing the legisla-tion, its reasoning, and its impact. The legislation would actually not just require EPA to provide notice, but would require the local jurisdiction, the State agency, to provide them with the opportunity to do what they should do anyway, that is, to provide notice. Absent their willingness to do so, the EPA would then be required. It is an important distinction be-cause, in this case, the State of Michi-gan has primacy in enforcement of these rules. The EPA in the case of Flint did take action when they learned of the ele-vated lead levels. The action was to re-peatedly reach out to the Michigan De-partment of Environmental Quality and insist that they enforce the lead and copper rule. Actually, they went so far as to in-sist that they initiate corrosion con-trol, which is the mechanism by which lead leaching would have been pre-vented. b1300 Not only did the Michigan Depart-ment of Environmental Quality fail to act, they actually told the EPA almost a year ago that they actually had initi-ated corrosion control when they had not. I think it would be a mistake to cre-ate some sort of equivalency between the role of the EPA and the role of the State of Michigan in this. It was the State of Michigan that had prime re-sponsibility that failed. The EPA, while I would have pre-ferred that they had shouted from the mountaintop that they were having this problem getting the lead agency to enforce the rule, there was at least confusion as to whether or not they had the authority to do so. Even today, the State of Michigan continues to push back on the EPA’s attempts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.022 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H667 February 10, 2016 
test water to insist on enforcement. It is an important distinction to make. Regarding my friend Mr. S
ANFORD ’s comments, I appreciate his reflection on the financial situation within the city of Flint. While that is a set of questions that clearly needs attention, the truth of the matter is, had the Michigan Department of Environ-mental Quality insisted on the use of corrosion control in the Flint water system, as the law would require, the cost would have been $140 a day. All of this could have been prevented by the State simply requiring that $140 a day be spent. This legislation is important in pre-venting this from happening again so that an agency of a State that refuses to enforce the law at least can’t do so in the dark; and if the State won’t give public notice, it would require the EPA to do so. This is an important step. We have crafted this legislation to make sure that each level of government is transparent when it comes to these issues. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. In closing, let me again offer my ap-preciation to Chairman U
PTON and our ranking member, Representative P
AL-
LONE , for their leadership on this and for working in a spirit of bipartisan-ship to bring this measure to the floor and in working with the Michigan dele-gation and, in particular, Representa-tive K
ILDEE , who has been directly im-pacted on behalf of Flint, Michigan, which he represents. I would also make certain that we re-member that under the Safe Drinking Water Act, as Representative K
ILDEE  indicated, States have primacy, an im-portant issue for Members who fre-quently talked about empowering our State and local governments. It is a State’s responsibility when they accept that role of primacy to run these sys-tems and comply with Federal stand-ards. Before we point fingers at the EPA, let’s remember that Congress has cut its budget year after year. We want them to do more with less. We have passed the point of achieving effi-ciency, we have cut valuable staffing, and we have cut valuable programs. We can point to failures by all levels of government in this situation, but the public doesn’t want to hear us blame anyone. They want and deserve real solutions and financial assistance to address the crisis at hand. We need to help the people of Flint and better protect our public health going forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. T
ONKO said this bill is not about a blame game. We are trying to fix a problem so it doesn’t happen again anyplace. I just might note that the House was out 2 weeks. We had Martin Luther King week, then we had the snowstorm, and we couldn’t come back. Our committee held a number of briefings. I expanded it to include cer-tainly all of the members—Republican and Democrat—on the Energy and Commerce Committee, but I also ex-tended that out to all of the members of the Michigan delegation, both our Senators, as well as the Oversight and Government Reform Committee major-ity and minority staff. Mr. KILDEE mentioned about Mr. P
ALLONE not being here. His father died earlier this week, so he is where he should be. But he cares deeply about this legislation as well. I know when I sat down with my friend Mr. K
ILDEE last week to talk about the intent of this legislation and where he was, we were able to, I think, make some important, constructive changes that strengthen the bill. It was a no-brainer for us to get every Mem-ber on both sides of the aisle from Michigan to be an original cosponsor, and I congratulate him for that initia-tive. But I must say, too, this is a first step. I know in the future our com-mittee is going to be looking at how we can better expand flexibility, I think, of States as it relates to their safe drinking water fund, and the State re-volving fund as well. We are looking to hear from the States what we might be able to do on the Federal response. Again, the primacy is at the State and local level, particularly when a State, like we have seen here, actually has been given an emergency declaration, as our Governor sought. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I commend Mr. K
ILDEE . I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Safe Drinking Water Act Im-proved Compliance Awareness Act and am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, which will strengthen public notification requirements in the event of lead contamination. The situation in Flint is unacceptable—it is a violation of the right to clean water and a breakdown of the basic responsibility of gov-ernment to its citizens. And it was completely preventable—we know the damaging impacts of lead and we know how to protect people from lead poisoning. We need an aggressive response, both for the people in Flint and for every community that faces lead exposure. Today’s bill is just a first step to address this problem by ensuring that when contamination occurs, communities will be informed of what is happening and what will be done to fix it. We should follow this action with support for the Flint community and robust funding for lead poisoning prevention and clean water programs. I look forward to our continued work to protect children and communities from the dangers of lead. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act, as amended. This bill will allow more transparency and increase education and outreach efforts to communities about their drinking water systems. Communities are entitled to information about their drinking water, and we should make every effort to ensure that Americans re-ceive clear, concise and timely information about the safety of that water. This bill ad-dresses a concern raised during the Flint water crisis about the significant delay in in-forming Flint residents about the dangerous levels of lead in their water. I greatly appre-ciate the work of Mr. KILDEE and the Michigan Delegation in coming together and quickly pufting forward this legislation. It is a good place to begin our efforts to help Flint and I support its passage. Yet, this is a small, first step and does not address the imminent and long-term problems facing our nation’s water systems. I know my friend from Michigan, Mr. K
ILDEE , agrees with me on this and has put forward legislation fo-cusing on immediate and long-term invest-ments for Flint to address both its health and infrastructure needs. We must do more for Flint and more to ensure that our nation as a whole receives safe, clean drinking water at the tap. As I have stated time and again, our drink-ing water systems are deteriorating. Trans-parency is important, but we need to follow this effort with a reauthorization of the Safe Drinking Water Act that increases the invest-ment in our drinking water systems. We must invest in our drinking water infra-structure to repair, maintain, and replace aging pipes. We also must equip communities with the resources to ensure the delivery of safe drinking water, safeguard systems from vulnerabilities such as climate change, and encourage good financial and environmental management of water systems. There is no doubt that this will be a large task, but we cannot shy away from it. The longer we delay, the more costly the investment. This should be a wakeup call that we can-not continue to stand by watching as Flint— and far too many other American commu-nities—are exposed to unsafe drinking water. We must take action now. Again, I commend Mr. K
ILDEE and the co- sponsors for their efforts on this legislation. I thank the Gentleman and his staff for working with me and my staff to ensure this bill will truly increase transparency for communities. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and look forward to additional opportunities to work in a bipartisan fashion in the remaining months of this Congress on the pressing issue of safe, reliable drinking water for all Ameri-cans. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4470, the Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act. This bill is a good first step to helping ensure the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) never again allows an intransigent state gov-ernment endanger the public welfare. Let there be no mistake. The blame for what happened in Flint lies directly at the feet of Governor Snyder who ignored Flint’s demo-cratic rights, his appointed Emergency Man-agers who wanted to save a buck, and the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) that was too timid to protect the pub-lic from haphazard changes to the Flint water system. But the EPA needs to take some blame for not dismissing out of hands the efforts of the Governor, his Emergency Managers, and MDEQ to delay addressing the crisis in Flint. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.023 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH668 February 10, 2016 
The EPA let the endless echo of ‘‘EPA over-reach’’ prevent them from doing their job— which is telling anti-regulatory special interests that the public’s health comes first. This bill is a start to fixing that problem, but we have a long way to go. My colleagues across the aisle need to stop fighting EPA on behalf of special interests, and start fighting alongside EPA in the public interest. Because if they don’t, there will be more Flints, there will be more mothers who can’t sleep because their children are sick, and there will be more ‘‘bi-partisan’’ bills express-ing hindsight support for EPA action. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4470, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3442, DEBT MANAGEMENT AND FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3293, SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH IN THE NATIONAL INTEREST ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by the direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 609 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 609 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3442) to pro-vide further means of accountability of the United States debt and promote fiscal re-sponsibility. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a rule and the un-derlying bills, both of which will en-hance accountability and create better processes for our Federal Government. Necessary legislation is what we are talking about today. Legislation that will help the Federal Government not only in its processes, but that will allow the American people to have con-fidence in what their government does not only on their behalf, but for a bet-ter future for the American citizens, including our children and grand-children. We are here today because these are important issues, and we are address-ing them. That is what Speaker RYAN wants this body to be doing. Speaker R
YANwants us to bring our best ideas to the floor, to make sure the Amer-ican people understand what they are, to fully debate them, and to have all the open processes that are necessary to make sure that we are bringing to the American people the best ideas of their elected representatives. That is why we are here today. I also want to point out that the Rules Committee, of which I am chair-man, asked Members to submit their ideas and amendments regarding these bills, and 14 amendments were made in order. That means that the Rules Com-mittee met, we looked, and we had dis-cussions with Members about the ideas that they have. Fourteen were made in order last night by the Rules Com-mittee, and I am proud of that. As a result, our resolution provides that H.R. 3442, the Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2015, which was altered and supported by the gentleman from Coppell, Texas, Con-gressman K
ENNY MARCHANT , and H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the Na-tional Interest Act, which was brought to the committee by the young chair-man of the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, L
AMAR SMITH from San Antonio, Texas, will both be con-sidered today under a structured rule. Mr. Speaker, I would normally run through my opening dialogue that I would have about what is in these bills, why they are important, and what they would do. But because of time consider-ations today, one of our newest Mem-bers of Congress wants to speak. He has got a meeting in a few minutes. I would like to ask him if he would at this time take part in my opening statement. I yield to the gentleman from Wind-sor, Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). b1315 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for years, our Nation has limped along from debt crisis to debt crisis. Every time, we say to ourselves ‘‘just a little more spend-ing today, and we will fix this mess to-morrow,’’ but tomorrow never seems to come, and the ocean of red ink gets deeper and deeper with each passing day. Thanks to this ‘‘spend now’’ and ‘‘save never’’ mentality, the national debt has soared to $19 trillion, and there is no end in sight. The Federal Government has been overspending for so long that we are financially bank-rupt. If we continue to pass this debt on to our children and grandchildren, we are also morally bankrupt. We need a solution to our constant budget bust-ing. H.R. 3442 will help our Nation address this fiscal crisis. By requiring the ad-ministration to testify before Congress, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.015 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H669 February 10, 2016 
we are requiring them to bring real-istic, serious solutions to the table. We are calling on them to offer a plan for actually reducing our debt, and—this is key—we are requiring these solutions before we reach the point of no return. What we have wrought in debt and deficit isn’t merely a fiscal challenge or an economic problem—it is poi-sonous to our human potential. It is time for the Federal Government to start making the same tough choices that small businesses and folks in Colo-rado are making every day, and this bill is a good start. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The original intent also of a piece of legislation that we have goes back to 1950. The legislation that created the National Science Foundation was there at the time to support science that was in the national interest. Unfortu-nately, the NSF has funded too many wasteful projects under the ideas that have been presented to us by the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, the purposes of which were probably nebulous at best, which would be the argument that Chairman L
AMAR  S
MITH made with us, and which were, clearly, not necessarily in the national interest. We heard testimony that every single project that the National Science Foundation handled was in the Amer-ican people’s best interest. We think that our discussion with Members of Congress today will show them that we need to change the wording to where the national interest is obligatory to a proposal before a proposal is given. You have to prove it is in the Nation’s best interest to spend money. Examples of such projects include $700,000 to create a climate change-themed musical, $38,000 to study prehistoric rabbit hunt-ing on the Iberian Peninsula, and—per-haps my favorite of all—$605,000 to study why people around the world cheat on their taxes. Mr. Speaker, this is hard-earned money that was spent that I do not be-lieve was in the national interest. ‘‘In the interest of the Nation’’ means that it needs to be prioritized and that it needs to be something that would produce an outcome that would, from the National Science Foundation, ben-efit the American people. H.R. 3293 directly benefits the Amer-ican people by promoting greater ac-countability—a mission statement, so to speak—in funding scientific re-search, not only at the NSF, but that also ensures that the research con-ducted is always in the national inter-est. This is, I believe, a commonsense, bi-partisan answer. Certainly, L
AMAR  S
MITH, as the chairman of the com-mittee, brought forth the ideas on a bi-partisan basis to ensure that what we would do is not get in the way of any projects that are currently out there. Instead, anything that is in the future would have to subscribe to the condi-tions of the national interest. Reckless and mandatory spending has placed our national finances and our economy—including our jobs, our infrastructure, and our future—in peril. Today, the total debt is subject to the limit, which includes Treasury securities held by Federal trust funds and other accounts, which stand at over $19 trillion. Additionally, the Con-gressional Budget Office projects that the 2016 deficit will be $544 billion. You can see that we are not just at $19 tril-lion but that we are adding to that. Mr. Speaker, you know and I know, in just a matter of weeks, the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE), the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee, will be bringing forth to this floor bills that address what our year is going to look like in 2017. The Presi-dent of the United States has a chance to do this. Every year, the President submits his budget. It is $1 trillion more a year in spending. It is more government. It is more spending. It adds more things to our debt. Repub-licans, since 2011—since we have been in the majority—have tried to submit budgets that have held us in place; but by holding us in place, which is the best we can do, it does not mean that we were addressing creating a surplus, which would be required not to add to that debt. So where we are is back to the Amer-ican people again with an opportunity for them to understand our processes— a budget, an opportunity to get to where we do not add to the debt. Yet what we are here to do today is not the budget but to address what we do under a circumstance when we have a debt limit by which we have met the con-stitutional constraints, the legal con-straints, and what we are going to do in moving forward. We are taking a bill that comes di-rectly from K
ENNY MARCHANT , who is a member of our Ways and Means Com-mittee, who has spent a number of years in thinking through how we can put a spotlight—how we can put the light of day—on this issue to the point at which we can talk about it, under-stand more about it, and do something about it. That is also the second bill: the National Science Foundation, what is in the national interest, and, clearly, looking at the debt. If we are going to have a debt limit increase, how do we as Members of Congress, under our constitutional powers, understand not just the issue but also the obligation that we have when we take votes so that we know what is at risk, what the plan would be, and, perhaps more importantly, how we can work together with the adminis-tration—Republicans and Democrats— to make sure we get a better answer. Now, there is one last point that needs to be made, and I think it was made yesterday in the committee, not just by the gentleman T
OMCOLE, not just by V
IRGINIA FOXX from North Carolina, and not just by me, which is that we don’t know who the President is going to be next year. We don’t know who the Secretary of the Treasury is going to be next year. The gentleman, the author of the bill, thinks that that is a prime reason his legislation should be a bipartisan, commonsense piece of legislation so that we are saying who-ever it is has the authority and the re-sponsibility to come to Congress and give us the insight. Let’s work together so that we avoid debt, so that we avoid making a mis-take, and, mostly, so that we are on the same page together. That is why we are here today, Mr. Speaker. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), my good friend and distin-guished chairman of the Rules Com-mittee, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. I rise in strong opposition to this rule, which provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 3293, a bill to hamstring the National Science Foundation and its gold standard review process; and I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3442, a misnamed debt management bill that provides Congress with no new infor-mation about the debt limit and that does nothing to actually prevent de-fault. Despite a promise from Speaker R
YANand House Republican leadership for an open and deliberative process, this rule makes in order only 14 of the 47 amendments that were submitted on both pieces of legislation to our com-mittee—only six amendments for the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee’s bill and eight for the debt limit bill. Democrats on the Rules Committee offered an open rule so that both Democratic and Republican Mem-bers could have an opportunity to make their views known on this bill, but as has become the custom, the Democrats voted for an open process, and every single Republican voted against an open process. Members should have the oppor-tunity to offer their ideas on the House floor, and we should be having a robust debate on these issues. Here is a crazy idea, Mr. Speaker: Maybe, if we actu-ally opened up the process and allowed for a full debate, we could actually pass bipartisan legislation that would move through the legislative process and then go on to the President’s desk where he would then sign it into law. Yet, for the most part, my friends on the other side of the aisle don’t seem interested in working with Democrats to advance common goals that will ac-tually help the American people, and the legislation before us today is no ex-ception. H.R. 3442 requires the Secretary of the Treasury to appear before Congress and submit a report on the administra-tion’s debt reduction proposals. I have got some good news for my friends. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.026 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH670 February 10, 2016 
Treasury Secretary already regularly meets with Congress to discuss the debt limit, and the President offers proposals to address the debt and the deficit in his annual budgets. I would say to my colleagues on the Republican side that it is okay—you can ask ques-tions. That is what hearings are for. You can ask questions about the debt and deficit reduction. In fact, just yesterday, President Obama sent his fiscal year 2017 budget request to Congress, which included over $2.9 trillion in deficit reduction over the coming decade—this on top of the $4 trillion to $5 trillion in deficit reduction already achieved since 2010. If my friends are interested in hearing about these proposals to reduce our deficit, perhaps they should reconsider their unprecedented and insulting deci-sion to exclude the OMB from testi-fying on the administration’s budget proposal. Such a contemptuous atti-tude demeans Congress and the Amer-ican people. In addition to its annual budget, the administration also provides the infor-mation requested by H.R. 3442 in the form of the Mid-Session Review, of the Daily Treasury Statement, of the Monthly Treasury Statement, of the Monthly Statement of the Public Debt, of the Schedules of Federal Debt, and of the Financial Report of the United States Government. The Treasury manages our debt, but it is Congress that holds the power of the purse. It is our responsibility to raise the debt limit when it is reached, and I would point out that it is the leg-islative decisions made by Congress that determine the level of debt. I say to my Republican friends, if you don’t want to deal with the issue of raising the debt limit, then don’t accu-mulate all of these bills. The debt limit debate is about making sure we live up to our financial obligations, the obliga-tions that this Chamber agreed to. Last night in the Rules Committee, we had a debate about deficit reduction and how to deal with the debt. Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle offered suggestions on ways to reduce our def-icit, and that is an important discus-sion we should be having because it is a big issue. Yet this bill is not about deficit reduction; it is not about trying to get our debt under control; and it is not a serious attempt to help us avoid future default. The Republican major-ity has threatened default on at least three separate occasions: in 2011, when default was narrowly avoided with the Budget Control Act; in 2013, when Re-publican extremism led to a govern-ment shutdown, costing our fragile economy $24 billion and 120,000 private sector jobs; and this past fall, when Democrats helped to pass the bipar-tisan budget agreement despite opposi-tion from two-thirds of the Repub-licans in this Congress. I would like to point out what is missing in this bill that we are going to be talking about later on this week. The report required by this legislation would exclude the most important in-formation Congress needs when the debt limit is reached, which is an anal-ysis of the catastrophic consequences of default. If this were a serious at-tempt to address our debt, I would think that the majority would want to know which bills the Treasury would need to stop paying if Congress failed to raise the debt limit. Would veterans stop receiving their benefits? Would Medicare providers stop being reim-bursed? Would students stop receiving Pell grants? The chairman of the Rules Committee said in his opening state-ment that the American people want us to do something. I agree. b1330 This is not doing something. This is trying to point the finger somewhere else so that we can avoid responsibility for doing our job. If we were serious about this issue, maybe we ought to think about actu-ally passing legislation that would help reduce our deficit and pay down our debt. Maybe we ought to be talking about comprehensive immigration re-form. CBO says that we would save hundreds of billions of dollars for our National Treasury if we actually did that, did something positive to resolve our immigration crisis and, in doing so, we would save all this money that could go to reducing our deficit. Maybe one of the things we ought to be talking about here is actually not passing tax breaks for wealthy people that we don’t pay for because that adds to the bills that we accumulate here in Congress. If you want to give Donald Trump another tax cut, pay for it. That is all. Maybe we ought to talk about deal-ing with the issue of these war costs. I mean, we can’t even come together and actually debate and vote on an AUMF as these new wars are popping up all over the world. By the way, if we did, maybe we could talk about the cost, which, by the way, a big chunk of these war costs aren’t even paid for. They are put on our credit card. I mean, the only people sacrificing in these wars are the men and women who we put in harm’s way and their families. The rest of us do nothing. We don’t even ask the Amer-ican people to pay for it. Well, here is an idea: if people don’t want to pay for these wars, maybe we ought not to go. Just putting them on our credit card should not be an an-swer. Those are the kinds of things we should be talking about here today if we were serious about getting our budget under control. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, this legis-lation is duplicative, unnecessary, and a waste of time. It does nothing to pre-vent future Republican threats of de-fault, and I strongly oppose this effort. This week, also, Mr. Speaker, House Republicans are bringing to the floor H.R. 3293, another antiscience piece of legislation. Now, some might call this a thinly veiled attempt by the major-ity to dictate what the National Science Foundation spends their fund-ing on, but there really isn’t even a thin veil trying to cover up what this is. This is a blatant attempt to coerce the NSF into only funding projects that fit into the Republican political messaging agenda. The NSF receives upwards of 50,000 proposals a year. Out of all these pro-posals, only about 20 percent end up re-ceiving funding. The NSF puts the ap-plications through a rigorous process of peer review in order to determine which proposals they will fund. I would like to emphasize the fact that this is a peer review, not a con-gressional review. It is a peer review. Congress does not review these applica-tions because the vast majority of us are not scientists. I am not a scientist. I don’t think many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are sci-entists. The NSF review process is also de-signed to be confidential in order to protect against any internal or exter-nal bias. Injecting congressional inter-ference and disruption into a well-func-tioning process will have a drastically negative effect. Now, it should come as no surprise that a big part of the Republican ma-jority’s argument is that the NSF is fo-cusing too much of its funding on projects studying climate change. I tried to figure out what the hook was, and I found that that is it. I have said this here before, and I will keep saying it until we stop debating these ridiculous bills. We know that climate change is real. We see it. We live it. The scientific community over-whelmingly has verified it. Climate change is not a theory. It is not a hoax. It is not some silly fantasy. The NSF should be funding research that is di-rected toward understanding and miti-gating the effects of climate change. The majority on the Science Com-mittee has been on a crusade to inject itself into NSF’s independent grant re-view process. The committee has de-manded an explanation on how roughly 40 studies could possibly serve our na-tional interests. Now, we have seen time and time again that basic re-search leads to positive, life-changing outcomes never imagined by research-ers. Congress certainly does not have the experience or the knowledge to pre-determine the future value of a re-search project. Just because the title of a project doesn’t sound particularly overwhelmingly impressive doesn’t mean it isn’t, and we have a gazillion examples of that in the research that has been done in the NSF. It is best to leave the scientific re-view process in the hands of our world- class scientists who resoundingly op-pose efforts to interfere with NSF’s rig-orous review process. I join them in strong opposition to this bill. Now, once again, Mr. Speaker, we are on the floor debating two bills that are going nowhere. Each bill has received a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.027 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H671 February 10, 2016 
veto threat from the White House be-cause this is not serious legislation. Mr. Speaker, this is just more political fodder for the right wing of the Repub-lican Party, sound bites for my friends on the other side of the aisle to use while on the campaign trail to attempt to sound like they are dealing with issues in a serious manner when, in fact, they are not. It doesn’t matter what year it is. The American people elected us to solve problems, not pad Republicans’ political talking points. I ask my colleagues to oppose this re-strictive rule and the two partisan pieces of legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the Rules Committee made in order more amend-ments than Senator H
ARRY REIDdid as majority leader over 2 years—in just 1 day. In just 1 day, more amendments were made in order in the United States House of Representatives. So I get it. I do. I think I would be on the defensive, also, if I were my colleagues, my friends that are Democrats, because what they are doing to this country doesn’t work, and they are defensive about it. So they view anything that Republicans do, even on a bipartisan basis but doesn’t fit their narrative as, ‘‘this is political.’’ Well, balancing the budget is in the best interest of the American people. Presenting realistic budgets—not a trillion dollars more in spending and bigger government—is exactly the kind of policies that Republicans do believe. By the way, if they were really seri-ous about trying to fix this global warming, they wold look in their own backyard with home heating fuel, which is diesel fuel, which they are putting all through the Northeast to heat their homes. That is a huge con-tributor to global warming, as opposed to clean, natural gas. They can make their own decisions. But I would say back to them: I think you ought to measure three times and have seen once, not just go accusing other people of things. Mr. Speaker, yesterday in the Rules Committee, we had the gentleman from Coppell, Texas, K
ENNY MARCHANT , a great member of our Ways and Means Committee, come and testify about this bill, about how we look at raising the debt limit. He spoke very passion-ately, and there was a lot of common sense involved about how do we look at this issue and how do we solve it. I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
ARCHANT ). Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding to me and his support on this issue. Also, I thank him for allowing the Rules Com-mittee to spend over an hour on this issue yesterday to hear both sides of this issue as far as the debt ceiling goes. Mr. Speaker, I can’t go to a townhall meeting or even go to a gathering of just a few people without the subject of the debt ceiling coming up. My con-stituents on a regular basis, through emails, phone calls, and letters, ask me the questions: What is Congress doing about addressing the debt ceiling? Why do you lurch from year to year to year about the debt ceiling? Why don’t you ever look at the debt ceiling in a com-prehensive manner? The debt is too high. When I intro-duced this bill in September, the debt had reached $18.1 trillion. Today, it is over $19 trillion. If the current law re-mains unchanged, the Congressional Budget Office predicts that the Federal debt held by the public will exceed 100 percent of our GDP in 25 years, and this is unsustainable. The window to get a handle on the Nation’s debt is closing very quickly. We need to enact solutions to retire the debt before it is too late. That is what the Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act is all about. This bill creates a new debt limit framework that places greater atten-tion on finding debt reduction solu-tions. It does so by injecting trans-parency, accountability, and timeli-ness into the debt limit process. The bill would allow Congress and the ad-ministration to take comprehensive as-sessments of the debt and its drivers well before the statutory debt limit is reached. Each year since I have been in Con-gress, I can pick up the newspaper one day and find that the Secretary of the Treasury announces that we have reached our statutory debt limit and usually proclaims a date. In this case, the statutory debt limit will be reached next March of 2017. At that point, everybody seems to go about their business. There is no particular action taken. In fact, last month after that procla-mation was made that we had reached our statutory debt ceiling, 7 months went by without us reaching the debt ceiling. How did that happen? Well, it happened because the Secretary of the Treasury has the ability to implement extraordinary measures. Now, if any committees in the Congress should know what those extraordinary meas-ures that he is using are going to be or are, it is the Ways and Means Com-mittee and the Senate Finance Com-mittee. So this bill very simply lays out a framework where, before the debt ceil-ing is reached—and the Secretary of Treasury knows that—he has a frame-work of up to 60 days to come and ap-pear before the Ways and Means Com-mittee and the Senate Finance Com-mittee, which could be a joint meeting, and lay out for us when the debt ceil-ing will be reached—not after we have reached the debt ceiling, but before we have reached the debt ceiling—what ex-traordinary measures he will take once we have reached that debt ceiling and when, in fact, he thinks we will actu-ally run out of money. In that report, he will actually then lay out the administration’s plan on addressing that debt in the short term, in the midterm, and in the future. So it is a very commonsense plan. It in-volves one very specific meeting with these two jurisdictional committees with the Secretary of the Treasury. The whole focal point of that meeting will be to talk about the debt ceiling. That does not happen now. We have dozens of reports that are online. We have dozens of discussions besides this, but never statutorily is the Secretary of the Treasury and the two jurisdictional committees required to meet and discuss this. This is the great thing about this bill, the imple-mentation of this bill. Like so many Americans, my con-stituents have watched with great con-cern as the debt has skyrocketed. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TIP-
TON). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 additional minute to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. MARCHANT. If we share these concerns at all—and I know that many of us do—we need to pass the Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the rule. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Maybe I can clear all this up so we don’t have to debate this bill. The gentleman asked a question about extraordinary measures that the Secretary of the Treasury could poten-tially use to deal with the debt ceiling. I would just tell him that they are de-fined in statute, and we will happily provide him a copy of the statute so that he can understand that. I would go back to what I said in my opening statement that, if we are seri-ous about dealing with our deficit and our debt, then maybe we ought to be thinking in these terms, about actually not accumulating all these bills that get us to the point where we have to raise the debt ceiling. I mean, we in Congress—not the ad-ministration, but we in Congress—ac-cumulate all these bills and all these financial obligations. Once you do that, you have to pay for them. Our con-stituents, when they accumulate credit card debt, they have got to pay it. They just can’t not pay it because they don’t want to. So we have to start be-having like adults here and understand that we need to pay our bills. I would suggest to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that one way we might want to save some money and not add it to the deficit or to our debt is to stop giving Donald Trump tax cuts that you don’t pay for. b1345 If you want to have tax cuts for wealthy individuals, fine. Pay for them. Don’t not pay for them. Stop subsidizing big oil companies in this country. Maybe there was a time when we first started exploring for oil that you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.028 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH672 February 10, 2016 
could make the case that taxpayers ought to be subsidizing oil companies. Not anymore. Not with global warming and certainly not when they are mak-ing zillions of dollars a year in profits. Maybe we could take that money and put it toward deficit reduction. Or maybe we could pay for these wars that everybody seems to want to com-mit our young men and women to. If you want to go to war, you ought to pay for it, not just put it on a credit card. If you are not prepared to do that, then end these wars. But just putting in danger the lives of our brave men and women and just accumulating all these massive bills that there is no accountability of I think is unconscionable. Having said that, Mr. Speaker, I now yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I respect the motivation that underlies this bill. We have got a debt in this country that is too large, and we have got to address it, but this is a nonresponse. The job of addressing the debt be-longs to Congress. It can’t be outsourced. The Secretary of the Treasury has no more authority to ad-dress the debt than the Secretary of Agriculture or Education or the Demo-cratic National Committee or the Re-publican Campaign Committee. This is a job that has to be done, but it is our job to do it. Asking the Secretary of the Treasury to come in and talk about when that date certain will be on default when we set that date when we pass budgets means that we are asking somebody else to do our job and asking somebody who actually doesn’t even have the au-thority to do the job. That belongs to Congress. Every time we vote on either a tax cut or an appropriation bill, it has clear implications for how that will impact on the debt ceiling. It is debat-able because there are fluctuations as to when we will hit that date. But it is absolutely certain that, when we appropriate money or we pass tax cuts, in one case spending will go up, and in the other case revenues will go down. What we have done is gone along in a kind of la-la land where we think we can cut taxes, we can raise spending, and then we are astonished when a year or so later there is actually a bill that comes due. This is not the debt management bill. It is not the fiscal responsibility bill. It is the debt mismanagement and fiscal irresponsibility bill. Think about the things that we have done. Mr. M
CGOVERN has been talking about it. But we had a war in Iraq, a trillion dollars. Nobody paid for that. We voted to spend a trillion dollars on tax cuts. We can have an argument about tax policy. But you know what, revenues went down. Congress voted to spend $800 billion on the prescription drug program, something that had bipartisan support. Not paid for. And then just a few weeks ago we passed tax extenders that are going to reduce revenues by $2 trillion. Actions have consequences. The con-sequences are ones that are inevitable and foreseeable as a result of the ac-tions of this Congress. This Congress, instead of assuming its responsibility, tries to outsource it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. WELCH. To someone else, it is a dodge. That is all it is. It is us trying to fool the American people with a game of three-card Monte where we are pretending that the problem that we are decrying had somehow mysteri-ously evolved out of nowhere. I respect the concern of the authors of this bill about our debt. What I don’t respect is the failure of Congress to ad-dress it. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the rea-son why we are doing this is because one day 2 years ago the President, through the Treasury, wrote off $339 billion in one day. That is not respon-sible. It didn’t happen in one day. They play games at Treasury. The President of the United States plays games with this issue. Now it sounds like my colleagues are, also. This is an honest attempt to have a dialogue. Regardless of who is going to be President or whoever is going to be Treasury Secretary next year, we want to know what kind of games or what kind of straightforward business they are going to operate. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Butler, Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ), one of the most exciting young Members of this Congress. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I thank the gentleman for referring to me as young and exciting. I am going to phone my wife to let her know that is the case. Mr. Speaker, I come before you today because I am in strong support of H.R. 3442. I think that sometimes we make this a Democratic versus Republican issue. Responsibility is not a political issue. It is a moral issue. Irresponsibility is the problem that we have. I wish we could go away from making political talking points into making solid policy positions that say: okay, fine, if we are going to increase our debt ceiling, tell me why you are going to get there. I come from the private sector. There are many times in my life I have had to go to lenders and tell them I need to borrow money. The first thing they would say is: give me your financials; let me look at the way you are running your company; let me see about what you are doing; then we will make a de-cision. Then they would come back to me and say: you know what, I am looking at what you are asking for, and you definitely need an injection of capital; but my question is what is your turn-around plan so you are not back here in 6 months or 12 months asking for more money on a failed model. The people’s House, the Congress, is made up of both Republicans and Democrats. More importantly, it is made up of Americans. We are looking at a year when the tax revenues are the highest they have ever been—$3.25 tril-lion—yet, we continue to spend $3.7 trillion to $3.8 trillion. Now people look at that and their eyes kind of roll back in their head. They say: I have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. So you reduce it down to this, which I think is the most effective way of ex-plaining it. Hardworking American couples sit down at the kitchen table. It is kitchen table economics. It is not all this other stuff. It is not all these hieroglyphics. The husband and the wife talk and say: you know what, Honey, we had a great year; I was able to bring home $32,500; what I want you to do is to go out and spend $37,500 or $38,000. They would look at each other and say: wait a minute, you told me you had a great year—and you did—but you want me to spend even more money than you brought in. We constantly tell the American peo-ple: you are going to have to tighten your belts; you are going to have to live within your means. And then, be-cause we don’t have to, we go out and borrow and raise the debt ceiling. Think about that couple that is in-creasing their debt load year after year after year—deficit spending—and we are crowing about the fact that you know what, we have cut our deficit spending by half a trillion dollars this year. Aren’t we doing well? My question is: so where does that deficit spending go? It goes onto your long-term debt. You are digging the hole so deep that you will never be able to climb out of it, but you are feeling good about it because you were able to satisfy whatever your needs were at that moment. That is not only irresponsible, it is unconscionable. More than that, it is immoral for people to sit in this House as representatives of the American peo-ple who have been given the authority to tax, but they have also been given the responsibility to spend that hard-working American taxpayer’s dollar. More importantly, once you have au-thority and once you have responsi-bility, you have got to be accountable not just to that person in the mirror, but, in my case, the 705,687 people that I represent in western Pennsylvania. Now, they are not all Republicans. They are not all Democrats. They are not all Libertarians. They are not all Independents. But they are all hard-working American taxpayers. Why do we have to reduce this down to a political-talking-points issue in-stead of talking about what is fun-damentally sound economically? You cannot spend your way out of debt. You cannot continue to borrow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.030 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H673 February 10, 2016 
irresponsibly and say: well, we have the power to do it. So when we ask the Secretary of the Treasury who else would you go to, that is who is respon-sible for it. I don’t care who is sitting in there. I don’t care who is in the White House. I care about sound, fundamental fiscal policy that protects this country going forward, not only those that are with us right now, but those that came be-fore us and those that are going to come after us. We are putting ourselves in a posi-tion that is totally going to be unre-coverable. Why would we knowingly sit here and think if I can pin the blame on somebody else from the political op-posite of me, I will somehow win an election? Is it really that important to win an election and lose the country? Is it really that important to have a polit-ical talking point that makes you feel good about what you said so you can go back home to somebody and say: you saw what I did on the floor; right? I would hope that the constituents would say: yes, I did. You just put me deeper in debt. You made it impossible for me to plan for my future. You made it impossible for us to remain one of the strongest countries in the world be-cause debt will eliminate you. I don’t care if it is a person. I don’t care if it is a business. I don’t care if it is a State or a country. We are quickly approaching the point of no return. To sit here and try to make it a political battle instead of survival for the United States of Amer-ica is totally irresponsible. More im-portantly, it is immoral. This is not a political battle. This is a fight for the future of our country. This is a fight for sustainability in the greatest country the world has ever known. I do not think that any of us should ever turn our back on our responsi-bility because it just wasn’t politically right. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, let me just say I have the greatest respect for my colleague from Pennsylvania, but the reason why we oppose this is be-cause it does nothing. Actually, it attempts to pin the blame on the Secretary of the Treas-ury, but the reality is—and I want to repeat this for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—that Congress’ decision on revenue and spending poli-cies ultimately determine the level of debt and when the debt limit is reached. It is our responsibility. What we object to is that, instead of debating concrete issues to reduce our deficit and reduce our debt, we are in-volved in this kind of debating a nonissue, a bill that does nothing, that will do nothing to reduce our deficit, reduce our debt, and is a complete waste of time. At this point, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Massachu-setts for his leadership. I want to say to my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), whom I re-spect and admire, this isn’t like a sim-ple, homespun, sit around the kitchen table and work this out and be respon-sible in paying our bills. I wish it were. That homespun couple in Pennsyl-vania or my district in Virginia can’t start a war that is unpaid for in Iraq, can’t decide to give wealthy people a tax cut that is unpaid for, can’t run the U.S. economy into the ground that costs trillions of dollars in additional debt because of policy choices made in this Congress, not by the Secretary of the Treasury. It was Republican Vice President Cheney who actually said in the midst of all of that that debts no longer mat-ter. So we are glad to see the new-found religion here on the floor of the House with our friends on the other side of the aisle, who are now once again con-cerned about debt, debt they helped ac-cumulate to an obscene degree. I rise, Mr. Speaker, in opposition to not only that bill, but to the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act bill. It comes as no surprise to my con-stituents in Virginia that the most anti-environmental Congress—the House majority is now attempting to tell the National Science Foundation how they ought to do and award Fed-eral research grants based on what Congress deems worthy. The House majority has been open about its climate denialism and candid about its outright political agenda against scientific fact. The very sci-entific community that we should trust to understand and forecast the ef-fects of manmade global climate change is substituted in this bill by the United States Congress, a bunch of politicians. This bill is a solution in search of a problem. It threatens the National Science Foundation’s gold-standard merit-review process that has resulted in groundbreaking research over the years, including medical, techno-logical, agricultural, and public health advancements. Even worse, how are we to explain the majority’s decision to exclude cli-mate change, one of the most pressing global challenges we face, as one of the bill’s seven national interest criteria? It is not even in there. I offered an amendment that would have ensured climate change is deemed in the national interest. The Repub-lican majority would not even allow that amendment to come to this floor for debate. The NSF is helping to lead research in global climate change. For example, it was an NSF grant that launched a program in my district at George Mason University that will help tele-vision weather forecasters better in-form and explain to viewers how cli-mate change will affect us and those communities. b1400 In 2013, Mr. Speaker, I visited a place called Ny-Alesund in Svalbard, Nor-way. This is the northernmost research installation in the planet in the Arctic Circle and a leading research and moni-toring station that serves many of our international partners, including Nor-way, Italy, Japan, China, and the Neth-erlands. I saw firsthand on that visit the rapid decline of Arctic sea ice and rapidly re-treating glaciers. The research NSF funds there will have environmental and geopolitical benefits to the U.S., and we should be expanding not re-tracting on those commitments. I ask: How is it that research is not in the na-tional interest? This destructive bill will have a chilling effect on our research commu-nity, stifling ambitious research nec-essary to a 21st century future. Sadly, once again, the Republican majority insists on misinformation and belief over empirical evidence and science. I urge rejection of the bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yield-ing, and I appreciate the chairman of the Rules Committee bringing this rule to the floor to allow for consideration of H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act. H.R. 3293 requires each National Science Foundation public announce-ment of a grant award to be accom-panied by a nontechnical explanation of the project’s scientific merits and how it serves the national interest. This written justification affirms the National Science Foundation’s deter-mination that a project is worthy of taxpayer support based on scientific merit and national interest. The bill sets forth that NSF grants should meet at least one of seven cri-teria that demonstrate a grant is in fact in the national interest. These na-tional interest areas are in the original enabling legislation that established the National Science Foundation and its mission or are part of the National Science Foundation mission today. These criteria are: Increased economic competitiveness in the United States; Advancement of the health and wel-fare of the American public; Development of an American STEM workforce that is globally competitive; Increased public scientific literacy and public engagement with science and technology in the United States; Increased partnerships between aca-demia and industry in the United States; Support for the national defense of the United States; or, Promotion of the progress of science in the United States. These seven national mission areas encompass the overriding needs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.031 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH674 February 10, 2016 
America to which the scientific enter-prise can contribute and advance. Under this umbrella, many scientific disciplines and research areas can and do receive support and flourish. The amendments that were not made in order by the Rules Committee would have opened up this NSF national mis-sion statement to include every pet project, earmark, or political point that Members on the other side could think of. In fact, the explicit, line item-directed subjects that Members wanted to add to the list of ‘‘what is in the national interest’’ are already cov-ered by one of the seven categories in the bill. We welcome a fair and open debate on the merits of the bill, and several amendments were made in order that allow us to have that debate. These in-clude amendments by the ranking member of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Ms. E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, as well as five other Democratic amendments. This rule allows us to have that fair debate, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Every criticism I have heard in the last few minutes about this bill could be addressed if those who oppose the bill just took the time to read the bill. It is only three pages long. You can probably read it in 3 minutes. They would see that their opposition has no foundation whatsoever. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 8 min-utes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If we can defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up a bill that would help prevent mass shootings by promoting research on the causes of gun violence, making it easier to identify and treat those prone to committing these acts. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous materials, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, again, I oppose both H.R. 3442 and H.R. 3293. Again, on H.R. 3442, if we are serious about deficit and debt reduction, then we ought to be talking about substance and something real, not some sound bite where Members of the House can point to the administration to say it is all their fault. The reality is, it really is the fault of all of us, when you come down to it, be-cause this is the place where spending decisions are made, where tax policy is made. If my colleagues do not want to raise the debt ceiling, then don’t accumulate all these bills. It is Congress that does this. When you accumulate all these bills and you have to raise the debt ceiling, it is irresponsible to all of a sudden say that we don’t want to do it and then to default on our debt. As I mentioned before, back in 2013, when Republican extremism actually shut the government down, it cost our economy $24 billion and 120,000 jobs. Now, $24 billion may not seem like a lot to my Republican friends, but I as-sure you that it all starts to add up. Those 120,000 jobs that were lost is all lost revenue coming into the govern-ment which would go to paying down our deficit and debt. If you really want to deal with this issue, then let’s talk about things like paying for these wars that no one seems to want to pay for. Let’s talk about not enacting tax breaks and tax cuts for wealthy individuals and not paying for it. Let’s talk about reeling in some of these excessive subsidies to Big Oil and to other big corporate in-terests in this country. Let’s talk about passing comprehensive immigra-tion reform, which, again, the CBO has said would save us hundreds of billions of dollars that we could put toward getting our fiscal house in order. Those are real things. This is just talk for the sake of talk. I guess maybe it is a good press release; but, quite frankly, I think our time would be bet-ter spent doing something else. Again, on H.R. 3293, the so-called Sci-entific Research in the National Inter-est Act, I take great exception to those who question the integrity of the NSF. The National Science Foundation has integrity, in my opinion, beyond ques-tion. The work that they do is extraor-dinary. The work that they do leads to all kinds of benefits not only for the people in this country, but for the envi-ronment and people all over the world. I think the scientists who work there are having their reputations ques-tioned by the introduction of this legis-lation, never mind us even considering it here today. I think you are dimin-ishing the incredible work that they do. I get it. For some reason, my Repub-lican colleagues can’t admit that we have a thing called climate change going on around the world. So any time anybody talks about climate change, you go after whatever department or agency it is. You attack them. You try to cut their funding. You try to ques-tion their integrity. Well, I hate to tell my Republican friends that climate change is real. The overwhelming science says it is real. If you don’t appreciate that, maybe you ought to go back to school and take a science class. When we talk about the lack of ac-countability and the lack of proper stewardship of what we are supposed to be doing here, that is one area where I think we have let the American people down; indeed, the world community. We are sitting here debating whether it is even an issue—which the Amer-ican people can’t believe—while things continue to get worse. I would say to my Republican friends: admit it; climate change is for real. You are on the wrong side of pub-lic opinion. When you try to claim it is a hoax, you are on the wrong side of the scientific community and you are on the wrong side of history. One final thing, because I couldn’t help but take note that my colleague from Texas kind of took a jab at Mas-sachusetts over home heating oil. I would say to the gentleman a couple of things. One, Massachusetts is leading the Nation in terms of investments in renewable and green energy. I am real-ly proud of what my State is doing. I would say one other thing to the gentleman from Texas, and that is that his State—Texas—generates 10 times more emissions from heating oil, com-pared to Massachusetts. So I would urge him to get his State’s emissions under control for the sake of our plan-et. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 3 minutes re-maining. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The first thing I would like to say to the gentleman is that Texas is bigger than France and Texas is bigger than Massachusetts. In fact, we have eco-nomic output. We have lots of people working. We have economic prowess in Texas. We do have more output of what might be carbon. We do. We also had $290 billion worth of economic activity that we sent overseas. Texas helps the United States of America float its boat because we have jobs, we have lower taxes, we have great schools, we have people that enjoy living where they live, and we have people that take re-sponsibility. Across the board, Texas is a great place to live. Texas does, as you have heard many times, move our country in a direction to more freedom, Mr. Speaker. What we are talking about is freedom. With that freedom comes re-sponsibility. Mr. Speaker, why we are here today—exactly as I started to say in the very beginning—is that our Speak-er, P AULRYAN, has challenged I think all of Congress, but in particular this Republican majority, to bring forth good ideas that address the issues, thoughts, and answers about the prob-lems that the United States Congress perhaps is responsible for and perhaps the United States sees that we need to start talking about what our future is going to be. When he was the chairman of the Budget Committee and the Ways and Means Committee, Speaker R
YAN talked about growing our economy. I know our friends want to raise taxes. I know the President of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.032 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H675 February 10, 2016 
States wants to also, now that the en-ergy costs are down, stick them back up and stick the American people with a $10 a barrel tax. I know that what they want is more and more and more spending. They will get their chance with the budget when it comes in a trillion dollars higher in a year than what we are spending right now. That is their vision. What we are talking about today is our vision, Speaker R
YAN’s vision, and the Republican majority’s vision. And what is that? We would like to put in place an agreement. We would like for it to be a bipartisan vote. We already have bipartisan support. And that is so that we could say that, regardless of who is President and Secretary of the Treasury—right now, I don’t know who it is going to be; I really couldn’t even guess—we, as a body, make sure that we are focusing on what this is going to look like at the time. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts was very clear to say we already know all these things, but we don’t. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to support this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 609 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3926) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for bet-ter understanding of the epidemic of gun vio-lence, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3926. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting House Reso-lution 609, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4470. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 180, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 65] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.033 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH676 February 10, 2016 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Castro (TX) Duckworth Fincher Gowdy Graves (GA) Hanna Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Mullin Quigley Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Speier Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1434 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 178, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 66] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Aguilar Castro (TX) DeLauro Duckworth Fincher Gowdy Graves (GA) Hanna Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) LaMalfa Mullin Quigley Rothfus Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1440 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 66, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
SAFE DRINKING WATER ACT IM-PROVED COMPLIANCE AWARE-NESS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4470) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the requirements related to lead in drink-ing water, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.007 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H677 February 10, 2016 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 416, nays 2, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 67] YEAS—416 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Massie Rokita 
NOT VOTING—15 
Castro (TX) Duckworth Fincher Gowdy Graves (GA) Hanna Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Mullin Quigley Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1447 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 67 on H.R. 4470, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was absent today to attend the funeral of a family member. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 65, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on rollcall No. 66, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ and on rollcall No. 67, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 65 on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 3293 and H.R. 3442. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 66 on H. Res. 609—Rule Providing for consideration of both H.R. 3293—Scientific Research in the National Interest Act and H.R. 3442—Debt Management and Fiscal Respon-sibility Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Anto-nio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 67 on H.R. 4470—Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ f 
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH IN THE NATIONAL INTEREST ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill, H.R. 3293. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 609 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 3293. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1448 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that na-tional interest, with Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.039 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH678 February 10, 2016 
H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act, is a bipar-tisan bill that ensures the grant proc-ess at the National Science Foundation is transparent and accountable to the American people. America’s future economic growth and national security depend on inno-vation. Public and private investments in research and development fuel the economy, create jobs, and lead to new technologies that benefit Americans’ daily lives. Unfortunately, in recent years, the Federal Government has awarded too many grants that few Americans would consider to be in the national interest. For example, the National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 of tax-payer money to support a climate change-themed musical that quickly closed and almost $1 million for a so-cial media project that targeted Amer-icans’ online political speech. A few other examples of questionable grants include: $487,000 to study the Icelandic textile industry during the Viking era; $340,000 to study early human-set fires in New Zealand; $233,000 to study ancient Mayan archi-tecture and their salt industry; and $220,000 to study animal photos in Na-tional Geographic magazine. When the NSF funds such projects as these, there is less money to support worthwhile scientific research that keeps our country on the forefront of innovation. Such areas include: com-puter science, advanced materials, la-sers, telecommunications, information technology, development of new medi-cines, nanotechnology, cybersecurity, and dozens of others that hold the greatest promise of revolutionary sci-entific breakthroughs. These sectors can create millions of new jobs and transform society in positive ways. NSF invests about $6 billion a year of taxpayer funds on research projects and related activities. The 1950 enabling legislation that created the NSF set forth the Founda-tion’s mission and cited the ‘‘national interest’’ as the foundation for public support and dissemination of basic sci-entific research. The Science in the National Interest Act reaffirms and restores this crucial mission. This will add transparency, accountability, and credibility to the NSF and its grant process. H.R. 3293 requires NSF grants to meet at least one of seven criteria that demonstrates it is in the national in-terest. These seven criteria are: in-creased economic competitiveness in the United States; advancement of the health and welfare of the American public; development of an American STEM workforce that is globally com-petitive; increased public scientific lit-eracy and public engagement with science and technology in the United States; increased partnerships between academia and industry in the United States; support for the national defense of the United States; and promotion of the progress of science in the United States. Both the National Science Founda-tion director and the National Science Board have endorsed the principle that NSF should be more accountable in its grant funding decisions. To NSF Director France Cordova’s credit, the NSF began to implement new internal policies last year that ac-knowledge the need for NSF to commu-nicate clearly and in nontechnical terms the research projects it funds and how they are in the national inter-est. Opponents of this bill must think they know better than the NSF direc-tor. Director Cordova testified before the House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee that the policy in H.R. 3293 is compatible with the NSF’s internal guidelines. This legislation makes that commitment clear, ex-plicit, and permanent. Today, the NSF funds only one out of five proposals submitted by our sci-entists and research institutions. How do we assure hardworking Amer-ican families that their tax dollars are spent only on high priority research when we spend $700,000 of their money on a short-lived climate change- themed musical? It is not Congress’ money, it is the taxpayers’. How could elected representatives not agree that we owe it to American taxpayers and the scientific commu-nity to ensure that every grant funded is worthy and in the national interest? With a national debt that now ex-ceeds $19 trillion and continues to climbs by hundreds of billions of dol-lars each year, we cannot fund every worthy proposal, much less frivolous ones like a climate change musical. The legislation before us reaffirms in law that every NSF grant must support research that is demonstrably in the national interest. Scientists still make the decisions. They just do not get a blank check signed by the taxpayer. They need to be accountable to the American people by showing their proposals are, in fact, in the national interest. H.R. 3293 passed the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee in October by a voice vote. Congress has a responsibility to en-sure that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and are focused on national pri-orities. This bill is an essential step to restore and maintain taxpayer support for basic scientific research. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the Na-tional Interest Act. I oppose this bill because I believe that this bill will hurt the Nation’s premier basic research agency, lead to less high reward research, and, ulti-mately, leave America less competi-tive. My Republican colleagues have a simple argument for their legislation: Shouldn’t NSF research be in the na-tional interest? That is a very good question, but one that can be easily an-swered. My answer is that NSF research is al-ready in the national interest. It has been for more than 60 years. The Federal investment in basic re-search over the past 60 years has been the primary driver of our Nation’s eco-nomic growth and innovation. In innu-merable ways, our investments in basic research have paid back a wealth of dividends. This fact is widely recognized across academia and industry. The National Academies’ ‘‘Rising Above the Gath-ering Storm’’ report made this point a decade ago. That panel, chaired by the former head of Lockheed-Martin, un-derstood that investment in basic re-search was fundamentally in the na-tional interest. When we passed the America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 as part of the Democrats’ innovation agenda, that bill was endorsed by hun-dreds of business and research organi-zations, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers. They all under-stood that investment in basic research is in the national interest. What is this bill really about? Is it really about enhancing our Nation’s ability to innovate? No. Sadly, this bill continues the Republican majority’s preoccupation with second-guessing America’s best and brightest research scientists. For the past 3 years, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology ma-jority has been engaged in a relentless and pernicious campaign against re-search grants with silly or odd sound-ing titles. Republicans have used that time to carry out an unprecedented rifling through the 70 NSF grants reviews. After all this effort, did they find any evidence of wrongdoing? No. The only thing they found was what they al-ready knew: each of the research grants had passed NSF’s merit review process with flying colors. The majority may not like it and wish the results were different, but those are the facts. Let me be clear. Some of the greatest scientific achieve-ments of the past 60 years were the re-sult of funny sounding research, in-cluding research that was ridiculed in Congress as frivolous. There are scores of examples. One of my favorites is ‘‘The Sex Life of the Screwworm,’’ surely one of the silliest sounding titles for research there could possibly be. So silly, in fact, that in the 1970s, the grant was ridiculed as an example of government waste on the Senate floor. Sounds a lot like what the majority is doing here today. It turned out that the screwworm was costing the U.S. cattle industry a small fortune. As a direct result of this silly sounding research, the cattle in-dustry saved approximately $20 billion in the U.S. and significantly reduced the cost of beef to U.S. consumers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.041 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H679 February 10, 2016 
b1500 At its core, this bill is about second- guessing our Nation’s best and bright-est scientists and the grant-making de-cisions they make. Perhaps this is not surprising when so many of my Republican colleagues openly question the validity of whole fields of established science, from the social sciences to climate science to evolutionary biology. Far from adding anything useful to the NSF’s review process, H.R. 3293 would add more bureaucracy and pa-perwork. Yet, my biggest concern about these requirements is that they will push NSF reviewers to fund less high-risk research, which, by its very nature, entails the pursuit of scientific understanding without it necessarily having any particular or known ben-efit. We know that high-risk research tends to have the highest reward, something that we have seen through-out the history of the NSF. I am not alone in my concerns. The President’s science adviser, Dr. John Holdren, noted: 
H.R. 3293 would create doubt at NSF and in the research community about Congress’ real intent in calling into question the ade-quacy of NSF’s gold standard merit-review process for applied as well as for basic re-search. This could easily have a chilling effect on the amount of basic research that scientists propose and that NSF chooses to fund, with detrimental consequences for this Nation’s leadership in science, technology, and inno-vation alike. 
Mr. Chair, I choose to stand with the scientists when it comes to science. For that reason, I strongly oppose this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds. I say to the gentlewoman from Texas that her objections are simply too late. They are too late because the Director of the National Science Foundation has already incorporated the national in-terest standard into the current guide-lines that are being used at the Na-tional Science Foundation. We are al-ready using that, and the bill makes them permanent. I do like the gentlewoman’s example of a screwworm because that is a rea-son to vote for the bill and not to op-pose the bill. One of the requirements in the bill is that these grants be ex-plained in plain English so that we know their connection to the national interest. Clearly, there would be no problem in explaining why the example she gave is connected to the national interest. In a few minutes, I will give just a few more examples of how taxpayers’ money is currently being used and should not be used. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ), who is the vice chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. LUCAS. I thank Chairman S
MITH for the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 3293, Scientific Research in the National Interest Act. The NSF invests about $6 billion of public funds each year on research projects and related activities. It is the only Federal agency that is dedicated to the support of fundamental research and education in all scientific and en-gineering disciplines. Since its creation in 1950, the NSF has served a mission that helps make the United States a world leader in science and innovation. In recent years, however, the NSF has seemed to stray away from its created purpose and has funded a number of grants that few Americans would consider in the national interest. H.R. 3293 seeks to restore the NSF’s critical mission by requiring the NSF to explain in writing and in non-tech-nical language how each research grant awarded supports the national interest and is worthy of Federal funding. Now, think about that for a moment: not just explaining it in scientific terms that the fellow scientific com-munity can understand, but also in terms that taxpayers can understand. In a time of distrust and suspicion of the Federal Government and of all in-stitutions, that is a very important key point, being able to explain to the folks back home why it matters. The bill also sets forth that NSF grants should meet one of seven cri-teria that demonstrates the grant is in the national interest. Today, as was noted by the chair-man, the NSF is able to fund only one out of every five proposals. This is a critical bill to restore faith in the proc-ess. We need to pass this. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Chair, I rise to oppose this bill. America is an exceptional nation. One of the reasons we are the best country in the world is that we believe in science and we believe in innova-tion. Our country has always believed in physics and in chemistry, and we trust scientists. The National Science Foundation has helped this country grow in terms of innovation and in terms of amazing scientific discoveries. It is not broken. So why are we trying to meddle with what the scientists have done? The chairman mentioned some exam-ples of grants that sounded sort of funny. I understand that most of the Republican legislators do not believe in climate change, but the overwhelming majority of scientists do, as does the U.S. military, as does ExxonMobil today. One of the grants had to do with how people learn about climate change. That is vitally important because cli-mate change is going to affect our chil-dren and our grandchildren. It is true that some of these grants sound funny. That is because scientists do all sorts of things that, to a layperson, may not be very obvious. Because I am not a scientist and be-cause most people are not scientists, I think that is perfectly fine, that we don’t have all sorts of redundant writings that explain what an experi-ment does. Let me give you one exam-ple that is on the NSF’s Web site. One of the grants is to study funny- looking colored clay in France, blue- green clay in another country. It sounds like a really silly grant, doesn’t it? It turns out that, when they looked at it, there were properties in this blue-green clay in France that kill bac-teria, anti-bacterial properties that can help deal with MRSA, that can help deal with superbugs. This can be a groundbreaking grant, a groundbreaking discovery, but under this bill, it might have problems being funded. Ultimately, what this is really about and what I have learned now in Con-gress is that often we are very arro-gant. We do not trust scientists. We do not trust the people in America. This is an arrogant bill that sort of says we know best, not the scientists who are doing peer reviews of what grants to fund, and that we know which experiment might do exactly what. It turns out, in science, lots of times scientists study one area and get a completely different, amazing dis-covery in a totally unrelated area. We need to fund basic science. We need to take our hands off this. We need to trust scientists and trust the people in America. Do not pass this bill. We are not that arrogant. We should not determine what scientists are to be doing and that we know better than they do, be-cause we do not. I ask for opposition to this bill. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds. I really wish the people who say they oppose this bill would actually read the bill. It is only three pages long. They can probably read it in 3 minutes. Let me read the last sentence of the bill itself. ‘‘Nothing in this section shall be con-strued as altering the Foundation’s in-tellectual merit or broader impacts cri-teria for evaluating grant applica-tions.’’ Despite what just might have been told, we don’t interfere with the merit- review process whatsoever. The other thing is, when you come up with an example, as the gentleman just gave, it is clearly in the national inter-est. All we are asking is that the expla-nation show why it is in the national interest. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), who is the chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. I thank the gen-tleman from Texas, the chairman, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.043 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH680 February 10, 2016 
yielding this time and for his leader-ship on this issue. Mr. Chairman, last month the Con-gressional Budget Office released an updated deficit projection for fiscal year 2016. The CBO now expects that our deficit will be $544 billion this year, which is an increase from the original projection of $414 billion. Now, more than ever, Congress needs to work diligently to reduce spending and balance the Federal budget. How-ever, it is equally important for us to make sure that every taxpayer dollar that is spent is used responsibly. That is why I am an original cospon-sor of the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act. It will help en-sure that the National Science Founda-tion, one of our Nation’s most critical research agencies, is using its funding in the most beneficial way possible. This bill requires the NSF to explain how each of its grants further Amer-ica’s best interests. This could be done through advancing STEM education, national defense, economic competi-tiveness, public health, or other key priorities. By requiring the NSF to justify its research, this bill will help crack down on frivolous government programs. And, yes, Mr. Chairman, there are friv-olous government programs. For example, the NSF is currently spending $374,000 of taxpayer money on a study of the ups and downs of senior citizens’ dating experiences. While we all want, I am sure, Americans to enjoy their romantic lives throughout the year, we cannot afford this type of wasteful taxpayer spending when we have a $19 trillion debt. This commonsense legislation will ensure that NSF research is well di-rected and that it will help prevent val-uable taxpayer dollars from being wasted. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentle-woman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Chair, I oppose this bill, which represents an effort by politicians to overrule expert scientists in deciding which scientific grants the NSF should fund. In defense of their misguided effort, some of my colleagues like to pick a grant and poke fun at it or trivialize it or simply state that, in their opinion, it is not worth funding. One of the grants that has been sin-gled out is entitled Participant Sup-port for the Zero Emissions Category of the Clean Snowmobile Challenge. Snowmobiles are ideal modes of transportation in extreme polar loca-tions. This grant funded the Clean Snowmobile Challenge in which stu-dents formed teams to engineer a lower emissions snowmobile. Engineering competitions are both an important proving ground for new technologies and an incredible oppor-tunity for students to engage in real- world engineering challenges. My colleagues frequently talk up the importance of STEM competitions. The Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee has held entire full committee hearings on that very topic. Now some of my same colleagues would ridicule an engineering competition just be-cause it might have a climate change benefit. I hope all of my colleagues here today agree with me that encouraging and, certainly, promoting our next gen-eration of engineers is definitely in the national interest, even when it results in less pollution. This grant, singled out for ridicule by some in the majority, is just another example of why we should be concerned about the intent of this legislation. I would also like to point out that I strongly believe that the current gold standard merit-review process works and that we should not be politicizing science. The sheer number of amendments to this legislation demonstrates the flawed methodology of trying to define which research is in the national inter-est. I think all of the Members who of-fered amendments to this section would agree that important priorities have been left out. Personally, I be-lieve we have unacceptably overlooked clean drinking water and climate change. I offered an amendment with Con-gressman KILDEE that would expand the priority of advancement of health and welfare to include clean drinking water explicitly. Unfortunately, this amendment was not made in order. As we have seen in the news recently out of Flint, Michigan, we have taken our drinking water infrastructure for granted for decades. This neglect and lack of investment has caused serious public health issues. We need to invest more, but we should not invest in a 20th or, in some cases, in a 19th century drinking water system. A 21st century economy requires a 21st century infrastructure, but that cannot happen unless it is coupled with the critical research that will help us improve the construction, the oper-ation, and the maintenance of our water systems. Our Nation’s future public health and economic develop-ment are counting on it. Clean drinking water is one of many important priorities not listed in this legislation. However, beyond missing important priorities, I am concerned that this legislation will limit critical research. The exciting part of research is that, at the start, we do not know what we will find; so, we cannot accurately pre-dict ahead of time all of the implica-tions the research will have on specific national priorities. Instead, we should invest and encourage high-risk, high- reward research. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. b1515 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds. Here are some more reasons why we need this bill, and these are some more examples of how taxpayers’ dollars have been spent: $200,000 to tour Europe for an overview of the Turkish fashion veil industry; $1.5 million to study pas-ture management in Mongolia; $735,000 for the American Bar Association to follow young lawyers’ careers; $920,000 to study textile making in Iceland dur-ing the Viking era; $164,000 to study Chinese immigration to Italy in 1900. There are dozens and dozens of more examples. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) who is the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Chairman S
MITH’s bill, H.R. 3293. At a time when budget constraints and the deficit loom large and ominous, why in the world would anyone object to more transparency and accountability? Can anyone ex-plain that to me? I didn’t think so. Here is how some of our hardworking taxpayer money is being spent. Mr. Chairman, I have a list of 41 studies and programs that, if taxpayers knew, they would rise up and revolt. Some of the more notable are: $227,000 to review animal photos in Na-tional Geographic magazine. (what baboon thought that up?) $350,000 to study human-set fires in New Zealand in the 1800s. (the main ‘‘human set fire’’ here is our taxpayer dollars being burned) $200,000 to tour Europe for an overview of the Turkish fashion-veil industry. (I am re-minded that fashion is a form of ugliness so bad, it has to be changed about every 6 months!) $735,000 for the American Bar Association to follow young lawyers’ careers (3 awards). $920,000 to study textile-making in Iceland during the Viking era (2 awards). $50,000 to support STEM education in Sri Lanka. $164,000 to study Chinese immigration to Italy (1900 to present). $20,000 to study stress among people from lowland Bolivia (one of 12 awards). $147,000 to analyze fishing practices at Lake Victoria, Africa. (Heck: all you gotta do is come down to my district in Galveston TX and we’ll show you how to analyze fishing prac-tices for a lot less and you can spend that money in our country!) $147,000 to study international marriages between citizens of France and Madagascar. $50,000 to study civil lawsuits in colonial Peru (1600–1700 AD). $250,000 to survey public attitudes about the Senate filibuster rule. $300,000 to study law firms in Silicon Val-ley. $170,000 to study basket weaving among Alaskan native peoples (2 awards). Perhaps that’s what folks think Congress is majoring in. $276,000 to study the pre-history of Chiapas, Mexico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.044 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H681 February 10, 2016 
$246,000 to study migration and adoption between Peru and Spain. $134,000 to study Late Bronze Age metal-lurgy in the Southern Urals, Russia. $195,000 to contrast the histories of Pata-gonian and Amazonian national parks. $281,000 to analyze the history of Izapa, Mexico. $136,000 to study life/history transitions among indigenous people of northern Argen-tina. $27,000 to study Mayan wooden architec-ture and salt industry (600–900 AD). $92,000 to study Mexico’s public vehicle registration system. $373,000 to study Chinese kinship, wom-en’s labor and economy (1600–2000 AD). $152,000 to analyze accountability and transparency in China’s dairy industry. $300,000 to study Cyprus during the Bronze Age (2 awards). $226,000 to study cultural dynamics in west-ern Turkey. $119,000 to coordinate an international ar-cheological project in the S. American Andes. $300,000 to produce an experimental dance program about nature and physics. $516,000 to help amateurs create a video game—‘‘Relive Prom Night.’’ $200,000 to devise social media algorithms for ‘‘Truthy.com,’’ a website aimed at cen-soring political speech by Tea Party members, conservatives, etc. $605,000 to travel and study why people around the world cheat on their taxes. $193,000 to study human fish consumption in Tanzania (300–1500 AD). $221,000 to study use of ochre pigment for painting in Stone Age Kenya. $101,000 to pay for American psychologists to international conferences. $250,000 to educate local TV meteorolo-gists about climate change (2 awards). $38,000 to consider whether livestock herding families in rural, undeveloped areas have more children in response to herd growth, or if increased family size drives herd growth. $193,000 to study human fish consumption in Tanzania (1300–1500 AD). $38,000 to study prehistoric rabbit hunting on the Iberian Peninsula. $1.8 million to study the potential of com-mercial fish farming at Lake Victoria, Africa. $330,000 to study the careers of 2,500 new lawyers in Russia. $1.5 million to study pasture management in Mongolia. Mr. Chairman, some of the more no-table are: $227,000 to review animal photos in National Geographic magazine. What baboon thought that up? $350,000 to study human-set fires in New Zealand in the 1800s. The only thing being set on fire here is tax-payers’ dollars. $200,000 to tour Europe for an over-view of the Turkish fashion veil indus-try. I am reminded what a friend of mine says. He says fashion is a form of ugliness so bad that we have to change it every 6 months, and yet we want to study it over in another country. $147,000 to analyze fishing practices at Lake Victoria, Africa. Heck, folks, if y’all come on down to Galveston, Texas, we will show y’all how to fish and analyze that, and you can spend money in our country. $170,000 to study basket weaving among Alaskan Native peoples. Is it any wonder that most of Americans think Congress must major in basket weaving? These are just some of the more no-table ones, Mr. Chairman. I could go on through the 41 on the list. For exam-ple, $330,000 to study the careers of 2,500 new lawyers in Russia. It is not that we don’t have enough lawyers over here in America; now we are concerned about the ones in Russia. I could go on and on, Mr. Chairman. I just want to simply say, I urge my colleagues to support transparency and accountability on behalf of our con-stituents and taxpayers. After all, they are paying the freight for this stuff. Shouldn’t we be open and accountable to them? I commend Chairman S
MITH for his bill and for putting hardworking tax-paying Americans first. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I rise to voice my strong opposition to H.R. 3293, the legislation of my friend, Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, the so-called Scientific Research in the National Interest Act. I understand the genesis of this bill: Mr. S
MITH’s dismay at some of the ti-tles of the National Science Founda-tion’s funded research. This bill is the wrong approach to ad-dressing the very occasional misuse of NSF grants, and it represents classic short-term thinking. I am a businessman, and I know of no one in the business community who wants politicians or government to de-cide business winners or losers. Of course, none of us, Democrat or Republican, believe that politicians should be making science decisions ei-ther. I believe Representative B
ILL F
OSTER is the only Ph.D. scientist in the House, and the rest of us don’t qualify. By proclaiming the seven definitions of what science is in the national inter-est, we politicians are, in fact, deciding what is worthy of scientific research. By the way, no one on this side yet has raised any objections to the trans-parency or the accountability of the National Science Foundation. That completely mischaracterizes our objec-tions. These standards sound constructive and benign—increased economic activ-ity, advancement of health and wel-fare, support for the national defense, et cetera—but only one of the seven definitions even mentions science. The last one says for the ‘‘promotion of the progress of science for the United States,’’ whatever that means. Where, oh, where is the commitment to basic research, the kind of funda-mental research that I know all of us value? Listen to all the funny names that would have sounded especially funny at the time: Would Einstein’s 1905 papers on special relativity, on the photo-electric effect, and on Brownian mo-tion even qualify under the seven defi-nitions? How about Niels Bohr’s re-search on quantum mechanics? How about Murray Gell-Mans’ work on par-ticle physics in quarks? How about Rosalind Franklin’s work on the crys-tallography of DNA? My college roommate spent 4 years at Berkeley, 1972 to 1976, studying something called Roman spectroscopy. He had no idea what it would do. Today we call them MRIs. That is the whole point of basic re-search. We don’t know where it will lead. We don’t know that it is in the national interest. It just adds to our knowledge. On the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, we reveled in the NASA presentation of the Pluto photo-graphs. How does our New Horizons mission to Pluto possibly qualify under the seven definitions of the national in-terest? I respect that the chair of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee wants the NSF funds expended into legitimate scientific research. I agree. Mr. SMITH used the phrase ‘‘de-monstrably in the national interest.’’ How could we definitely know, when all of basic research is, by definition, long term rather than short term? Let’s let the scientists decide and op-pose this well-meaning but ill-con-ceived legislation. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds. To those who are on the other side, I really again encourage them to read the bill. It is three pages long. There is nothing in the bill that says we are going to tell the scientists what to do or think. It is very clear, in the exam-ples that the gentleman just gave, that all of those are connected to the na-tional interest. If a scientist can’t ex-plain that, then there are greater prob-lems than we might expect. The other point is, to repeat what I said a while ago, if you oppose the na-tional interest standard, you are too late. The National Science Foundation Director has incorporated the national interest standard in the current guide-lines. If you want to oppose the bill be-cause you don’t want to make the standard permanent, that is your pre-rogative, but don’t oppose the national interest standard that is in the current guidelines. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPIN-
SKI), who is an original cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I want to start where we all have agreement. I think everyone would acknowledge that they want research funded by the NSF to be in the Nation’s interest. We agree the Nation’s interest is furthered by promoting scientific progress. That is certainly one of the principal rea-sons that I have served on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for 12 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.022 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH682 February 10, 2016 
We also have some disagreements. I have respectfully disagreed with the chairman over his criticisms of some NSF grants. At a hearing in November of 2013, I spoke out strongly against a very different NSF bill, and I believe some people are confusing that bill with this bill that we have here today. If you read this bill’s text, I don’t be-lieve you can find anything that could undermine the merit review process at the NSF. In fact, I think this bill will help protect the NSF from future at-tacks and make the Foundation stronger. H.R. 3293 says research funded by the NSF must be worthy of Federal fund-ing and in the national interest. The national interest is defined by a series of broad criteria, one of which is that a grant have the potential to promote ‘‘the progress of science for the United States.’’ It is difficult to conceive of research that would be recommended by an NSF peer review panel that would not meet that standard. Thus, it is difficult for me to see how this standard could harm the work that the Foundation does. The bill clearly states that it is the job of the Foundation to determine what is worthy of funding, not politi-cians, and that nothing in the bill would alter NSF’s blunted peer review process, which we agree is the gold standard for funding scientific re-search. As a scientist myself, I believe this is as it should be. Nevertheless, there have been sugges-tions that this bill is politicians cre-ating a political filter on what research should be funded, but it is striking how similar this language is to the broader impacts criterion that we advanced in a bipartisan fashion in the 2010 COM-PETES Reauthorization Act. There was no concern at the time about that language being a political filter, nor was there any concern that broader im-pacts be applied to a portfolio of grants, rather than individual awards. Furthermore, at the time, the Foun-dation already had broader impact cri-terion as part of their review process, yet this committee still acted to put the criteria in statute. And the ease with which NSF has implemented the broader impacts criteria suggests to me that they could implement this lan-guage without changing the nature of the research they fund. There is some concern that this bill would cause the Foundation to become more risk averse or applied, not fund-ing breakthrough grants like the one that started Google. So let’s take a look at that grant. The NSF funded the Stanford Inte-grated Digital Library Project in 1994, and the research conducted through that grant, as well as other private and public support, including a graduate re-search fellowship for Sergey Brin, led to the algorithms that were the intel-lectual basis of Google. The purpose of that grant, as stated in the abstract, was ‘‘to develop the en-abling technologies for a single, inte-grated and ‘universal’ library, proving uniform access to the large number of emerging networked information sources and collections.’’ Even putting aside the emerging collections on the Web that could be impacted, that grant clearly seemed to have the potential to promote the progress of computer science and be worthy of Federal fund-ing and, thus, would have been funded under the provisions of this bill. Indeed, the debate around this bill has focused less on the language in the bill and more on the concern of inten-tions behind the bill. As I have said, I have disagreed with recent criticisms of the NSF. Time has shown us that some of William Proxmire’s Golden Fleece Awardees have proven to be golden geese, as Ranking Member J
OHNSON mentioned in her opening statement. I think much of the criticism of grants comes from misunderstandings. This bill can help prevent misunder-standings or at least give NSF a better ability to defend its work. This will come from the requirement that ab-stracts be rewritten to more plainly ex-plain the purpose of a grant. I applaud the NSF for steps they have already taken to better explain why scientific research is valuable and to better explain why promoting the progress of science is in the Nation’s interest and worthy of Federal funds. This policy and this bill will further help the NSF defend worthwhile grants. All of us may never see eye to eye on what types of research should be sup-ported by the Federal Government. For example, I see more value in social science and geoscience than many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and I never miss an opportunity to point that out. But far from acting as a political fil-ter, I believe this bill will help the NSF continue to be the world’s preeminent foundation in funding scientific re-search, and that is why I ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to point out that this grant was mentioned earlier in remarks. In defense of their misguided efforts, some of our colleagues like to pick cer-tain grants and make fun of them—just as has just been said—and then say they are not worth funding. One of the grants that my colleagues like to pick on is a grant entitled, ‘‘Ecosystems Resilience to Human Im-pacts: Ecological Consequences of Early Human-Set Fires in New Zea-land.’’ It may be easy for some of my colleagues to question why the Federal Government should spend money on studying fires that were set in a for-eign country hundreds of years ago. Apparently, it is harder for them to spend 5 minutes reading the abstract. It turns out that those early settlers in New Zealand caused the loss of more than 40 percent of the forests in just decades. By studying the long-term ef-fect on the ecosystem impacts of those long-ago fires, we can gain knowledge to help natural resource managers make smarter decisions about how to mitigate, prepare for, and respond to massive wildfires in our own country. It is right in the public interest. Just to put an economic figure to this, in 2012, the United States spent $2 billion to suppress over 65,000 wildland fires that burned over 9 million acres. b1530 It sounds like this is of national in-terest to study the long term impact of fires that were set so many years ago. I choose to stand with the scientists when it comes to science. For that rea-son, I really uphold this misguided bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have one more Member on the way to the floor to speak, and then I am pre-pared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I have no further re-quests for time. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), who is on his way to the podium right now. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3293, the Sci-entific Research in the National Inter-est Act. The National Science Foundation spends $7 billion in taxpayer funds, most of which goes to important re-search that helps advance America’s competitive edge. However, the NSF has funded far too many wasteful projects that are not in the national interest. Here are several examples: $1.5 mil-lion to study pasture management in Mongolia; $147,000 to study inter-national marriages between the citi-zens of France and Madagascar; $20,000 to study stress among the people of Bo-livia. While the NSF has begun to imple-ment some new internal policies that are intended to increase transparency and accountability, this bill will help strengthen those reforms and make them permanent. The Director of the NSF even testi-fied before the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee that the policy of H.R. 3293 is ‘‘compatible with the NSF’s internal guidelines.’’ I highly commend Chairman L
AMAR  S
MITH for his leadership on this impor-tant bill, and I encourage my col-leagues to very much support it. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, once again, I stand with the scientists. I also stand with the President’s potential state-ment. If this bill is presented to the President, scientists have rec-ommended that he veto it. I stand with the scientists again and ask the people to vote against this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.047 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H683 February 10, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time. I am glad that the gentlewoman brought up the administration’s posi-tion on this bill because it is abso-lutely no surprise. When President Obama was elected, he promised that this would be the most transparent administration in history. It has turned out to be the exact opposite. Opposing a bill to bring more trans-parency to government, more account-ability to the National Science Foun-dation is a perfect natural for this ad-ministration. Let me give you some more exam-ples. According to an analysis of Fed-eral data by the Associated Press, the Obama administration set new records 2 years in a row for denying the media access to government files. More than that, in an unprecedented letter to several congressional commit-tees, 47 inspectors general, who are the official watchdogs of Federal agencies, complained that the Justice Depart-ment, EPA, and others consistently ob-struct their work by blocking or delay-ing access to critical information. This is the record, this is the history of an administration who opposes this bill. Again, a bill that is going to bring transparency and accountability to the Federal Government. Mr. Chairman, it seems obvious to most of us and to most Americans that taxpayer-funded grants should be in the national interest, but let me ad-dress some of the false arguments that have been presented by Members on the other side. Opponents claim that the bill inter-feres with the merit-review process for approving grants. This is false. The three-page bill clearly states ‘‘nothing in this section shall be construed as al-tering the Foundation’s intellectual merit or broader impacts criteria for evaluating grant applications.’’ Scientists still make the decisions. They just do not get a blank check written by the taxpayer. They need to be accountable to the American people by showing that their proposals are in the national interest. What the bill does do is ensure that the results of the peer-review process are transparent and that the broader societal impact of the research is bet-ter communicated to the public. This makes it clear how the grant is in the national interest. Another common falsehood spread by opponents of the bill is that it means research projects will be judged by the title as to whether or not they are wor-thy of Federal funding. Again, this is false. The bill actually corrects a past problem with some NSF-funded grants. Often, the title and an incomprehen-sible summary were all that was pub-licly available about a research grant. The bill ensures that a project’s bene-fits are clearly communicated to earn the public support and trust. Research-ers should embrace the opportunity to better explain to the American people the potential value of their work. Finally, opponents have claimed that the bill discourages high-risk, high-re-ward research. Once again, this is false. Research with the potential to be groundbreaking is almost always wor-thy of Federal funding and in the na-tional interest. Basic research, by its very nature, is uncertain regarding outcomes and re-sults, but payoffs to society, quality of life, and standards of living can be transformative. Research that has the potential to address some of society’s greatest chal-lenges is what the NSF should be fund-ing. Improving computing and cybersecu-rity, advancing new energy sources, discovering new medicines and cures, and creating advanced materials are just some of the ways that NSF-funded research can help create millions of new jobs and transform society in a positive way. On the other hand, how does spending $700,000 on a climate change musical encourage breakthrough research? There may well be good answers to those questions, but we weren’t able to come up with them, and neither was the National Science Foundation. When the NSF funds projects that don’t meet such standards, there is less money to support worthwhile research that keeps our country at the forefront of innovation. Both the National Science Founda-tion Director and the National Science Board have endorsed the principle that NSF should be more accountable in its grant-funding decisions. Why would Congress oppose such a commonsense requirement? Why do op-ponents of this bill think they know better than the NSF Director, who has approved the national interest stand-ard in the current guidelines? It is just inconceivable to me that an elected U.S. Representative would op-pose requiring government grants fund-ed by the U.S. taxpayer to be spent in the national interest. Whose money do they think the NSF spends on these frivolous research grants? The tax-payers should know how their hard- earned dollars are, in fact, being spent. I ask my colleagues to bolster trans-parency and accountability, protect American taxpayers, and promote good, fundamental science and basic research. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois who spoke just a minute ago. He made a really, really good point that I want to repeat, and that is that this bill is actually going to help strengthen the National Science Foundation because it is going to give it more credibility and tax-payers are going to have more assur-ance that their hard-earned money is being spent on worthwhile projects that are, in fact, in the national inter-est. Mr. Chairman, taxpayers spend $6 bil-lion; $6 billion is being spent by the Na-tional Science Foundation. They only approve one out of five grant requests. Shouldn’t those grant proposals be in the national interest? Shouldn’t they be about breakthrough technology, technological inventions? Shouldn’t they increase productivity in America? I think that is exactly how the tax-payers’ dollars should be spent. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). The gentleman from Texas has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, what I would like to do is to give more examples of how the taxpayers’ dollars actually should not be spent. These are grants that have been approved by the National Science Foundation in the past. Again, I want to give the current Di-rector full credit. She has changed the standards. She has implemented the national interest as a part of their guidelines. But if we don’t make these guidelines permanent, this is what could happen. This is how the taxpayers’ dollars have been spent: $250,000 to survey public attitudes about the Senate filibuster rule; $276,000 to study the prehistory of Chiapas, Mexico; $246,000 to study migration and adop-tion between Peru and Spain; $136,000 to study life/history transi-tions among indigenous people of northern Argentina; $27,000 to study Mayan wooden archi-tecture and the salt industry; $152,000 to analyze accountability and transparency in China’s dairy industry; $300,000 to study Cyprus during the Bronze Age; $226,000 to study cultural dynamics in western Turkey; $119,000 to coordinate an inter-national archaeological project in the South American Andes; $60,000 to study the Gamo caste sys-tem in southwestern Ethiopia; $300,000 to produce an experimental dance program about nature and phys-ics. Speaking of that, I think there was another $516,000 to help amateurs cre-ate a video game, $516,000 to help ama-teurs create a video game called ‘‘Re-live Prom Night.’’ There is no national interest that I am aware of. If there is, they sure ought to point it out before we ask the taxpayers to spend half a million dol-lars on reliving prom night. Let’s see. $605,000 to travel and study why peo-ple around the world cheat on their taxes; $38,000 to consider whether livestock herding families expand in response to herd growth; $193,000 to study human fish con-sumption in Tanzania from 1300 to 1500 AD; $250,000 to educate local TV mete-orologists; $275,000 to study tourism in northern Norway; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.048 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH684 February 10, 2016 
$450,000 to create the Climate Change Narrative Game; $131,000 for a 1-day program about cli-mate change education using giant- screen TVs; $430,000 to study Irish climate, envi-ronment, and political change in the past 2,000 years; $2.5 million to create dioramas for the Oakland Museum of California; $590,000 to support private groups ad-vocating drastic climate change; $289,000 to study how colonialism and climate change threaten the survival of Arctic peoples in Russia; $549,000 to—I am sorry. My time is about expired, and I appreciate that. I could go on and give dozens and dozens of examples, but I think it is clear that this is not how the American taxpayers’ dollars should be spent. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3293, the so-called Sci-entific Research in the National Interest Act, a bill that would actually hinder the National Science Foundation’s (NSF) ability to meet the dynamic demands of science and provide re-sources across all scientific disciplines without political manipulations. This bill is simply an-other in a line of Republican efforts to politi-cize science and jeopardize discovery and in-novation. The NSF engages in remarkable, ground- breaking work. We must continue to support this organization and ensure that America re-mains a world-wide leader in scientific ad-vances. To that end, I cosponsored a number of amendments with my colleague from Vir-ginia, Mr. B
EYER , that would allow NSF sci-entists to further our understanding of climate and environmental science. Unfortunately my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have displayed such open hostility towards climate science and research that they won’t allow a vote on these amendments. While I believe it’s important that the NSF hold itself accountable regarding the research it funds, politicizing scientific research is short-sighted and can damage our ability to com-pete in the world economy. H.R. 3293 would interfere with ongoing efforts at NSF to better quantify and communicate the value of the re-search it funds. Mr. Chair, I am also concerned that this leg-islation will have a chilling effect on many of the scientists at NSF and throughout our sci-entific community. This bill would force sci-entists to second-guess their research based on political whims and require them to justify all their actions according to short-term re-turns, stifling high-risk, high-reward research and innovation across all fields. We must not squelch creativity, critical thinking, and the open exchange of ideas. Federal agencies like NIH and NOAA are headquartered in my district and I represent countless federally funded scientists who are advancing knowledge, discovering cures, and developing innovative technologies. I am com-mitted to ensuring that the NSF and all of our research agencies have the resources they need without being subject to superfluous po-litical tests. The valuable work done by our scientists and researchers at NSF and other institutions not only leads to the development of new innovations, but also enables our Na-tion to attract and retain the top research tal-ent in the world. In order to continue to com-pete, we need sustained investments free from political interference. I strongly oppose this bill and any other ef-forts to needlessly politicize scientific research. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3293 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Scientific Research in the National Interest Act’’. 
SEC. 2. GREATER ACCOUNTABILITY IN FEDERAL FUNDING FOR RESEARCH. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR AWARD OF GRANTS .—The National Science Foundation shall award Federal funding for basic research and edu-cation in the sciences through a new re-search grant or cooperative agreement only if an affirmative determination is made by the Foundation under subsection (b) and written justification relating thereto is pub-lished under subsection (c). (b) D
ETERMINATION .—A determination re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a justification by the responsible Foundation official as to how the research grant or cooperative agree-ment promotes the progress of science in the United States, consistent with the Founda-tion mission as established in the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and further— (1) is worthy of Federal funding; and (2) is in the national interest, as indicated by having the potential to achieve— (A) increased economic competitiveness in the United States; (B) advancement of the health and welfare of the American public; (C) development of an American STEM workforce that is globally competitive; (D) increased public scientific literacy and public engagement with science and tech-nology in the United States; (E) increased partnerships between aca-demia and industry in the United States; (F) support for the national defense of the United States; or (G) promotion of the progress of science for the United States. (c) W
RITTEN JUSTIFICATION .—Public an-nouncement of each award of Federal fund-ing described in subsection (a) shall include a written justification from the responsible Foundation official as to how a grant or co-operative agreement meets the requirements of subsection (b). (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A determination under subsection (b) shall be made after a re-search grant or cooperative agreement pro-posal has satisfied the Foundation’s reviews for Merit and Broader Impacts. Nothing in this section shall be construed as altering the Foundation’s intellectual merit or broad-er impacts criteria for evaluating grant ap-plications. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–420. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. The Chair understands amendment No. 1 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–420. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 15, through page 4, line 15, amend subsection (b) to read as follows: (b) D
ETERMINATION .—A determination re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a justification by the responsible Foundation official as to how the research grant or cooperative agree-ment— (1) by itself, or by contributing to a port-folio of research in that field or across fields, is in the national interest as reflected in the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq), namely to promote the progress of science, to advance the national health, prosperity and welfare, and to secure the national defense; and (2) is worthy of Federal funding, as dem-onstrated by having met the merit review criteria of the Foundation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 609, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, my colleague from Texas, the chairman of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, has stated many times that H.R. 3293 is consistent with the policy announced by NSF in January 2015. He also frequently cites a year old comment by NSF Director Dr. Cordova about this bill. However, it is one thing to use such vague statements in de-fense of this bill; it is quite another thing to look directly at the NSF pol-icy issued by Dr. Cordova to see what it actually says. b1545 I will quote directly from NSF’s Jan-uary 2015 policy: The nontechnical component of the NSF award abstract must serve as a public justification for NSF funding by articulating how the project serves the national interest, as stated by NSF’s mission, to promote the progress of science; to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; and to secure national defense. As Dr. Holdren, the President’s Science Adviser, said: According to the clear wording and intent of the 1950 act that created the National Science Foundation, pro-moting the progress of science through basic research is in the national inter-est. Likewise, Dr. Cordova, in describing what she means by ‘‘national interest,’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.049 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H685 February 10, 2016 
points directly to the 1950 NSF mission statement. In her policy, there is no separate list defining national interest with criteria that, in fact, promotes more applied research, not basic re-search. While the words ‘‘promoting the progress of science’’ appear in the bill before us, they do so only as an after-thought, in dead last place and added only after many versions of this bill. Now that we all understand the Na-tional Science Foundation’s actual pol-icy, I can briefly explain my amend-ment. By tying the term ‘‘national inter-est’’ to the 1950 national statement, my amendment brings the bill truly in line with the National Science Founda-tion’s own policy for transparency and accountability. My amendment also provides clarity to what we mean by the words ‘‘worthy of Federal funding,’’ by stating that anything that has passed the rigor of the National Science Foundation’s peer-review process is ‘‘worthy of Fed-eral funding.’’ In short, my amendment fixes the underlying bill by removing restric-tions that may stifle high-risk basic re-search, and by taking decisions about grant funding out of the hands of poli-ticians and putting it back in the hands of scientists, where it belongs. The National Science Foundation’s 1950 mission statement, implemented through its gold standard merit-review process, has served science and this Na-tion so well. Let’s leave it intact by passing my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment, which undermines the bill and weakens accountability and transparency. First, the amendment seeks to dilute the bill’s requirement that the grant must be worthy of Federal funding. It is difficult to understand why anyone would have objections to requiring that a research grant be worthy of taxpayer support. Worthy means: having ade-quate or great merit, character, or value; and commendable excellence or merit; deserving. The opposite of worthy of Federal funding are awards of taxpayer money to frivolous, low-priority projects, like producing a climate change musical, creating a voicemail game, or studying tourism in Norway. One would think that fundamental standards like ‘‘worthy of Federal funding’’ and ‘‘in the national inter-est’’ would already be embedded in the standards the National Science Foun-dation uses to evaluate thousands of grant applications and decide which ones should receive $6 billion in basic research grants each year. From the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee’s review of past NSF grants, we have learned that this is not always the case. This amendment eliminates the re-quirement that each grant be worthy of Federal funding. It asserts that any grant approved by NSF through its merit selection system will be consid-ered worthy of Federal funding. With this change, every NSF-funded project would be considered worthy of Federal funding, no matter how absurd. With this amendment, Congress would effectively abnegate its responsi-bility to ensure that NSF spends tax-payer dollars only on projects worthy of Federal funding. The underlying bill does not interfere with the National Science Founda-tion’s merit selection process. I have already quoted from the bill twice to-night. It only requires that NSF be transparent and explain in writing and in nontechnical terms why each re-search project that receives public funds is in the national interest. Tax-payers deserve this information. It is their money. Moreover, in order to maintain an in-creased public support for vital invest-ment in basic research, NSF must be transparent and accountable and ex-plain why every scientific investment deserves to receive hard-earned tax dollars. NSF Director France Cordova and her team at NSF understand this. That is why the NSF is implementing new policies to make NSF grant-making more transparent and understandable for the American people. These policies acknowledge the pri-mary importance of national interest in awarding tax dollars. In fact, during her testimony before the Science, Space, and Technology Committee last year, Dr. Cordova described this na-tional interest act and NSF’s new transparency policies as consistent and fully compatible with each other. I would like to remind everyone that it is not Congress’ or the NSF’s money. It is the American people’s money. The amendment offered by the rank-ing member seeks to change the sec-tion of the bill that requires NSF to ac-company public announcement of every grant award with a nontechnical expla-nation of the award’s scientific merit and national interest. My concern is that the proposed amendment would create a loophole through which blocks of hundreds of grants in a particular area of science would be justified by just one general statement. This is the opposite of ac-countability and transparency. I strongly oppose the amendment for these reasons. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, this does not do any more than what was intended under the law. It leaves it in the hands of the peer review board and not the politicians. It does nothing to make this bill worse. In fact, it improves it so that it can meet the charter of this Congress in doing its work. Every grant that goes out of the Na-tional Science Foundation is peer-re-viewed in a system that was set up 60 years ago. It has worked well. We have gained great research. I don’t think that making sure that the politicians have something to say about it makes it any better. It makes it worse. I ask for the adoption of my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, the National Science Foundation Di-rector and the National Science Board have both expressed and endorsed a principle that NSF should be more transparent and accountable in its grant funding decisions. In fact, the NSF has already incorporated the na-tional interest standard in their guide-lines. This amendment creates loopholes and dilutes the intent of the bill—a bill that NSF Director France Cordova has testified: is very compatible with the new internal NSF guidelines and with the mission statement of the National Science Foundation. I ask my colleagues to say ‘‘yes’’ to accountability and transparency and ‘‘no’’ to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I demand a re-corded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–420. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 22, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 3, line 23, redesignate paragraph (2) as paragraph (3). Page 3, after line 22, insert the following: (2) is consistent with established and wide-ly accepted scientific methods applicable to the field of study of exploration; and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 609, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, for her leadership. I also want to thank Mr. S
MITH for his chairmanship of the committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.053 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH686 February 10, 2016 
I have known the commitment to science that so many Members have. I hope that my amendment reinforces the emphasis that we have had with re-spect to science. Scientists should control the direc-tion and guidance of our research. The National Science Foundation does sim-ply that. I hope that both of my amendments contribute to that premise, and I would like to acknowl-edge the Rules Committee for making these amendments in order. The Jackson Lee amendment seeks to improve H.R. 3293 by ensuring that NSF-funded research, as it has been, remains consistent with established and widely accepted scientific methods applicable to the study of exploration. In conducting experiments or re-search in new areas of inquiry, grant recipients would now follow protocols that ensure that the outcomes of re-search are able to be reproduced by other scientists or researchers. I have always believed that science is the work that creates the ultimate work in decades and centuries to come. Having served on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee some years back, I used to always say: science is the work of the 21st century. If you create in science, innovation, products, and research, you create opportunities for jobs and products to be sold. This is what good science is all about and why basic research relies on the scientific method in the routine practice of sci-entists and researchers around the world. I fully believe that the National Science Foundation gets it. That is what their underlying work is about. The Jackson Lee amendment will support the promise that basic re-search is conducted with the expecta-tion that good science should be the underlying goal. History has shown that basic research often leads to re-sults with the utmost beneficial con-sequences for society. I would ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS and Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER for making the Jackson Lee Amendment in order for consideration under H.R. 3293, the ‘‘Scientific Research in the National Interest Act.’’ My thanks and appreciation to Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON for their support of this amendment and their staffs for working with my staff to ensure the amend-ment reflects a goal we all share. The Jackson Lee amendment improves H.R. 3293, by ensuring that NSF funded re-search, as it has been, remains consistent with established and widely accepted scientific methods applicable to the study of exploration. In conducting experiments or research in new areas of inquiry, grant recipients would now follow protocols that ensure that the out-comes of research are able to be reproduced by other scientists or researchers. This is what good science is all about and this is why basic research relies on the sci-entific method in the routine practice of sci-entists and researchers around the world. In 1950, Congress passed the National Science Foundation Act to ‘‘promote the progress of science; to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; and to secure the national defense; in addition to other pur-poses’’ by creating the National Science Foun-dation. The Act authorized and directed the Foun-dation to ‘‘initiate and support basic scientific research and programs to strengthen the po-tential of scientific research and education pro-grams at all levels in the mathematical, phys-ical, medical, biological, social, and other sciences.’’ The 1950 Act also authorized and directed NSF to fund applied scientific and engineering research. One hundred years of basic scientific re-search has revealed its value, exemplified in the advances that helped our nation win World War II and allowed Congress to appreciate science as the gateway to the pre-eminent economic global success the nation could achieve. This Jackson Lee Amendment would sup-port the promise that basic research is con-ducted with the expectation that good science should be the underlying goal. History has shown that basic research often leads to results with the utmost beneficial con-sequences for society; although, at the time that basic research is conducted, it may be impossible to predict how it will benefit the na-tion or the world. One such example is the Genomic studies of nematode worms that led to the discovery of genes that ultimately control cell death; this study in turn opened the avenues of discovery for new treatment possibilities for cancer and Alzheimer’s Disease. Additionally, basic research on atomic phys-ics led to the development of the atomic clocks that now enable the highly precise Global Positioning System (GPS) used to guide commercial aircraft to their destinations. In 2014, due to a global embrace of sci-entific research the world saw: The first landing of a space craft on the sur-face of a comet; The discovery of a new fundamental par-ticle, which provided information on the origin of the universe; Development of the world’s fastest super-computer; and A surge in research on plant biology that is uncovering new and better ways to meet glob-al food needs. Unfortunately none of these achievements were led by our nation’s researchers or sci-entists. I ask my colleagues to support this Jackson Lee Amendment so that we may make strides toward joining and surpassing our global com-petitors in the emerging scientific community. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment requires that, in ad-dition to the National Science Founda-tion making a determination that a grant is worthy of Federal funding and in the national interest, the NSF must also determine that the grant is: con-sistent with established and widely ac-cepted scientific methods applicable to the field of study or exploration. I agree that this is an important de-termination. Basic research funded by taxpayers must have a sound scientific foundation. Reproducibility—the ability of an en-tire experiment or study to be dupli-cated—especially by someone else working independently, is the gold standard in the scientific method. NSF should ensure that the research it funds meets this gold standard so taxpayer dollars do not go to waste. I thank the gentlewoman for her amendment, and I do support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman from Texas and the ranking member for their support. With that, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–420. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 22, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 3, line 23, redesignate paragraph (2) as paragraph (3). Page 3, after line 22, insert the following: (2) is consistent with the definition of basic research as it applies to the purpose and field of study; and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 609, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I restate my earlier premise that science is the work of the 21st century. Maybe we will be saying the 22nd century. Be-cause when you are innovative and do research, you create jobs and opportu-nities. This amendment establishes that basic research is in the national interest of the United States. Let me suggest to you that we have a lot of universities in this country. When I travel, I always hear individ-uals seeking to come to be taught in American institutions of higher edu-cation. It is because of the creative thought and, in many instances, the re-search that is done, whether in medi-cine or all the forms of science and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.056 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H687 February 10, 2016 
technology, because we have a free- flowing basis upon which people can think and invent. I want that to con-tinue. I want the National Science Foundation to be at the cornerstone of that. I will include in the R
ECORD an arti-cle titled, ‘‘The Future Postponed.’’ Why Declining Investment in Basic Re-search Threatens a U.S. Innovation Deficit. 
[From the Massachusetts Institute of Technology] T
HEFUTURE POSTPONED  
WHY DECLINING INVESTMENT IN BASIC RE -
SEARCH THREATENS A U .S. INNOVATION DEF -
ICIT (A Report by the MIT Committee to Evaluate the Innovation Deficit) 2014 was a year of notable scientific high-lights, including: the first landing on a comet, which has al-ready shed important light on the formation of the Earth; the discovery of a new fundamental par-ticle, which provides critical information on the origin of the universe; development of the world’s fastest super-computer; a surge in research on plant biology that is uncovering new and better ways to meet global food requirements. None of these, however, were U.S.-led achievements. The first two reflected 10- year, European-led efforts; the second two are Chinese accomplishments, reflecting that nation’s emergence as a science and technology power. Hence the wide-spread concern over a growing U.S. innovation def-icit, attributable in part to declining public investment in research (see figure). This report provides a number of tangible examples of under-exploited areas of science and likely consequences in the form of an in-novation deficit, including: opportunities with high potential for big payoffs in health, energy, and high-tech in-dustries; fields where we risk falling behind in crit-ical strategic capabilities such as supercom-puting, secure information systems, and na-tional defense technologies; areas where national prestige is at stake, such as space exploration, or where a lack of specialized U.S. research facilities is driving key scientific talent to work overseas. This introduction also cites examples of the benefits from basic research that have helped to shape and maintain U.S. economic power, as well as highlighting industry trends that have made university basic re-search even more critical to future national economic competitiveness. Basic research is often misunderstood, be-cause it often seems to have no immediate payoff. Yet it was just such federally-funded research into the fundamental working of cells, intensified beginning with the ‘‘War on Cancer’’ in 1971, that led over time to a grow-ing arsenal of sophisticated new anti-cancer therapies—19 new drugs approved by the U.S. FDA in the past 2 years. Do we want similar progress on Alzheimer’s, which already af-fects 5 million Americans, more than any single form of cancer? Then we should ex-pand research in neurobiology, brain chem-istry, and the science of aging (see Alz-heimer’s Disease). The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is a reminder of how vulnerable we are to a wider pandemic of emergent viral diseases, because of a lack of research on their biology; an even greater public health threat looms from the rise of antibiotic re-sistant bacteria right here at home, which, because commercial incentives are lacking, only expanded university-based research into new types of antibiotics can address (see In-fectious Disease). America’s emergence last year as the world’s largest oil producer has been justly celebrated as a milestone for energy inde-pendence. But the roots of the fracking revo-lution stem from federally-funded research— begun in the wake of the first OPEC oil em-bargo 40 years ago—that led to directional drilling technology, diamond drill bits tough enough to cut shale, and the first major hy-draulic fracturing experiments. Do we also want the U.S. to be a leader in clean energy technologies a few decades hence, when these will be needed for large scale replacement of fossil energy sources, a huge global market? Then now is when more investment in ad-vanced thin film solar cells, new battery con-cepts, and novel approaches to fusion energy should begin (see Materials Discovery and Processing, Batteries, Fusion Energy). Some areas of research create opportuni-ties of obvious economic importance. Catal-ysis, for example, is already a $500 billion in-dustry in the United States alone and plays a critical role in the manufacture of vir-tually every fuel, all types of plastics, and many pharmaceuticals. Yet today’s catalysts are relatively inefficient and require high temperatures compared to those (such as en-zymes) that operate in living things. So the potential payoff in both reduced environ-mental impact and a powerful economic edge for countries that invest in efforts to under-stand and replicate these biological cata-lysts—as Germany and China already are— could be huge (see Catalysis). The U.S. also lags in two other key areas: developing ad-vances in plant sciences that can help meet growing world needs for food while sup-porting U.S. agricultural exports, and the growing field of robotics that is important not only for automated factories but for a whole new era of automated services such as driverless vehicles (see Plant Sciences and Robotics). In an increasingly global and competitive world, where knowledge is created and first applied has huge economic consequences: some 50 years after the rise of Silicon Valley, the U.S. still leads in the commercial appli-cation of integrated circuits, advanced elec-tronic devices, and internet businesses. But foreseeable advances in optical integrated circuits, where both Europe and Japan are investing heavily, is likely to completely re-shape the $300 billion semiconductor indus-try that today is largely dominated by U.S. companies (see Photonics). In this area and other fields of science that will underlie the innovation centers of the future, U.S. leader-ship or even competitiveness is at risk. Syn-thetic biology—the ability to redesign life in the lab—is another area that has huge poten-tial to transform bio-manufacturing and food production and to create breakthroughs in healthcare—markets that might easily ex-ceed the size of the technology market. But it is EU scientists that benefit from superior facilities and dedicated funding and are lead-ing the way (see Synthetic Biology). Re-search progress in many such fields increas-ingly depends on sophisticated modern lab-oratories and research instruments, the growing lack of which in the U.S. is contrib-uting to a migration of top talent and re-search leadership overseas. Some areas of research are so strategically important that for the U.S. to fall behind ought to be alarming. Yet Chinese leadership in supercomputing—its Tianhe-2 machine at the Chinese National University of Defense in Guangzhou has won top ranking for the third year in a row and can now do quadril-lions of calculations per second—is just such a straw in the wind. Another is our apparent and growing vulnerability to cyberattacks of the type that have damaged Sony, major banks, large retailers, and other major com-panies. Ultimately, it will be basic research in areas such as photonics, cybersecurity, and quantum computing (where China is in-vesting heavily) that determine leadership in secure information systems, in secure long distance communications, and in super-com-puting (see Cybersecurity and Quantum In-formation Systems). Recent budget cuts have impacted U.S. efforts in all these areas. Also, technologies are now in view that could markedly improve the way we protect our soldiers and other war fighters while im-proving their effectiveness in combat (see Defense Technology). It is not just areas of science with obvious applications that are important. Some ob-servers have asked, ‘‘What good is it?’’ of the discovery of the Higgs boson (the particle re-ferred to above, which fills a major gap in our understanding of the fundamental nature of matter). But it is useful to remember that similar comments might have been made when the double helix structure of DNA was first understood (many decades before the first biotech drug), when the first transistor emerged from research in solid state physics (many decades before the IT revolution), when radio waves were first discovered (long before radios or broadcast networks were even conceived of). We are a remarkably in-ventive species, and seem always to find ways to put new knowledge to work. Other potential discoveries could have global impacts of a different kind. Astrono-mers have now identified hundreds of planets around other stars, and some of them are clearly Earth-like. Imagine what it would mean to our human perspective if we were to discover evidence of life on these planets—a signal that we are not alone in the uni-verse—from observations of their planetary atmospheres, something that is potentially within the technical capability of space- based research within the next decade? Or if the next generation of space telescopes can discover the true nature of the mysterious ‘‘dark matter’’ and ‘‘dark energy’’ that ap-pear to be the dominant constituents of the universe (see Space Exploration). Do we want more efficient government, more market-friendly regulatory structures? Social and economic research is increasingly able to provide policymakers with useful guidance. Witness the way government has helped to create mobile and broadband mar-kets by auctioning the wireless spectrum— complex, carefully-designed auctions based on insights from game theory and related re-search that have netted the federal govern-ment more than $60 billion while catalyzing huge new industries and transformed the way we live and do business. Empowered by access to more government data and Big Data tools, such research could point the way to still more efficient government (see Enabling Better Policy Decisions). In the past, U.S. industry took a long term view of R&D and did fundamental research, activities associated with such entities as the now-diminished Bell Labs and Xerox Park. That’s still the case in some other countries such as South Korea. Samsung, for example, spent decades of effort to develop the underlying science and manufacturing behind organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) before commercializing these into the now familiar, dramatic displays in TVs and many other digital devices. But today, as competitive pressures have increased, basic research has essentially disappeared from U.S. companies, leaving them depend-ent on federally-funded, university-based basic research to fuel innovation. This shift means that federal support of basic research is even more tightly coupled to national eco-nomic competitiveness. Moreover, there will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.059 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH688 February 10, 2016 
always be circumstances when private in-vestment lags—when the innovation creates a public good, such as clean air, for which an investor can’t capture the value, or when the risk is too high, such as novel approaches to new antibiotic drugs, or when the technical complexity is so high that there is funda-mental uncertainty as to the outcome, such as with quantum computing or fusion en-ergy. For these cases, government funding is the only possible source to spur innovation. This central role of federal research sup-port means that sudden changes in funding levels such as the recent sequester can dis-rupt research efforts and cause long term damage, especially to the pipeline of sci-entific talent on which U.S. research leader-ship ultimately depends. In a survey of the effects of reduced research funding con-ducted by the Chronicle of Higher Education last year among 11,000 recipients of NIH and NSF research grants, nearly half have aban-doned an area of investigation they consid-ered critical to their lab’s mission, and more than three quarters have fired or failed to hire graduate students and research fellows. Other evidence suggests that many of those affected switch careers, leaving basic re-search behind forever. Despite these challenges, the potential benefits from expanding basic research sum-marized in these pages—an innovation divi-dend that could boost our economy, improve human lives, and strengthen the U.S. strate-gically—are truly inspiring. We hope you will find the information useful. 
b1600 What this paper cites, in 2014, notable scientific advancements included land-ing of a manmade Earth object on a comet, discovery of a new fundamental particle which provided vital informa-tion on the origin of the universe, de-velopment of the world’s fastest super-computer, and a tremendous increase in plant biology that is discovering new and better ways to make global food requirements. None of these, however, Mr. Chair-man, were U.S.-led. So my amendment turns our attention, again, maybe to the obvious. Maybe if I say Alexander Bell, as we learned as children in school, everybody knew that he created the telephone. George Washington Carver was asso-ciated with the many scientific discov-eries out of a single peanut, someone that those of us, in this month of Afri-can American History, when they would teach us African American His-tory, we would all know George Wash-ington Carver, that we had a real role model that was a scientist and that generated probably thousands of sci-entists, people of African American heritage and beyond. So I want my amendment to empha-size that we want the long list of inno-vation to be on our side and to con-tinue the tradition and trajectory that we have had of basic research that then applies to all levels to create opportu-nities of work and genius that is here in this country. I ask my colleagues to support my amendment. I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS and Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER for making three Jackson Lee Amendments in order for consideration under H.R. 3293, the ‘‘Scientific Research in the National Interest Act.’’ My thanks and appreciation to Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON ’s staff for working with my staff on drafting this amendment. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 4—adds to the list of goals in the national interest—the conduct of basic research that follow well es-tablished protocols and scientific methods. The scientific method—it is what happens every day and can lead to basic research ex-periments conducted by scientists. Basic research is the foundation of tomor-row’s innovations. The Jackson Lee Amendment will help en-sure that the nature of basic research is pre-served because without basic research the United States will be dependent on others to make and reap the tremendous economic re-wards from new discoveries. Applied science depends on a well-ground-ed understanding of the basic research that leads to discovery. I call my colleagues attention to a groundbreaking report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology entitled ‘‘The Future Postponed: Why Declining Investment in Basic Research Threatens a U.S. Innovation Def-icit.’’ For much of our history, the United States’ industries took a long term view of research and development and did fundamental re-search, activities associated with basic re-search at Bell Labs and Xerox Park. Today, as competitive pressures have in-creased, basic research has essentially dis-appeared from U.S. companies, leaving them dependent upon federally-funded, university- based basic research to fuel innovation. In 2014, notable scientific advancements in-cluded: 1. landing of a man made earth object on a comet; 2. discovery of a new fundamental particle, which provided vital information on the origin of the universe; development of the world’s fastest supercomputer; and 3. a tremendous increase in plant biology that is discovering new and better ways to meet global food requirements. These are wonderful accomplishments, but none of them were U.S. led. The first two were European in origin and the second two were accomplished by China. China landed the Jade Rabbit, its first lunar probe on the moon, and on Sunday North Korea launched a long range rocket that put a satellite into space that flew over the location of the Super Bowl. The Jackson Lee Amendment is intended to strengthen the nation’s commitment to basic research so that the United States remains preeminent in the field of discovery. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), her second amendment that we are ac-cepting on this side of the aisle. I believe this amendment, in com-bination with the previous amendment, aims to ensure that the National Science Foundation grants fund re-search that meets the highest stand-ards so taxpayer dollars are not wasted on frivolous grants or poorly designed research proposals. This amendment recognizes the Na-tional Science Foundation’s basic re-search mission and endorses applying the bill’s national interest standards and criteria to National Science Foun-dation’s basic research grants. I thank the gentlewoman for her amendment, and I support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman for supporting this amendment, and I thank the ranking member for supporting it. In closing, Mr. Chairman, let me say that, in addition to following protocol, we must invest funds, money, in basic research. But I also want to take note of some-thing that I have watched over the years, and I have added amendments, and I have seen the growth. One of my first acts on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee was to utilize laboratory tools or equip-ment that were no longer needed by the Federal Government in its national science lab to give them to middle schools and high schools so that they would have access to this kind of equipment. Many of us know that there are schools all throughout America who are deficient in science labs. I see them in my district. I hear about them. I think the other important point is that, over the years, we have expanded the research collaboration to Histori-cally Black Colleges, Hispanic-Serving Institutions, Native American-Serving, rural, and colleges that serve the eco-nomically disadvantaged. Those are good things because we don’t know where the genius is Amer-ica and how many people may come up with outstanding research. So I hope that we do focus on how important basic research is. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–420. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, line 6, insert ‘‘, including computer science and information technology sec-tors,’’ after ‘‘workforce’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 609, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.024 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H689 February 10, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer this amendment to ensure the Na-tional Science Foundation can con-tinue investing in the development of an American workforce that is globally competitive in computer science and information technology. This has been a bipartisan goal in the past, and I am hopeful everyone in this Chamber will be able to support it. Computing technology has become an integral part of our lives, transforming our society and our Nation’s economy. Nowhere is this clearer than in the Puget Sound region. I have the honor of representing Washington’s First Dis-trict, which has some of the world’s leading software companies and tech-nology innovators. But the same can be seen across the country. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there will be roughly 10 million STEM jobs by 2020 and, of those jobs, half are expected to be in computing and information tech-nology. That is nearly 5 million good- paying jobs. But unless we step up our game, our country won’t have enough computer science graduates to fill those positions. Today, there continues to be a sub-stantial shortage of Americans with the skills needed to fill computing jobs, and too few of our students are being given the opportunity to learn computer science, both at the K–12 level and in college. What is worse, dra-matic disparities remain for girls and students of color. Last year, less than 25 percent of stu-dents taking the AP Computer Science exam were girls, while less than 15 per-cent were African American or Latino. To remain economically competitive, we need to make smart investments now to address these disparities and ensure we have a strong 21st century workforce in the decades to come. Thankfully, NSF supports vital re-search and development projects to help prepare the next generation to compete in STEM jobs, something we all agree is an important goal. My amendment simply clarifies that, under the legislation, NSF can also in-vest in projects aimed at developing an American workforce that is globally competitive in computing and informa-tion technology, sectors that are see-ing enormous growth here at home and around the globe. If we want our students to be pre-pared for the digital economy, NSF must be able to fund projects that sup-port the teaching and learning of es-sential computer science skills like coding, programming, designing, and debugging. My amendment will do just that. It will ensure we are looking for-ward and preparing students for the college degrees and careers of the fu-ture. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment, but I do not oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I accept the gentlewoman’s amendment. It clarifies that it is in the national in-terest to fund grants that support the development of an American STEM workforce that is globally competitive and that includes computer science and the information technology sectors. In October, the President signed into law the STEM Education Act, a bill that I introduced with my colleague Ms. E
STY, which expands the definition of STEM to include computer science. This amendment reinforces that new Federal definition of STEM. It is a per-fecting amendment to the bill, and I welcome it. I agree with my colleague that it is in the national interest to support cre-ating training a STEM workforce which includes computer science, and I support her amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. I want to thank the chairman for his support. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–420. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, after line 3, add the following: (e) C
LARIFICATION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to impact Federal funding for research grants or cooperative agree-ments awarded by the National Science Foundation prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 609, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an important amendment for sci-entists across the country who are en-gaged in ongoing research funded by the National Science Foundation. As everyone in this Chamber knows, research and innovation are central to American competitiveness and driving our national economy. Each year, in-vestments in research through NSF help us push the boundaries of sci-entific knowledge, support new indus-tries, and address the challenges facing our society. I don’t think anyone would deny that funding for NSF has overwhelmingly benefited our country. It is also key to our country’s economic growth. Fund-ing new explorations in science and technology is how we stay on the cut-ting edge of research; it is how we con-tinue to compete globally in the 21st century economy. That is why I have serious concerns about the implications of the under-lying legislation, which needlessly in-serts a layer of political review into the scientific research process. To re-main a world leader, we need to ensure scientists are exploring transformative new ideas and frontiers based on the merits of their research, not the sub-jective opinions of politicians in Con-gress. Unfortunately, those subjective opin-ions are exactly what is being injected into the process under this legislation; and what is worse, it has the potential to put ongoing research at risk. By changing the rules about how NSF funding is awarded, scientists across the country may rightfully be con-cerned about how this legislation af-fects the important work that they are doing today. As someone who started her career in research, I can tell you firsthand it is incredibly important that you have the certainty to see a project through to the end. Starting and stopping research is highly detrimental. We should provide scientists the long-term visibility to know their on-going research can be completed with-out interference from politicians, and that is precisely what my amendment does. My amendment simply clarifies that the underlying legislation does not impact any grant funding that has already been awarded by the NSF. It is critical that we pass it to ensure ongo-ing research is not disrupted by this unfortunate bill. Mr. Chairman, research isn’t a spigot you can turn on and off. I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I accept the gentlewoman’s amendment. It clarifies that the new requirements in the bill do not apply to grants that have already been awarded by the Na-tional Science Foundation. I agree that the bill is not intended to be retro-active. In January 2015, NSF began to imple-ment new internal guidelines that pro-mote accountability and transparency. These guidelines are compatible with this bill, but the implementation of them is a work in progress. I will con-tinue to communicate with NSF about how they implement their internal guidelines, but agree that this bill will only apply to future grants, once en-acted. So, Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.063 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH690 February 10, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELBENE. I thank the chairman for his support of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
AR-
TER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater account-ability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 13 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1645 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia) at 4 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2017, COMMON SENSE NUTRI-TION DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 15, 2016, THROUGH FEBRUARY 22, 2016 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–421) on the resolution (H. Res. 611) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2017) to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and simi-lar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A, and pro-viding for proceedings during the pe-riod from February 15, 2016, through February 22, 2016, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH IN THE NATIONAL INTEREST ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 609 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3293. Will the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. BLUM) kindly take the chair. b1647 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater account-ability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest, with Mr. B
LUM(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–420, offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE), had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 235, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 68] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.065 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H691 February 10, 2016 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Castro (TX) Duckworth Fincher Gowdy Graves (GA) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Lipinski Mullin Quigley Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Shimkus Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
b1708 Messrs. SENSENBRENNER and NUGENT changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. ASHFORD and PETERS changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
OST). There being no further amendment, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia) having as-sumed the chair, Mr. B
OST, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3293) to provide for greater account-ability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that national interest, and, pur-suant to House Resolution 609, he re-ported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. EDWARDS. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Edwards moves to recommit the bill H.R. 3293 to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments: Page 4, line 13, strike ‘‘or’’. Page 4, line 15, strike the period and insert ‘‘; or’’. Page 4, after line 15, insert the folowing: (H) increased understanding of the causes and prevention of gun violence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. H.R. 3293, the deceptively entitled Scientific Research in the National In-terest Act, represents an effort by the majority to overrule expert scientists in deciding which scientific grants the Federal scientific agency should fund. What this really translates to, Mr. Speaker, is that these are areas that some politicians do not want to fund because they don’t believe in sci-entists. Just a week ago, 26-year-old NeShante Davis, a second grade teach-er in Fort Washington, and her 2-year- old daughter, Chloe, were gunned down because of child support. We have a gun violence problem in the United States. According to The American Journal of Medicine, compared to other rich na-tions, Americans are 25 times more likely to be violently killed with a fire-arm, 6 times more likely to be acciden-tally killed with a gun, 8 times more likely to commit suicide using a fire-arm, and 10 times more likely to die from a gun death overall. To address this, Americans deserve the facts and Congress needs the breadth and the data for the epidemic. Using the public health approach, we have reduced smoking among Ameri-cans from 43 percent, at the time of the first Surgeon General’s report in 1964, to 18 percent. b1715 Since the 1970s, using the public health approach, we have reduced deaths from motor vehicle crashes by more than 70 percent. In 1970, there were over 55,000 deaths from motor ve-hicle crashes per year. Today there are around 30,000. So what does the public health ap-proach yield? Well, the essence is this: define the problem, including its mag-nitude, nature, and distribution in the population; define the cause or risk and protective factors for the problem. What are the characteristics to prevent the problem? For example, educating people about the risk of guns that come with gun ownership and how to reduce that risk and develop widely implemented pro-grams using proven strategies to pre-vent the problem, public health can help solve this problem. At this time, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ), my colleague and cospon-sor of the motion. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I thank the gentlewoman from Maryland for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, on every block in every community across America, people are asking what is the Federal Government doing to keep our community safe from gun violence. They are asking for good reason. Nearly 11,000 Americans were victims of homicide by firearm in 2014. There was nearly one mass shooting for each day of the year in 2015, according to The New York Times. With these stats, are we doing enough? Can we do more? Our motion to recommit answers this question by endeavoring to understand the causes of gun violence and learning how we can curb it. As Members of Congress, we have no higher obligation than to protect those we represent. I urge all Members to live up to that responsibility. Help do all we can to re-duce gun violence. Pass this motion to recommit. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, using the public health approach, we have now eradicated smallpox, eliminated polio in most countries, reduced motor vehicle deaths by 70 percent, and re-duced smoking rates by over half. We can do something about gun vio-lence, and we have an obligation to do it today. Just think if we were able to do the same thing to address the gun violence epidemic. This is a small and yet powerful step with research—just research—that could lead to significantly reducing the number of Americans killed by fire-arms. All we want to do is look at the prob-lem. All we want to do is measure the magnitude. All we want to do is find solutions for NeShante Davis, 26 years old, and her 2-year-old daughter, Chloe, gunned down—gunned down. In every single community across this country, we can do this by ena-bling the National Science Foundation to just look into the issue and give us some answers so that we can find solu-tions. We owe it to NeShante. We owe it to Chloe. We owe it to the American people. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to treat this like the epidemic that it is. End gun violence in this country. I urge my colleagues to support my commonsense motion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to recommit. H.R. 3293, the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act, is a bipar-tisan bill that ensures the grant proc-ess at the National Science Foundation is transparent and accountable to the American people. America’s future economic growth and national security depend on inno-vation. Public and private investments in research and development fuel the economy, create jobs, and lead to new technologies that benefit Americans’ daily lives. NSF invests about $6 billion of tax-payers’ funds every year on research projects and related activities. Unfor-tunately, in recent years, the Federal Government has awarded too many grants that few Americans would con-sider to be in the national interest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.028 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH692 February 10, 2016 
Only one out of five grant proposals are approved. We cannot fund every worthy proposal, much less frivolous ones like $516,000 to create a video game called ‘‘Relive Prom Night.’’ The legislation before us reaffirms in law that every NSF grant must support research that is in the national inter-est. The 1950 enabling legislation that created the NSF set forth the Founda-tion’s mission and cited the national interest as the foundation for public support and dissemination of basic sci-entific research. The Science in the National Interest Act reaffirms and restores this crucial mission and requires the NSF grants meet at least one of seven criteria that demonstrate it is in the national inter-est. This will add transparency, ac-countability, and credibility to the NSF and its grant process. Opponents of this bill must think they know better than the NSF Direc-tor. Director Cordova testified before the House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee that the policy in H.R. 3293 is ‘‘compatible with the NSF’s internal guidelines.’’ This legis-lation makes that standard clear, ex-plicit, and permanent. Scientists still make the decisions. They just do not get a blank check signed by the taxpayer. They need to be accountable to the American people by showing their proposals are in the national interest. The National Science Foundation has supported and continues to support basic research into the causes and pre-vention of crime and mass violence. NSF-funded research has included stud-ies of violent impulse behavior, cul-tural and social factors affecting pre-disposition to violence, the links be-tween mental disorders and violent be-havior, parenting and parental influ-ences over their children’s disposition toward violent behavior, and patterns of crime and violence in American cit-ies. There is no need for this motion to recommit. In fact, it is an inappro-priate earmark. For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to reject the mo-tion to recommit and to support the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 241, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 69] AYES—177 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Castro (TX) Duckworth Fincher Gowdy Graves (GA) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Miller (FL) Mullin Quigley Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1727 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll-call No. 69, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I demand a re-corded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 178, not voting 19, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.071 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H693 February 10, 2016 
[Roll No. 70] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—178 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Blum Brooks (AL) Castro (TX) Duckworth Fincher Gowdy Graves (GA) Herrera Beutler Hudson Huizenga (MI) Kelly (IL) Kind Massie Mullin Quigley Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Westmoreland Wittman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1733 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall vote No. 70 on H.R. 3293, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was absent today to attend the funeral of a family member. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 68, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ on rollcall No. 69, I would have voted ‘‘no,’’ and on roll-call No. 70, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 68 on the Eddie Bernice Johnson Amendment for consideration of H.R. 3293—Scientific Re-search in the National Interest Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Antonio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 69 on the Motion to recommit H.R. 3293—Scientific Research in the National In-terest Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Anto-nio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. Speaker, my vote was not recorded on rollcall No. 70 on the final passage of H.R. 3293—Scientific Research in the National In-terest Act. I am not recorded because I was absent due to the birth of my son in San Anto-nio, Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY AS PART OF THE COM-MEMORATION OF THE DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 111, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mis-sissippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 111 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR HOLOCAUST DAYS OF REMEM-BRANCE CEREMONY. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on May 5, 2016, for a ceremony as part of the com-memoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. Physical prepara-tions for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such condi-tions as may be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
UNITED STATES-JORDAN DEFENSE COOPERATION ACT OF 2015 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 907) to improve defense cooperation be-tween the United States and Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States- Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.032 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH694 February 10, 2016 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) As of January 22, 2015, the United States Government has provided $3,046,343,000 in as-sistance to respond to the Syria humanitarian crisis, of which nearly $467,000,000 has been pro-vided to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. (2) As of January 2015, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, there were 621,937 registered Syrian refugees in Jordan and 83.8 percent of whom lived outside refugee camps. (3) In 2000, the United States and Jordan signed a free-trade agreement that went into force in 2001. (4) In 1996, the United States granted Jordan major non-NATO ally status. (5) Jordan is suffering from the Syrian refugee crisis and the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). (6) The Government of Jordan was elected as a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council for a 2-year term ending in De-cember 2015. (7) Enhanced support for defense cooperation with Jordan is important to the national secu-rity of the United States, including through cre-ation of a status in law for Jordan similar to the countries in the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation, Japan, Australia, the Republic of Korea, Israel, and New Zealand, with respect to consid-eration by Congress of foreign military sales to Jordan. (8) The Colorado National Guard’s relation-ship with the Jordanian military provides a sig-nificant benefit to both the United States and Jordan. (9) Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh was brutally murdered by ISIL. (10) On February 3, 2015, Secretary of State John Kerry and Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh signed a new Memorandum of Un-derstanding that reflects the intention to in-crease United States assistance to the Govern-ment of Jordan from $660,000,000 to $1,000,000,000 for each of the years 2015 through 2017. (11) On December 5, 2014, in an interview on CBS This Morning, Jordanian King Abdullah II stated— (A) in reference to ISIL, ‘‘This is a Muslim problem. We need to take ownership of this. We need to stand up and say what is wrong’’; and (B) ‘‘This is our war. This is a war inside Islam. So we have to own up to it. We have to take the lead. We have to start fighting back.’’. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It should be the policy of the United States— (1) to support the Hashemite Kingdom of Jor-dan in its response to the Syrian refugee crisis; (2) to provide necessary assistance to alleviate the domestic burden to provide basic needs for the assimilated Syrian refugees; (3) to cooperate with Jordan to combat the ter-rorist threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) or other terrorist organiza-tions; and (4) to help secure the border between Jordan and its neighbors Syria and Iraq. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) expeditious consideration of certifications of letters of offer to sell defense articles, defense services, design and construction services, and major defense equipment to the Hashemite King-dom of Jordan under section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776(b)) is fully consistent with United States security and for-eign policy interests and the objectives of world peace and security; (2) Congress welcomes the statement of King Abdullah II quoted in section (2)(11); and (3) it is in the interest of peace and stability for regional members of the Global Coalition to Combat ISIL to continue their commitment to, and increase their involvement in, addressing the threat posed by ISIL. SEC. 5. ENHANCED DEFENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan shall be treated as if it were a country listed in the pro-visions of law described in subsection (b) for purposes of applying and administering such provisions of law. (b) A
RMSEXPORT CONTROL ACT.—The provi-sions of law described in this subsection are— (1) subsections (b)(2), (d)(2)(B), (d)(3)(A)(i), and (d)(5) of section 3 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2753); (2) subsections (e)(2)(A), (h)(1)(A), and (h)(2) of section 21 of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2761); (3) subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), (b)(6), (c), and (d)(2)(A) of section 36 of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2776); (4) section 62(c)(1) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2796a(c)(1)); and (5) section 63(a)(2) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2796b(a)(2)). 
SEC. 6. MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING. 
Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of State is authorized to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to increase eco-nomic support funds, military cooperation, in-cluding joint military exercises, personnel ex-changes, support for international peacekeeping missions, and enhanced strategic dialogue. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be consid-ered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JUDICIAL REDRESS ACT OF 2015 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1428) to extend Privacy Act remedies to citi-zens of certified states, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
On page 3, strike line 6 and all that follows through page 4 line 21, and insert: (d) D
ESIGNATION OF COVERED COUNTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, designate a foreign coun-try or regional economic integration organiza-tion, or member country of such organization, as a ‘‘covered country’’ for purposes of this sec-tion if— (A)(i) the country or regional economic inte-gration organization, or member country of such organization, has entered into an agreement with the United States that provides for appro-priate privacy protections for information shared for the purpose of preventing, inves-tigating, detecting, or prosecuting criminal of-fenses; or (ii) the Attorney General has determined that the country or regional economic integration or-ganization, or member country of such organi-zation, has effectively shared information with the United States for the purpose of preventing, investigating, detecting, or prosecuting criminal offenses and has appropriate privacy protec-tions for such shared information; (B) the country or regional economic integra-tion organization, or member country of such organization, permits the transfer of personal data for commercial purposes between the terri-tory of that country or regional economic orga-nization and the territory of the United States, through an agreement with the United States or otherwise; and (C) the Attorney General has certified that the policies regarding the transfer of personal data for commercial purposes and related actions of the country or regional economic integration or-ganization, or member country of such organi-zation, do not materially impede the national security interests of the United States. (2) REMOVAL OF DESIGNATION .—The Attorney General may, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, revoke the designation of a foreign country or regional economic integration organization, or member country of such organization, as a ‘‘covered country’’ if the Attorney General determines that such designated ‘‘covered country’’— (A) is not complying with the agreement de-scribed under paragraph (1)(A)(i); (B) no longer meets the requirements for des-ignation under paragraph (1)(A)(ii); (C) fails to meet the requirements under para-graph (1)(B); (D) no longer meets the requirements for cer-tification under paragraph (1)(C); or (E) impedes the transfer of information (for purposes of reporting or preventing unlawful activity) to the United States by a private entity or person. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NO VETERAN DIES ALONE (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, it has been said that no veteran dies alone. Yesterday, southern Arizona proved that true in an amazing way. Recently, Sierra Vista resident Ser-geant First Class Sidney D. Cochran passed away at the age of 93. He served 20 years in the U.S. Army, serving in both World War II and Korea, but died without any family to attend his fu-neral. A call went out at the end of last week on social media to encourage anyone to attend his service. Over 300 people came out to show their respects. The Sierra Vista Herald reported that American Legion Riders escorted Sergeant Cochran to the cemetery, where members of the Tucson-based Patriot Guard Riders were waiting to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.036 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H695 February 10, 2016 
greet him. Fort Huachuca’s Honor Guard carried him to his final resting place, and an Arizona National Guard helicopter conducted a flyover. The manager of the cemetery remarked that she had never seen a service like that before. Mr. Speaker, I applaud everyone in my district who took the time to give Sergeant Cochran the honor he de-served. Southern Arizona is unique for so many reasons, and not least of all is the amazing way our community shows appreciation for our veterans and their service. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY NATIONAL ACTION PLAN (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, the President announced his Cy-bersecurity National Action Plan in conjunction with his 2017 budget pro-posal. This proposal starts with a much-needed investment in Federal cy-bersecurity: a 35 percent increase in spending anchored by a $3.1 billion re-volving fund designed to kick-start the modernization of outdated government IT systems—something that is sorely needed. The Action Plan is notable for its emphasis on centralizing Federal cy-bersecurity, something I have long called for. While the CISO created under the plan does not have all au-thorities I think the position requires, it is certainly a step in the right direc-tion. The plan also makes needed invest-ments in workforce development, in-cluding the very successful CyberCorps program, and charters a Presidential commission to do more long-range planning in the domain. I commend the President’s effort, which reflects an appropriately stra-tegic adjustment to the breach of Of-fice of Personnel Management systems last year; however, I hope we will le-verage this increased attention to ad-dress the challenges of tomorrow, not just those of yesterday. 
f 
IRAN VIOLATES INTERNATIONAL LAW (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it was a routine exercise, sailing from Kuwait to Bahrain through the Persian Gulf, until, allegedly, the navigation system failed on one of the two U.S. gunboats. Mysteriously, the boats lost communication. Next, 10 American sailors surren-dered and were captured by Iran. They were led off the boat at gunpoint and held hostage. Iran, unsurprisingly, vio-lated Article 13 of the Geneva Conven-tion by failing to protect our sailors from ‘‘insults and public curiosity.’’ Here is a poster of our sailors surren-dering to the small boat of Iranians. The bottom photograph apparently shows arms taken off the two Amer-ican boats. I assume the Iranians kept those. Iran’s Supreme Leader has awarded victory medals to its navy commanders for capturing the Americans. International law states that anyone can have innocent passage through a state’s territorial waters, as long as it is nonthreatening, continuous, and ex-peditious. Iran claimed the Americans were sent to spy. These claims turned out to be delusional. Iran acted without con-sequences, and the U.S. did not act at all. Many questions remain. Where was the effective air cover for the Navy? Why did the sailors ‘‘give up the ship’’? Who gave the order to surrender? The Navy needs to let the American public know how two American boats were confiscated by the Iranians and why it happened. And that is just the way it is. f 
FLINT WATER CRISIS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, in Michi-gan, thousands of young children were poisoned because Governor Snyder used a contaminated water source to cut costs. Last year, in my State of New Jersey, over 3,000 children under 6 years old were afflicted with dangerous levels of lead, according to a new re-port. Four of the communities I represent in Congress—Irvington, East Orange, Newark, and Jersey City—have dan-gerous lead levels. At the same time, our runaway Governor continues to roll back protections for clean water. It is a national disgrace that children in New Jersey, Michigan, and other U.S. States are being poisoned by lead in the year 2016. Many of these children will suffer irreparable harm, never reaching their full potential, because of the neglect and indifference of their leaders. We have a moral obligation to pro-tect the health and well-being of our communities, especially our children. Let’s meet it. 
f 
b1745 SUPPORTING THE DOLPHINS CAN-CER CHALLENGE AND SYL-VESTER COMPREHENSIVE CAN-CER CENTER (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge south Floridians to join me at the Dolphins Cancer Chal-lenge on Saturday, February 20. The Dolphins Cancer Challenge raises money for the University of Miami’s Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Cen-ter to help ‘‘tackle cancer’’—to the tune of $11.5 million since its inception in 2010. This event was inspired by Jim ‘‘Mad Dog’’ Mandich, whom we see pictured here, whom we tragically lost to cancer nearly 5 years ago. A champion both on and off the field, the ‘‘Mad Dog’’ was a key contributor for the still-perfect and still-peerless, undefeated 1972 Miami Dolphins. But Jim was perhaps best known and loved for his broadcasting work, where he cheered our own Dolphins with his patented ‘‘Alright Miami.’’ So please ride, run, or walk with me at the Dolphins Cancer Challenge to help support Sylvester’s innovative cancer care. f 
MANMADE DISASTER IN FLINT, MICHIGAN (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in decrying this man-made disaster that is affecting the resi-dents in the city of Flint, Michigan. Every day we learn more about how the Governor and Michigan public offi-cials made decisions that sacrificed the health and futures of the Flint resi-dents in order to save a few dollars. That is just plain wrong. The people of Flint deserve better. We cannot stand silent while Americans, while children, are poisoned. Flint is a majority African American city, and the average household income is just $24,834—that is a year—which is barely half of Michigan’s average household income. Would the same de-cisions have been made had this been in an affluent community? I doubt it. Earlier today, this House passed the bipartisan Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act, but we can and must do more to pre-vent this from ever happening again. Our response must be comprehensive and urgent. It is a state of emergency that requires Members of Congress to find all of the Federal resources pos-sible to demonstrate that we are really and truly our brothers’ and sisters’ keeper. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S FY 2017 BUDGET AND CRUSHING DEBT (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, this is the cover of President Obama’s last budget proposal. Whether or not the administration intended it, it is a fit-ting and appropriate cover because it symbolizes the mountain of debt Presi-dent Obama will leave behind. His latest budget proposal increases spending by a record-breaking 4.9 per-cent, or $2.5 trillion over the next dec-ade. The President’s budget leaves our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.079 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH696 February 10, 2016 
children and grandchildren burdened with an unfathomable mountain of debt, regulations, and taxes; and like every other budget he has presented, it never balances. This budget is reckless and unconscionable. When President Obama took office on January 20, 2009, the national debt was $10.6 trillion; yet Mr. Obama has in-creased the national debt to $19 tril-lion, and this budget would increase our national debt to $27.4 trillion over the next decade—more than twice the debt when he first took office. This cover will be part of the Ar-chives of the United States. It will be a fitting historical record for the moun-tains of debt it represents. 
f 
DATA COLLECTION (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, data collection affects countless Americans and touches many parts of our lives. Data collection is very per-sonal and may include your location, photos, messages, and many of the things that make up who we are; yet we lack basic rights for data collected on mobile devices. This week, I introduced a pair of bills to safeguard consumer privacy: H.R. 4517, the APPS Act, will bolster consumer privacy by requiring app de-velopers to maintain privacy policies, obtain consent from consumers before collecting data, and securely maintain the data they collect. H.R. 4516, the Data Act, would re-cre-ate transparency and control for con-sumers over their personal data and provide consumers with the tools to correct the record and minimize collec-tion. Privacy is an issue that should unite us, not drive us apart. It is past time for our laws to reflect this reality through commonsense rules for data collection, transparency, and use. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PENNSYLVANIA STATE REPRESENTATIVE GENE D
IGIROLAMO FOR RECEIVING THE 2016 DR. NATHAN DAVIS AWARD FOR OUTSTANDING GOV-ERNMENT SERVICE (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate State Representa-tive Gene DiGirolamo, of Bucks Coun-ty, Pennsylvania, who will be honored this month with the American Medical Association’s 2016 Dr. Nathan Davis Award for Outstanding Government Service, which is named for its founder. Representative DiGirolamo’s dedica-tion to the betterment of public health through advocacy and legislative work in the Pennsylvania House of Rep-resentatives earned him this pres-tigious award. He is presently serving in his 11th term in office and third term as chairman of the House Human Services Committee. Representative DiGirolamo stead-fastly continues his advocacy of issues related to drug and alcohol treatment and prevention, physical and intellec-tual disabilities, and individuals with mental illness. Additionally, he wrote legislation that increased funding for vital rehabilitation centers, while es-tablishing a separate cabinet agency for the important effort that stream-lined drug and alcohol treatment serv-ices in Pennsylvania. Representative DiGirolamo has pro-vided leadership to his associates and constituents and set an example for others to follow, and I am honored to call him my friend. Congratulations, Gene. f 
PRESQUE ISLE STATE PARK BEACH REPLENISHMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier this week I joined my colleagues—Representative M
IKE K
ELLY from Pennsylvania’s Third Con-gressional District, along with Penn-sylvania Senators P
ATTOOMEY and B OB C
ASEY , JR.—in sending a letter to the Assistant Secretary of the Army. In that letter, we requested that Presque Isle State Park remain a high-priority project for the Army Corps of Engi-neers’ budget for the fiscal year 2016. Presque Isle State Park is located along 7 miles of Lake Erie’s shoreline. The park’s beaches require proper care and nourishment every single year to fight their constant erosion. More than 4 million people visit Presque Isle State Park each year, making it Pennsylvania’s most visited State park. The park is woven into the social fabric of the region and is a highly important part of northwestern Pennsylvania’s economy. It is my hope that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will continue to support replenishment of this vital re-source for the Erie region, preserving these beaches for future generations. 
f 
FUTURE FORUM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, we are here for another Fu-ture Forum discussion, and tonight our topic is restoring our democracy, cam-paign finance, and voting rights. Americans agree, our voting system and our political system is broken, and the integrity of our democracy is at stake. Future Forum is a House Democratic Caucus group consisting of 17 of our youngest members who have gone across the country to 11 cities, now, talking to young people about their de-mocracy and what they care about. We were just in Dallas this past Fri-day, hosted in the Dallas/Fort Worth area by Congressman MARCVEASEY , as well as being joined by Congressman R
UBEN GALLEGO of Phoenix. Today we are following up on what we heard in Dallas and what we have heard in many of the cities before it, which is, for all the issues facing millennials, many of them understand that, at the root of the problem is the influence of outside money in politics and access to the ballot box. Joining us tonight is one of the lead-ers in the House on the issue of money and politics, Congressman J
OHN SAR-
BANES of Maryland. He is the lead spon-sor of the Government By the People Act. Also we will be joined by Congress-man K
ILMER , from the Seattle area, and Delegate P
LASKETT , from the Vir-gin Islands. So I am going to first ask Congress-man S
ARBANES this question, which we have heard from so many millennials across the country: What can we do to restore their faith in their govern-ment? I yield to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. S
ARBANES ). Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank the gentleman, Con-gressman S
WALWELL , of the Future Forum, for convening us around issues here in the Chamber and out in the country that are particularly impor-tant and critical for the next genera-tion out there, and what we can do to bring their interests in, bring them into the political town square, if you will, and get the benefit of their voices. The gentleman is absolutely right to point to the challenge, the problem we have. Many young people, many Ameri-cans of all ages these days feel that their voice really isn’t accounted for here in Washington. Their sense is that there is kind of an insider game being played, that big money and special in-terests hold particular sway in this place, and the voice of everyday Ameri-cans, average citizens, just doesn’t have a place. That has led to cynicism, it has led to anger, it has led to frustration, and it has led to a lot of people deciding to exit the political arena. It doesn’t mean they are not pas-sionate about things. That is clearly the case. You see a lot of young people who are focused on climate change, on the economy, on jobs, on issues that are important to them. They have just kind of given up that maybe Wash-ington and Congress are the places where important decisions and progress can be made on those issues. So the challenge for us is: How do we bring people back? How do we get them back into the conversation so we can benefit from what a pluralistic demo-cratic society is all about, which is, you get people in there, you tussle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.081 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H697 February 10, 2016 
around, you put your views out, you reach a compromise, and then you move forward? That is what progress is all about. I think one of the critical ways to ad-dress this is we have got to look at re-vamping the way we fund campaigns in this country. So the gentleman is right to call attention to that, and we have a lot of leadership here in the House that is focused on what we can do to kind of restore the voices of everyday Americans. I appreciate your citing the Govern-ment By the People Act, which is re-form legislation that we have intro-duced in this Congress. We have almost 160 cosponsors, including, I think, ev-erybody who is going to speak this evening as part of the Future Forum. The idea there is just to basically go build a different way of funding cam-paigns that puts everyday citizens back at the center, so they are the linchpin, they are the driver, where small donations can earn matching funds and help to power the campaign of Members of Congress and candidates out there who want to run and become part of this place. There will be a place for candidates to turn to support their campaigns other than to the special in-terests and the big money crowd. We can build a system like that that is viable, that puts everyday citizens at the center of it. And I think if we do that, young people and people, frankly, of all ages and stripes are going to de-cide they want to step back into the political space because they will feel appreciated again, like their voice matters. b1800 So I look forward to the discussion tonight, and I want to thank you for your work on the Future Forum and particularly calling attention tonight to this issue of money and politics, how we address it, and how we bring the voices of everyday citizens back into the mix into the people’s House. Mr. SWALWELL. I want to again thank my colleague from the Balti-more area in Maryland. I want to ask Congressman K
ILMER . The Future Forum went to Seattle. We visited college campuses in the Tacoma and Seattle area. We went to a couple of the big businesses in your area with a millennial workforce. We heard in Tacoma the same thing that we heard when we went to the Manchester, New Hampshire, area and the same thing that we heard in the Dallas area, which is that millennials just think that the system is rigged and there is no reason to participate. The numbers show that. Roughly 22 percent of the eligible millennials showed up to vote in 2014. What are you hearing in the Seattle area about this issue? Mr. KILMER. I think that is pretty consistent with what we hear in our neck of the woods. You saw in the last election season two-thirds of Ameri-cans cast a no-confidence vote by not voting at all, and those numbers are even worse when it comes to millennial voters. I think as Mr. SARBANES said, it is not that they don’t care, there are a lot of things that they care about. But it is, I think, out of a fair belief that there is too much money, too many deep pockets, and too many special in-terests that are driving our democracy. This week Politico came out with a report that the 100 biggest donors of the 2016 cycle have spent $195 million. That is more than the combined total of 2 million small donors. So I think it is fair to say that millennial voters see that dynamic and believe that their voice is getting drowned out in the process. Mr. SWALWELL. If you look at this chart here, 158 families gave nearly 50 percent of the early 2016 donations. How does that make you feel? If you are a part of the largest gen-eration America has ever known, 80 million people, the most diverse gen-eration America has ever known, how does it make you feel when 158 families are contributing over 50 percent? Mr. KILMER. I think it drives the importance of some of the change that we are talking about here tonight. Cer-tainly, the Government By the People Act is a key part of that, trying to get the deep pockets and special interest influence away and actually empower the everyday American and millennial voters. There are other things we have to do as well. You see this problem exacer-bated by the Citizens United decision. Many of us are cosponsors of a con-stitutional amendment to undo that Supreme Court decision. You have seen efforts focused on try-ing to at least shine a bright light on where some of this dark money is com-ing from. There is a bill called the DIS-CLOSE Act that at least tries to focus on that issue. Then the other thing that I have worked on is trying to put the teeth back into the watchdog of our cam-paign finance system. So, after Water-gate, you saw the Federal Election Commission established. That was real-ly meant to be the watchdog to make sure people weren’t violating campaign finance law and that they were playing by the rules. Unfortunately, as time has passed, the Federal Election Commission has almost become as dysfunctional as the United States Congress. The con-sequence of that is people are playing fast and loose with the rules. You see the rise of super-PACs and this whole question of coordination, particularly in the Presidential cam-paigns, and it is a real problem. So we put forward a bill that is called the Re-storing Integrity to America’s Elec-tions Act. Very simply, it tries to put teeth back into the Federal Election Commission. So there are all sorts of things that we have got to do on this front to try to reduce the role of money in our poli-tics and to try to restore the people’s power back. Because, if you look at some the ex-traordinary things that have happened in this country, whether it be the civil rights movement or advances made in environmental protection or any num-ber of things, they have happened when everyday Americans, citizens, are able to take hold of their government and to actually make a difference in their government. I think each of us is trying to do that, certainly from a policy stand-point. Next week I am doing seven townhall meetings in my district to try to make sure that everyday Americans have a voice in their democracy. But you look at charts like that and I think it makes it very hard for people to feel any sense of impact and efficacy and feel like their voice is being heard. I think it is an important conversation for us to be having because we need to change that. Mr. SWALWELL. Your proposals to have reforms with more teeth are quite popular across the country. I don’t know if you knew this, but it has strong support across a cross-section of the electorate. For example, majorities of Demo-cratic voters, 72 percent women and 84 percent men, support small donor re-forms. Independent voters, 60 percent of the women polled and 66 percent of the men polled supported it. Among Republican voters, 57 percent of the women supported it, and 53 percent of the men have supported small donor re-forms. So I want to ask Congressman S
AR-
BANES —and then I see we are now joined by Congressman V
EASEY as well—how has money and politics also worked to disenfranchise voters? Be-cause Congressman V
EASEY and I heard in the Dallas/Fort Worth area about how voting laws that have been put in place have made it actually quite hard to show up and vote. We heard about the purging of people from the voter rolls. What is the connection there when you have outside interests drowning out voices, putting in who they want as policymakers, and then the effect on the rules that go into place as far as how we govern our election? Mr. SARBANES. You can talk about the effect on the rules. You can just also talk about the effect on the enthu-siasm for voting, period. If people are convinced that money calls the shots, then they are going to look at voting as just being asked to come out on election day and decide which of two people to send to Wash-ington to work for somebody else. Look at the issue of access to the ballot box and protecting access to the ballot box. Last year I had the oppor-tunity with many Members of Congress to go down to Selma with J
OHNLEWIS and remember the foot soldiers from 50 years ago who fought for the right to vote. We talked about protecting access to the ballot box. But just as important is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.083 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH698 February 10, 2016 
protecting the ballot box’ opportunity to get to Washington without being hi-jacked along the way. Because that undermines the fran-chise, too. People bleed and sweat to get to the ballot box. You have to make sure that ballot box is preserved on its way to Washington. So on one side of the coin, you have the right to vote, which is sacrosanct in our country. On the other side of the coin, you have the right to have your vote mean something. That is where we have to address the undue influence that money has. Two other real quick points before I yield back. One is—and this is important, I think, to millennials, young people, and the next generation—this question about what we do with money in poli-tics. It is not just about putting rules in place. Rules are important. You have got to have disclosure and transparency. You have to have non- coordination rules so the super-PACs can’t talk to the candidates. You want to try and get a constitutional amend-ment to put limits on what the big money players can do. But rules are putting a referee on the field of the de-mocracy to blow the whistle when the big money crowd gets out of hand. We need the rules, but we also need power. We need to figure out a way to get Americans out of the bleachers and onto the field of their own democracy. That is what small donor matching systems of public financing are all about. So it is about rules, but it is also about power. I think young people are leaving a lot of power on the table that they can take back to give themselves a voice in their democracy again, and they will be at the center of that kind of reform. So that is why it is so crit-ical to push forward with all of these different measures. Then the last thing I just wanted to point out is one of the things that hap-pens is young people want to run for of-fice. They want to get into the game. They want to enter politics. They want to come into the political arena. But, unfortunately, there is some-thing called the money primary or the green primary where, if you can’t find a lot of people that can raise a lot of money for you, then you have no way to be viable as a candidate. So then you don’t even put your hat into the ring. One of the things that will happen if we can create systems of small donor public financing across the country— and we are starting to see that in places like Seattle, Maine, Arizona, Connecticut, New York City, and so forth—is that people who before could never imagine running because they couldn’t raise the money because there is a system that can lift them up, they will put their hat in the ring, they will run, they will compete, they will win, and they will serve. It will change the composition not just of Congress, but of State legisla-tures all across the country. That is the promise of small donor reform. Then we can bring young people in here. Then we can get the benefit of their wisdom not just as donors and not just as small donors, but as can-didates and public servants. Mr. SWALWELL. Thank you again, Congressman S
ARBANES , for your work. I want to empower young people across America right now, #FutureForum. There is a poll right now: Do you believe Congress should vote to update campaign finance rules? We have had over 100 responses since just posting it. Ninety percent of the people say yes. Congressman V
EASEY , we were in Dallas on Friday. We talked to hun-dreds of young people about what issues they care about, especially ac-cess to the ballot box. What did you hear in Dallas? Mr. VEASEY. Absolutely, Represent-ative S
WALWELL . I appreciate you tak-ing your time to come out to Dallas/ Fort Worth. All the kids that were there, the col-lege campus, the young professionals that we spoke to, the business leaders that we spoke to, really appreciated the fact that you and others in Con-gress are leading the effort to engage young people and to engage millennials. They make up such a large portion of our population. They are going to con-tinue to make up a very large portion of our population. We need to engage them to find out what it is they are thinking. One of the things that we heard when we were in the metroplex, as we like to call Dallas/Fort Worth, is that young people feel like voting is not nec-essarily easy, that some of the barriers that have been put up recently in place have made it a lot harder for young people to exercise their right to vote. One of the young people that we met talked about the fact that they had missed one election cycle, they went to go and vote, and they found out that they had been suspended from the voter file, that they had been actually purged. Mr. SWALWELL. I remember that woman. How does she feel about that? Mr. VEASEY. It was very discour-aging for her. It makes it seem as if the system is rigged against her, and she didn’t understand why that happened. That was really unfortunate. One of the other things that I am aware of—because I am actually a plaintiff in a lawsuit to roll back the Texas voter ID law—is a lot of our young people, when they go to college, get IDs from their university. At a lot of our State universities, they will get IDs. These IDs are good if they need to identify themselves to a campus police officer. If they need to be able to use the ID to get on a plane or anything like that, these kids can use these col-lege IDs. But under the Texas voter ID law, a lot of our young people, if they go back home to vote in their home counties and they show their student ID card— a student ID card, again, that is issued by the State of Texas—they cannot vote. They will be given a provisional ballot. It won’t count. When young people hear things like that, it really discourages them from voting. So we need to do everything we can to engage young people. One of the things that I hear, Rep-resentative SWALWELL , from a lot of young people is that—for instance, the young lady that we met that was purged from the voter roll—if there were same-day registration—actually, same-day registration actually encour-ages young people to participate in voting. But a lot of States, like the one that I live in, won’t do things like that. They won’t take that initiative. They won’t take that extra effort to engage young people. It is no wonder that so many of our young people feel like the system is really rigged against them, that, if they vote, their vote really won’t count. It is really, really unfortunate. I would really think that, in the wake of the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, there is really no better time to assure young voters that they can play a pivotal role in our de-mocracy and to continue to urge them, despite what a lot of States like mine are doing, to really discourage them from voting and discriminate against them, that they will continue to take part in help shaping America. The best way how you can do that is by voting. Mr. SWALWELL. We talked to a lot of innovative young people in Dallas. If I have learned anything about young people—and I remember being up in Manhattan with Congressman I
SRAEL  and Congresswoman G
RACE MENG. We were at a district co-workspace. The complaint we often heard there was just about how darn hard it is to get to the polls and why is it on a Tues-day. Why is it so inconvenient. I want to have Delegate P
LASKETT  speak to us on voting rights as well, but in a moment I’m going to have S
TEVE ISRAEL talk to us about weekend elections because people on Twitter right now are asking: Why can’t we have votes on the weekend? Delegate P
LASKETT , can you talk to us a little bit just about voting rights with respect to the Virgin Islands, but also what you are hearing among young people. Ms. PLASKETT. Thank you so much for putting this together for us to be able to speak to the American people and speak to this body about voting rights, its importance, and the difficul-ties, that many groups are feeling dis-enfranchised from the voting system. The Voting Rights Act is probably one of the most important pieces of legislation that this Congress has put forward. It was passed in 1965 to pro-hibit discrimination in voting. According to the Department of Jus-tice, the Voting Rights Act itself has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.084 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H699 February 10, 2016 
been called the single most effective piece of civil rights legislation. That was back in 2009 when they said that. The Department of Justice has had a history of blocking racial gerry-mandering, which was covered in sec-tion 4 of the act. In 2006, the Voting Rights Act was reaffirmed by an act of this Congress. The Senate voted for it 98–0, and the House voted 390–33 in favor of the Vot-ing Rights Act, which lets us know that this is a fundamental right that most Americans believe. b1815 But there are still these barriers that many groups feel. I know, Congressman S
WALWELL , you have gone around the country. You have heard from young people, you have heard from poor peo-ple, you have heard from those who live in rural areas, the difficulty they have in exercising this fundamental right. In the Virgin Islands, we are facing an even greater constitutional issue that we are bringing court cases to the United States about. Many years ago, Congress decided that the right to vote was not a fundamental right for people that were living in the territories. Under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizen Absentee Voting Act, if you live in the United States in any of the 50 States, if you decide to move to Paris, if you decide to move to Tim-buktu, you can still vote. But if you decide that you are going to live in one of the United States territories, you have given up that right to vote for your President in your Federal elec-tion. In places like Guam, American Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, we have the highest veteran rate per cap-ita in the United States. In the Virgin Islands, we have the highest casualty rate per capita of people who have vol-unteered to serve this country, but cannot vote for their Commander in Chief. We are bringing case law—and I am part of an effort—to ensure that people who decide to live in the Virgin Is-lands, who are from the Virgin Islands, can retain that right to exercise their voice in our Federal elections and not something that we are fighting for right now. This goes along with many of the other what we believe to be historic discrimination that has gone on. There is an enormous amount of racial gerry-mandering that is happening in this country. The great Mr. J
OHN LEWIS, our colleague, has issued H.R. 12, I be-lieve it is, which is a bill to expand vot-ing rights and the ability for people to vote. I know that as you go around this country and you speak with people, Representative S
WALWELL , you will hear about the difficulties, particularly those people who are discriminated against in many ways, from their abil-ity to vote. One of the things that I recall writ-ing about when I was in law school was individuals who have been incarcerated and the ability that they no longer have to vote. We know that in the Black community there is a dispropor-tionate amount of our young men and women who are incarcerated and then have lost their right to vote. The dif-ficulties they have reinstating that right and that ability to vote abso-lutely excludes not only their dignity and their ability to voice their opin-ions, but they are feeling part of the American Dream, feeling included in this American mission. What message are we saying to them when they need to be reintegrated back into this coun-try and to be productive citizens that they can work, we want them to work, we want them to do everything that they are supposed to do, but they can-not have that fundamental right to vote. These are the things that I am glad you are speaking about tonight and that you are making the American public available to. I don’t know what the Twitter feed is working on right now, but I am hoping that people will tweet about this and will get this word out and will really create an echo chamber of young people, and even those who are not young, who are con-cerned about millennials and con-cerned about the next generation being able to be a part of the American proc-ess. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I thank Delegate PLASKETT . That was so eloquently said. On Twitter right now under the #futureforum, people are speaking about their democracy and their right to access the polls. Anna Little-Sana tweeted: Election day should be a Fed-eral holiday! Kel tweeted: Elections on Saturdays sounds like the easiest and least controversial solution. Congressman I
SRAEL , what if some-one introduced the Weekend Voting Act? Wait, someone has, and he is here. Mr. ISRAEL. What a coincidence. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Tell us about that. Mr. ISRAEL. What a coincidence this is. I want to thank my friend from Cali-fornia for his leadership in the Future Forum, traveling the country, engag-ing young people and millennials on the critical issue of participating in government. I don’t qualify as a mil-lennial. Mr. SWALWELL of California. It is a mind-set. Mr. ISRAEL. I am slightly older than most of the audiences that you engage. But I used to be a millennial. I used to be a young person. I grew up in Levit-town, New York, on Long Island. I re-member going to public school at Gar-diners Avenue Elementary School and being taught civics, being taught what it takes to be a good citizen, and what our responsibilities and obligations were. The principal responsibility and the principal obligation of a good citizen was voting. You could vote to the left, you could vote to the right, but vote. Now we are falling further and further behind on voting because it has become harder and harder. There is a particular Republican can-didate who talks about how we have to make America great again. Do you know what we are not so great at? We are not so great at voting. In fact, we are falling further and further behind the rest of the industrialized world. We are falling further and further behind most democracies in our voting par-ticipation. Why is that well? One reason is be-cause we reserve one day of the year to vote in Federal elections, and that is Tuesday. I don’t know if my friend knows—here is a little history quiz, a little pop quiz, to put him on the spot: Why do we vote on that Tuesday? Do you have any idea why we vote on that Tuesday? Mr. SWALWELL of California. I don’t have the slightest clue, no. Why do we? Mr. ISRAEL. Here is the answer. In 1845, Congress decided that voting day would be on Tuesday in November. Why? Because at the time we were liv-ing in a mostly agrarian society, we were a farm economy, and Sunday was the Lord’s day. The polling places were usually in the county seat, so Monday was the day that you traveled to the county seat. You got to your county seat on Tuesday, you cast your vote, you returned on Wednesday, and you farmed on Thursday, Friday, and Sat-urday. That may have made sense in 1845, but it doesn’t make the same sense in 2016. As a result of reserving this one Tuesday as voting day, most Ameri-cans report that they didn’t vote be-cause they just couldn’t vote on Tues-day. Some people have two jobs, three jobs, and they are raising families. As important as it is to be a good citizen and to cast their vote, they are finding it harder and harder. The solution is very simple. I am going to make another quick comment. The solution is very simple. Allow peo-ple to vote on weekends. Designate Saturday and Sunday for voting. You can do it on a Saturday; you can do it on a Sunday. But we ought to des-ignate weekend voting. There are other democracies in the world, other nations in the world, that have weekend voting, and their voting participation is much higher than ours. If there is one thing the government should do to make it more convenient for middle class citizens and working families, it is make it more convenient to vote, and we can do that on week-ends. Let me make one other point if I could. I made a decision that I would not run for reelection. My decision was based on a broad range of personal issues and personal considerations, per-sonal desires, to do other things. I have been here for 16 years. It is time to pass the torch. But I will tell you what. One of the factors was that I could not stand to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.085 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH700 February 10, 2016 
spend one more day asking one more donor for one more dollar. We have a system that used to be dysfunctional. Now it is not dysfunc-tional. It is just beyond broken. It is a system that tells people around the country that their voices are drowned out. There is a sense—particularly among the young people that you have engaged across this country—that the only way you get heard in this place is if you have a super-PAC or a registered lobbyist with you. Most middle class families and most young people can’t afford a super-PAC or a registered lob-byist. I am concerned that we have a major-ity right now that has made Congress a gated community. We need to bring down those gates. The way to bring down those gates is to pass campaign finance reform; it is to pass the DIS-CLOSE Act, which Democrats passed when we had the majority, requiring that people know who are funding elec-tions; that we pass weekend voting so it is easier for people to cast their votes and choose their democracy, so that their democracy is not chosen by literally a few hundred families, by passing something that our colleague, J
OHN SARBANES , talked about earlier: citizen-funded elections. If you want a stake in democracy and if you want to own democracy, you should have a share in that democracy. We ought to be encouraging citizen- funded elections, which are being done in States across the country—Repub-lican states, Democratic States. They are embracing citizen-funded elections. We should be doing the same thing. Mr. SWALWELL of California. You wrote a New York Times op-ed on this that was very frank, very passionate, and I think, for a lot of people, very disturbing to hear how much time Members of Congress have to spend fundraising. I just want to ask you as you start your parting tour, which I am very sad to see, but have you met a single col-league in this Chamber on either side— left or right—who told you that they came here because they enjoyed raising money, or that that is the most enjoy-able part, or anywhere close to the most enjoyable part of their job? Mr. ISRAEL. No. In fact, I did write a piece in the New York Times that went viral. I received responses on both sides of this aisle—on both sides—peo-ple saying: You are right, we spend too much time in call time. Instead of thinking about issues, instead of think-ing about a robust foreign policy that is going to defeat our enemies, we spend too much time trying to figure out a robust fundraising policy to get reelected. Both sides of the aisle said that. Not one of our colleagues enjoy fund-raising. But, in my view, there is only one party who is willing to do some-thing about it. Pass the DISCLOSE Act, support campaign finance reform, demand transparency. The only way we are going to take this government back and make Amer-ica great again is to engage voters across the spectrum by lowering the barriers that exist in this place. That is going to require the DISCLOSE Act, citizen-funded elections, greater trans-parency, and weekend voting. Mr. SWALWELL of California. That is right. Both sides from my experience acknowledge this problem, but only the majority has the ability to bring this up for a vote on these reforms. I always have the sense that we can all smell the burning and the smoke in this House, but the fire alarm is on this side of the Chamber. Until our col-leagues are willing to pull it and bring these issues to this floor, we are going to see millennials continue to think that the system is rigged. It is not going to be any surprise when they show up again at 20 to 25 percent at the polls. In your district in Long Island, young people, what do they think when they see all this money in politics, that they are the largest generation in America, yet 158 families contributed over 50 percent so far in the 2016 Presi-dential cycle? What do you hear from them as far as whether that makes them want to engage or participate? Mr. ISRAEL. I am very fortunate be-cause I represent a district in New York that is blessed with universities and colleges. We have a wonderful in-frastructure of university and college campuses, and I toured those campuses and heard what you have heard: Con-gressman, my voice doesn’t count. Con-gressman, why should I vote when it makes no difference? Congressman, why should I get involved in a cam-paign when my $20 contribution, or my $3 contribution, gets drowned out by one billionaire who is writing checks for millions of dollars for the candidate that he supports? I have said to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, it is bad for all of us when an entire generation gives up on us. That is just bad for democracy. That is bad for trying to accomplish anything. I have also said—and people under-stand this, I believe, intuitively—no matter what issue is important to you, no matter what it is—more invest-ments in education or infrastructure or national security or your paycheck or the environment—no matter what it is, it is all rooted in a system that doesn’t allow progress on those issues because it is rigged against progress on those issues. People say: Well, what can we do? What is the one thing we can do to get our voice back? Get this Congress to pass fundamental and meaningful cam-paign reform and we will make progress on every other issue. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I will never forget at one of our townhalls when we were in the Boston area. The students were listing their concerns from climate change and the inaction they have seen there, to student loan debt and how it has them in financial quicksand. To my surprise—and then I ended up seeing this on every campus we visited—this particular student said: But, yeah, you are not going to solve any of that because the system is rigged. As long as that is the percep-tion, which we experience as our own reality, we won’t see progress on those issues. We owe it to that generation. It is sad for you to acknowledge that a whole generation is about to give up on us until we change the way that we not only have rules for money and politics, but the way that we govern and rep-resent our constituents, not outside corporate interests. We have a Future Forum event com-ing up in Denver. It is going to be in April, hosted by Congresswoman DEGETTE and Congressman P OLIS. I will give you, Congressman I
SRAEL , the last word on this evening’s Future Forum focusing on voting rights and campaign financial reform. b1830 Mr. ISRAEL. Again, I thank the gen-tleman so much for his leadership. If you would allow an aging 57-year- old to attend the Future Forum meet-ings, I would be happy to do so. I will bring my crutch, my cane, and all of the other things that I need. On a serious note, I really do want to commend you for the work that you are doing, for the engagement. Through this engagement, you are giv-ing people hope. You are letting people know that there are people who are lis-tening to them. You go to those events without a super-PAC. You go to those events without billionaire donors. You are representing the best that the grassroots has to offer. I want to thank you for that. Leave people with a sense of hope. For as long as we are talking on this floor about these issues, there is hope that something will be done on this floor on these issues, and the middle class and young people and millennials will make progress again. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AMERICA’S MANDATORY AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, we are actually doing something a little different tonight. We have brought about 15 to 20—what we will call— boards. If we were in a more electronic age, they would be PowerPoints. We will have a couple of our brothers and sisters here, hopefully, from the Republican side to help us walk through some of these numbers and what they actually mean. We want to talk about what is really going on fis-cally, mathwise. I am sure it was riv-eting reading for Members of this body; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.087 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H701 February 10, 2016 
but 3 weeks ago, on a Wednesday—so 3 weeks ago today—the CBO issued a new report. When you go through the num-bers of the reality of what is going on, it is devastating. The reality is that, unless this body engages in activities and policy and we have a President who is willing to work with us who dramatically improves economic growth and not just for a year but for the next couple of decades, there is not enough revenue to cover the entitlement promises we have made. I know that is sort of inflam-matory to say, but we are going to ac-tually walk through a series of the boards and sort of explain what is real-ly going on. For someone who is actually out there who may have an interest in un-derstanding what is happening, this is the CBO report from 3 weeks ago. What makes this one so different from any other report that has happened is that we have two major entitlement pro-grams that run out of money—that go bankrupt—within the 10-year window. For years, you would see people walk up to these microphones and say: A decade or two from now, such and such is going to happen—30 years, 25 years from now. It is no longer decades. It is now. We are going to show you a couple of portions of the data where, in 20 months, Social Security itself goes negative, meaning the interest income that we pay ourselves—and we pay our-selves 3.1 percent in interest income from the money that the general fund has reached over and taken out of the Social Security trust fund, and the tax revenues from Social Security do not cover the money going out the door. This was not supposed to happen. When I first got here 5 years ago, it was a decade away. Then, in some of the reports, it was 5 years. Now it is 20 months away. We need to understand, when we talk about the desperate need for economic growth, it is jobs; it is people’s futures; it is their retirements; it is also the ability to support and pay for and fi-nance the promises this government has made—the earned benefits and— let’s face it—some of the unearned ben-efits that are out there and our ability to pay for them. So let’s actually walk through some of the boards and sort of explain where we are. This is really, really important, and you are going to hear me say that over and over as we do this. This is the 2016 budget as we have it today. Do you see what is in blue—that bluish purple? That is what we call mandatory spending. That is Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, ObamaCare—the new healthcare law— and a handful of other poverty support programs, but it is mandatory. It is all formula driven. You will notice it is 70 percent of our spending in the fiscal year we are in—this year. The red— that 30 percent—is what we call discre-tionary. That is what we get to vote on around here. Half of that discretionary is defense. When you hear politicians or public policy analysts or budget an-alysts talk, if they are not talking about the mandatory spending, they are missing, basically, three-quarters of our spending. Understand its rate of growth is squeezing out everything else. If you are someone out there who cares about healthcare research or edu-cation or the parks, the resources for those activities in this government are shrinking and shrinking and getting squeezed and getting squeezed, and it is because of the movement of mandatory spending. We have this thing called baby boomers. The fact of the matter is that baby boomers began to retire about 3 years ago, and there are about— what?—76 million of them who will re-tire in an 18-year period, and they do consume tremendous amounts of re-sources that we have failed to set aside for their futures. Mr. Speaker, I just changed the boards. As we continue, the board that is up right now, for those folks who would be interested, is actually where the money is going today. My friend from Pennsylvania and I are going to talk through some of the mechanics here; but Social Security today is 22 percent of the spending; Medicare is 17; Medicaid is nine; other spending—that would be Section 8, SNAP, and other things that are mandatory spending that are in the formula—is another 17 percent. Mr. PERRY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from Arizona. When I start my townhall meetings, I always start with our fiscal situation because people ask me—and I imagine it is the same in your district—what is wrong with you people in Washington? Why can’t you get along? What is all the bickering about? That slide is in-structive because I explain to them that nearly 70 percent of the budget we don’t discuss at all, and it keeps get-ting smaller—the things that they kind of associate with the Federal Govern-ment—because, in their minds, these other things, the things you talked about—Medicare, Medicaid, Social Se-curity, care for our veterans, the ACA—all just happens automatically, and they think about—oh, I don’t know—the IRS, the Park Service, the military. I keep telling them that it gets smaller, and so we squabble more over this diminishing pie. I just need you to clarify something. So you say it is formula driven. That makes sense to you, and it makes sense to me. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Yes. Mr. PERRY. But can you make that easy for a layman? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. You and I have both had this experience because we talked about it earlier. You get asked at our townhalls and at other gath-erings: Why do you fight with each other? It is like other families—it is about the money. When I stand here and say it is for-mula driven, what happens is, when you turn 65, you are eligible for certain earned benefits. When you turn 67, there are certain earned benefits. If you fall below a certain income, there are certain things you can receive. They are based on a formula whether it be your age, whether it be your in-come, whether it be your military serv-ice. That formula becomes sort of sac-rosanct around here, and there is an in-ability to say, if we do these tweaks, we can preserve this benefit for future generations or even, as you are going to see in some of these numbers—and I don’t know if you have had this experi-ence in your townhalls where the polit-ical class before us used to say, ‘‘This is for your grandkids.’’ Then, after a few years, it was for your kids—and now? Mr. PERRY. It is for my mother, who is already on Social Security, and it is definitely for me and for anybody who thinks he may collect Social Security, understanding that, when we say ‘‘enti-tlements,’’ that is not meant to be you are entitled to it. Do you know why you are entitled to it?—because the government forced you to pay into it. They forced you to invest when it comes to Social Security, right? They forced you to invest. It might not be a good investment, but you must invest. It is important, and I think you are going to talk about this a little bit in the future of how that investment is going. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. As we do this, we probably should make the distinction between an earned benefit and an enti-tlement and those, but, for right now, we are going to somewhat refer to them as ‘‘mandatory spending.’’ Mr. PERRY. Sure. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. We could actu-ally break down all of the programs, but this is already a little geeky as it is because we are going to be talking about numbers that are in the billions and trillions, and people’s eyes glaze over when you talk about that. It means zeros. Yet what is really, really important here is understanding the pattern of what is going on and how quickly these numbers are eroding. One of the reasons for this board here is, as we talk about this Congressional Budget Office report, some of the ero-sion in our fiscal situation is because of our lack of economic growth and of our failure to reform, repair, preserve a lot of these very programs we are talk-ing about. There is this slide here. This is 2026. Understand, in 9 years, mandatory spending, earned benefits, and other types of entitlements are going to have increased over those 9 years 83 percent in spending. What you and I get to vote on of military and other discre-tionary—the Park Service, the EPA, education, health, medical research— that will have grown 22 percent. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.088 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH702 February 10, 2016 
is over 10 years. So think of this. What we would consider discretionary will grow about what we expect inflation to be, and that is how it has been budg-eted. It is meant to basically be flat on purchasing power but where the enti-tlements grow dramatically. Mr. PERRY. Because of the formula. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Formula and—we have to be brutally honest—demo-graphics. Mr. PERRY. Right, and the popu-lation growth for those people who will be receiving benefits. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Yes. Look, this isn’t a sinister plot. I can remember, back in 1981 or in 1982, sit-ting in a statistics class, and the pro-fessor at that time was actually show-ing how much money had to be set aside because the baby boomers even-tually were going to turn 65. Though, as you have found here in Congress, it is almost as if we have just recently discovered that. Mr. PERRY. We have a tendency in Congress—quite honestly, we have a tendency as Americans—with our do-mestic and foreign policy, to just pre-tend that these things aren’t hap-pening. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Yes. There are a number of times you and I have folks who come to our offices or to our townhalls who have great ideas, and they desperately want some more resources for this research project or for this activity or for this infrastruc-ture or for this and that. You try to ex-plain—okay—this board here talks about the next 9 years; so from this budget year—where we are right now working on the 2017 budget—for the next 9 years. I know that seems like a long time, but the average over that time—76 percent of all of the spending, three-quarters of all of the spending—is going to be in those mandatory: the formula, the entitlements, the earned benefits. Only 24 percent of the spend-ing is going to be in the military or in other activities of government. As we go back to make that circle again, why do we fuss with each other around here? It is about the money when you have someone standing in front of you and he is not talking about the need to do two things. Now, they are big things. One is to dramati-cally adopt policy that grows the econ-omy. We are not going to make it under this current growth rate. This Obama economy is just killing us. Number two, we are going to have to be honest about the benefits that we pro-vide and the formulas underlying them. There may be some creative things we can do, but as the political class, we have got to stop being terrified to talk about it. Mr. PERRY. What are the con-sequences of not doing that? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Oh, we are going to get to that slide. Do you plan to live more than 9 years? Mr. PERRY. I sure hope so. My kids hope so. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. You are incred-ibly fit. Understand, I am going to show you some slides under the new projections by the CBO, the Congres-sional Budget Office, that came out 3 weeks ago. b1845 Mr. Speaker, Social Security, the trust fund has about 14 years, but Medicare part A is gone in about 9 years. You are going to see Social Se-curity disability may have only about 58 months, and that trust fund is gone again. So understand how fast these things are eroding. Look, we are going through a lot of data and a lot of slides. I know you and I and a couple of other Members, we are going to be putting this deck of slides on our Web sites. For anyone that is actually interested in the fiscal sanity and health of this country, this is the ability to take a look at them, analyze them, give us suggestions, and give us creativity. This one right here, so, in 2026, think of this: only 22 percent of the spending will be in what you and I get to vote on. Half of that is going to be defense; half of that is going to be nondefense. Oh, and by the way, the one good thing I can tell you about we are get-ting from the slow-growth economy right now is we have reprojected our interest rate. Because if I had shown this slide a few months ago, we were expecting trillion-dollars-plus interest. Now, we only expect a much lower mean interest rate 9 years from now. So only 12 percent of our spending will be interest coverage. Think of that. Interest will be great-er than defense in 9 years. Interest will be greater than all discretionary spend-ing in 9 years—and substantially so. So the growth you are going to see here is functionally in Social Security, Medi-care, Medicaid, interest on the debt, and some of the other programs. This is where we are at. You try having a conversation with our constituents and say these are big numbers, they are huge programs. You have got to move away from some of the political folklore. We should actually, as we go through these—because I have a couple of spots. How many times have you been at your townhall meeting and someone raises their hand? Some of the suggestions they have to save money are wonder-ful, but they are tiny. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania. Mr. PERRY. They want to cut some-thing. Why do you spend money on—I don’t know. They call them Obama funds. Or why do you spend money on foreign aid? If we just cut that, we don’t have to pay for people to hate us. They will hate us for free. It all sounds all well and good, except you can cut all that completely and—I think you will show at some point—it won’t make a dent. It won’t even begin to make a dent. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, those of us on the right who are more conservative—we have our folks who are guilty of this, and, heaven knows, I see it from our friends on the left— where we hold up a shiny object and pretend like this would take care of this fiscal cliff that is no longer very far in the future. It is here. We say, oh, if we would just adjust this on foreign aid, we would be fine. Anyone who says something like that, they don’t own a calculator. So the slide next to us right now— and the gentleman and I were working on this earlier today. I thank the gen-tleman and his staff for their willing-ness to sit there and, shall we say, geek out with calculators, budgets, and ac-tuarial tables. One of the things that has hap-pened—about every 3 months, I do one of these presentations. If someone were ever to go back a few years when we did the very first one, parts of these numbers have actually gotten much worse. Even though we are supposedly out of the recession and we are sup-posed to be in a healthier economy, as we keep being told from the other side, the fiscal, the financial shape of the country is worse. How is that possible? Mr. Speaker, I am going to make the argument that when we do examine what we were telling folks our finan-cial situation was in the future, it is actually much worse. In 2011 we said, hey, when we finally get to that year 2016, we are going to have 3.3 percent GDP. Then we had a couple of crazy ones that said, in 2012 and ’13, you are going to be at 4
1⁄2or 4.4 percent GDP growth. You are going to be blowing the wheels off. Then in 2014, it started to come down. Well, you are going to be at 3.4 percent GDP growth. The problem is that the latest update on our numbers, we are down to 2.3 percent GDP growth. So we are half of what we were telling the public we were going to have just a couple of years ago. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania. Mr. PERRY. More importantly, for this illustration, it is as important that we were telling the public—be-cause the CBO projection told us that it was going to be 4.5, 4.4, but we were basing all our estimates on those num-bers. We are basing our estimates on those numbers, and those numbers turned out to be true to the point that it is not even 2.3. It is more like 2.1, currently. It is even less than that. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. As you know, the first quarter of this budget year—be-cause budget years aren’t the same as calendar years—came in at 0.7. So we didn’t even make a full percentage point of gross domestic product growth. Once again, this is geeky and people’s eyes are glazing over. Why this is im-portant is because that economic growth is what helps create the jobs and the trade and the velocity in the economy, and that velocity ends up creating the tax revenues and the reve-nues that get paid into Medicare, get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.089 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H703 February 10, 2016 
paid into Social Security, help us pay and cover our promises. What happens if you keep saying the check is out the door but you don’t have the revenues? That is why it is important to pay attention to what we do in tax policy over this coming year, what we do in regulatory policy over this coming year, when we start to take on those factors that grow the economy. I would think this would be both our friends from the left, who thought somehow we could regulate ourselves into prosperity, would see the folly of their policies and see it in the numbers and be willing to come our direction. Because do they care about saving So-cial Security? Do they care about sav-ing Medicare? Do they care about sav-ing Social Security disability? If they truly care, we have got to do some-thing about economic growth. I want to switch up a couple of the boards and just sort of walk through some of the different numbers here and have this make more sense. Do you have the table that actually shows the change from 2022 to 2018? Remember, the last board I was showing you that was talking about, hey, here is what happens when we miss all these GDP numbers? This is why, on occasion, I desperately wish more of our brothers and sisters around this body would grab a CBO like this and actually read it and highlight it and pull out their calculators and look at it again. Yes, you are going to fall asleep two or three times when you do it, but you will understand how incred-ibly important some of the policy sets are we are making here. This was just from when the trust funds’ actuaries did their report this last summer. We will just go down to the bottom line because that is the punch line. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, would the gentleman from Arizona confirm for the audience or explain what OASI and DI mean? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. When you see something that says OASI, that means ‘‘Old Age, Survivors Insurance.’’ That is Social Security. That is Social Secu-rity. DI, think of it is as Social Security disability. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania. Mr. PERRY. You lose your job from unemployment, but you get hurt and you can’t work? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. A permanent in-jury that changes your ability to sup-port yourself. As you know, this last fall, fall of 2015, it was to be out of money right now. We bailed it out, but we bailed it out in a fairly dodgy fashion. Let’s be bru-tally honest. We reached over into big Social Security, took $114 billion and handed it over here. All we bought was 5 years of fiscal survivability. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania. Mr. PERRY. So you took $114 billion out of OASI, which is the big Social Se-curity? We took it out of that and put it into disability insurance because disability was going to be bankrupt while we stand here today? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Right. Right now. My calculations are we shortened the life of Social Security’s trust fund by about 13 months when we did that. I don’t think you voted for it. I don’t think I did. I know I didn’t. Now we have to deal with the realities of what that meant. As we were looking before, what hap-pens when you are not achieving the economic growth that is required? All of a sudden, you see numbers like this. And this is stunning. When you are talking about a huge trust fund, this should not be happening. This is to give you a sense of how dramatic the problem is out there in this economy. I know we are happy talking. It is an election year and President Obama needs to sort of tell a story of how wonderful it is, but it isn’t showing up on the map. So this last August, the trustees of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security— they all do their individual reports. The Social Security trustee said inter-est income and tax revenues would cover the payments going out the door on Social Security until 2022, except for the small problem of, somehow be-tween August and 3 weeks ago when we got this new updated report, it is down to 2018. Now, all of a sudden, Social Se-curity goes negative, meaning it doesn’t have enough revenues to cover its obligations. So the way we were doing the math is, in 20 to 22 months, Social Security is going to have to start reaching over and cash in some of its bonds. We pay ourselves 3.1 percent interest in the washing machine where the general fund has reached over to the Social Se-curity trust fund, taken the money, and loaned it to our debt. This is devastating. If any of you have ever been in business or finance, when you start to use up principal, you are in real trouble. I yield to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania. Mr. PERRY. So we lost 4 years. What caused losing 4 years? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. It is a combina-tion of economy, growth rate, reaching over and taking $114 billion out to shore up Social Security disability, and our recalculation of what future GDP is. Just for the fun of it, can I talk my friend from South Carolina into joining us, A, because it is always entertaining when you get behind a microphone, and, B, you have no hesitation to cor-rect me when I get math wrong. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. MULVANEY. Well, anything for fun, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from South Carolina and I have talked about these charts before, and the reality of this should terrify people how fast these numbers are eroding. Where is the conversation? Why isn’t it a headline? Why isn’t it on business news every night? If I came to you and said you just lost 4 years of actuarial soundness on a trust fund that today is $2.8 trillion, you have got to understand the scale we are talking about. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. MULVANEY. The real frus-trating thing about it, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , is that the demographic group that you would hope would be engaged in this topic isn’t. When you go home and you and I and Mr. P
ERRY  talk to our folks back home, who is most interested in Social Security? The folks who are already at or near retirement. You have got another graph, by the way, that shows who really should be interested in this because you have got the first year outgoing exceeds income, including interest. On another graph, you show when the trust fund goes to zero for Social Security. The last time I had the CBO run the numbers, it was roughly 2032. In fact, it was July of 2032. Why do I remember this? It is the month that I turn 65 years old. It should be our generation. It should be the people in their thir-ties, forties, and fifties who are de-manding that we make this a topic of conversation, and they don’t. They are not demanding it right now in the Presidential election. They are not demanding it in their congressional elections. They are more concerned about other things that I get the im-portance, as Mr. P
ERRY does, of na-tional defense and immigration. I get all that. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. How do you and I and Mr. P
ERRY help the public under-stand these numbers in the background are driving much of our policy here, much of the fussing here, but yet it is not part of the Presidential campaign, and this is no longer about your grandkids? This no longer about your kids. It is about you retire—you turn 65 in what year? I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. MULVANEY. 2032. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. You will be happy to know that my math is Social Security will have been emptied out 2 years before you retire. I mean, it is 14 years from now. So these are just crit-ical. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. MULVANEY. Yet it is not our generation. It is Mr. B
UCK’s generation, the gentleman from Colorado, the older generation, the next generation who is paying closer attention to it. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I am not going there. Let’s walk through a couple of the other trust funds because I know this is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.090 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH704 February 10, 2016 
really exciting, but this is important. This is the 10,000-pound gorilla in the room. So often those of us, as Members of Congress, we get behind these micro-phones and we do the shiny object type of discussion. This is it. This is going to decide what our military capability is because it is what we can afford. This is going to decide what money we have for med-ical research and education. This is it. These numbers are incredibly impor-tant. If this doesn’t drive us this year to start moving forward on tax reform, on regulatory reform, things that will start to kick-start economic growth, these numbers are devastating. b1900 Let’s do a little quick discussion about Medicare part A. If I came to you right now and said: ‘‘Hey, what was so devastating in this Congressional Budget Office report? What should have scared you out of your mind?’’, in here it basically for the very first time said one of the major trust funds is out of money in the 10-year window. Mr. PERRY. Ten years. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Look at this. If you plan to be around 9 years from now, Medicare part A, what covers your hospital, those types of section in Medicare, it is gone. The trust fund is gone. So all of a sudden now are we willing to do what Speaker R
YAN has talked about for years, premium support, some way to reform the way we price and cost and the benefits we receive and how we allocate them and price theory, you know, sort of thinking like an economist, but things that make sure you get your earned benefit, but we also make it sustainable? It is no longer a theoretical conversa-tion for decades from now. It is in 9 years. So if you plan to live for 9 more years, understand, Medicare part A, the trust fund, is gone. In our calculations in our office, it could be 30 percent cut in what is able to be paid out. How many medical pro-fessionals are willing to see you when you come in and say that you need your cataract done, you need a heart valve, you need this and, oh, by the way, the hospital is only going to be paid 30 percent less what it gets today? Are they still going to see you? Do you understand the wall we are going to be putting our seniors in? This happens in 9 years. How many Presidential candidates have you seen or heard talk about this? Mr. PERRY. I haven’t seen any talk about that. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. So now let’s talk about the other trust fund that was in the Congressional Budget Office report, something we shored up this last fall. You remember how we did it? We reached over and grabbed $114 billion out of Social Security, old-age sur-vivors, and moved it over to Social Se-curity disability. In the discussions around here, peo-ple were happy. They were applauding. I thought we had fixed it for years. Re-member there were going to be some reforms and some of these things? Well, these numbers are with the reforms and with the money, and it is gone in 58 months. MICK, I am going to make you stand up again because you were one of the most articulate in talking about the scale of reforms we had. Both were just, in the modern economy, were there ways we could help our brothers and sisters who are on Social Security disability move back into at least some economic participation and not have them hit a cliff where all of a sudden their benefits are cut off. It might cost us a little bit for a cou-ple years, but in the future it would be-come more sustainable. We didn’t do it. Now we are back on the treadmill again. Mr. MULVANEY. I have got a ques-tion for you. While we are preparing that question, if the young man could put up the previous graph below, that one that shows the status of the Medi-care trust fund. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. It is stunning to think, in 9 years, Social Security dis-ability—— Mr. MULVANEY. Put them so we can see both of them at the same time, please. That is stunning. So between 2021 and 2025, we are going to have the Social Security disability fund go broke—— Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Yes. Mr. MULVANEY. And Medicare part A go broke. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Correct. Mr. MULVANEY. Last time we fixed the Social Security disability—I am making the air quotations when I say fixed disability—by robbing from old- age retirement. Where are we going to rob from the next time when we have both Medicare and Social Security disability going bust within a couple of months of each other? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Look, the ulti-mate driver for all of these trust funds, for everything around us, would be in-credibly robust economic growth. Math problem. Mr. MULVANEY. What are the as-sumptions on this, by the way? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Oh, no. We are working on those tables because it turns out to be much more com-plicated. A couple years ago, when we were pretending we would hit 2016 and be at 4
1⁄2percent GDP growth, if you hit that number and could hold it, we were going to be okay. Mr. MULVANEY. How many times, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , have we held 41⁄2per-cent growth for, say, a decade? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I don’t think it has ever been done, ever. Mr. MULVANEY. I think that is a fair assumption. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. In this environ-ment, in the fourth quarter of last year, which is the first quarter of our fiscal year, we were at, what, 0.7? Mr. MULVANEY. As this year stands, it looks like now, when they re-vise the last quarter’s numbers, which they will do here shortly, 2015 will be the tenth year in a row without 3 per-cent growth in the American economy. If that turns out to be the case and we go 10 years without 3 percent growth during any of that decade, it will be the first time in the history of the Nation that that has happened. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. And then you try to have the conversation with our friends from the left saying: You don’t think the regulatory state affects us? You don’t think raising taxes has slowed down the economy? There is some actual great lit-erature—and we are working on it for a future presentation—that says, for the tax hikes that the President demanded a couple years ago that this body did, for every dollar of new revenues that came in, a dollar was lost in economic growth. It got us nothing. It basically slowed down our economic growth into the fu-ture, ultimately costing us billions. In a couple of these programs, if you real-ly lay it out over 30 years, it could be in the trillions. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. SCHWEIKERT , I see you brought up the graph for the Social Security trust fund. Have you explained what the nature of the trust fund is? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. No, I haven’t. I may let you do that. Let me just pitch what this one means. In 2011, when I first got here and I started this project in our office, we ac-tually set up a little team in our office we call the ideas shop. We actually grind out these numbers all the time, and we watch them like a hawk. We actually do something fun. When the trustee reports come out, we sit there with our yellow highlighters and read them as a group. The amazing thing is I have almost no staff turn-over, which I can’t figure out why they stay. I hear some of my staff laughing in the background. Mr. MULVANEY. No. That is us, ac-tually. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. In 2011, this was the chart. I just want you to look. What is the direction? The trust fund was supposed to grow and grow and grow up until 2021. There was going to be more money there every year. This is what we were telling ourselves, telling the public, telling the financial markets just 5 years ago. Now take a look when we look at the new budget projection. And understand we went from saying these trust funds are going to grow. So when you and I first got here, I think the Social Security trust fund was supposed to survive to 2038, and now we have taken 8 or 9 years off that. This is the new number that just came out in the report, that, in 22 months, it starts to go negative and we start to dip into the principal balance. In 14 years—and you will see that in the next chart because in the next one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.091 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H705 February 10, 2016 
I take it beyond the 10-year projection because we had to do our own calcula-tions for the final 4 because they only give you 10 years when they do the pro-jections—in 14 years, the trust fund is gone. Look, I know you have talked about how the trust fund works. Mr. MULVANEY. Yeah. The trust fund is actually fairly simple. A lot of people think that it doesn’t exist. They think it is a myth. It is real. What it represents is the accumu-lated excess collections that Social Se-curity has made over the years. I tell people that the last time we really had a major overhaul of Social Security was back in the 1980s. Ever since then, we have taken more money in every month in Social Secu-rity taxes, FICA, than we have paid out in benefits. So if you take $100 in in a particular month and only spend $80, you have $20 left over. That is the money that goes into the trust fund. It is essentially a savings account. Now, when people say, oh, it doesn’t really exist, you have stolen money from it, and it is not there, that is not true. You can’t keep $20, real paper money, in an account someplace, in a desk. That would be foolish. What we do is we invest in the only thing the Social Security Administra-tion is allowed to invest in, which is U.S. treasuries. There is actually in ex-cess of $2 trillion in the trust fund. The trust fund exists. It is in a draw-er in West Virginia in a building named after Senator Byrd, as most of the buildings are in West Virginia. It is full of treasuries. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Actually, Gen-eral Perry and I were talking about that. You don’t mind me calling you that, do you? Mr. PERRY. Carry on. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Our official mili-tary expert. It was helicopters, wasn’t it? Mr. PERRY. Indeed. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. We were talking about earlier that my calculations are that, as of right now today, it is a lit-tle under $2.8 trillion of special Treas-ury notes that have been given from the Treasury to the Social Security trust fund because that cash has been moved over here. And the revenues that go into Social Security are a combination of the FICA taxes. And would you believe we pay ourselves 3.1 percent interest? Mr. MULVANEY. Wow. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. It took us a while to find that number. Mr. MULVANEY. Do we actually pay that or we assume that? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. No. No. Tech-nically, we are paying ourselves. So that is part of the revenue into Social Security right now and the Medicare trust fund and all the three big trust funds. We are paying ourselves 3.1 per-cent, which is actually greater than a 10-year T-bill substantially. Mr. MULVANEY. That is a great in-vestment right now. Yeah. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. So we are actu-ally paying ourselves a SPIF, and we are still burning through our cash. That is why this board is up, to show you how devastatingly different the number is from just this last August, how fast the numbers have moved. But even if we go back to 2011, when we were doing these floor presen-tations, we thought we were talking 2038. You would have been 65-plus for a few years. Mr. MULVANEY. Could have been at Mr. B
UCK’s age. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Yeah. I am not going there. Sorry to the Speaker. We don’t mean to be teasing you. Well, actually, we do. We are just afraid of it. But this is really important. So if there is someone out there, whether you are on the right or the left, and you actually care about getting your earned benefits, you need to start de-manding your elected officials to take it seriously. Number one is: What are you going to do to get this economy to grow? Be-cause that becomes the most powerful thing to fix these numbers. These numbers are rotten and hor-rible because now we are projecting long-term GDP around 2.2, 2.5. When you start looking at numbers in there, it doesn’t work. The math just doesn’t work for us. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , there is an ad campaign on television right now that speaks to this. I think it was on during the Super Bowl. It shows a very dramatic bridge scene and the bridge slowly fades into decay, and it says: This is what will happen to our economy. This is what will happen to our infrastructure because of enti-tlement spending. Some folks don’t like that term, but we use it here for Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and so forth. It says: Demand of the Presidential candidates what their plan is to solve this problem. Call or write your Mem-ber of Congress and demand what their plan is. I have gotten one call. Have you got-ten any? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Oh, it is amazing. Mr. MULVANEY. How many people have called your office to say: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , what is your plan for fix-ing this? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I think it is zero. And I have actually had this experience and I think Mr. P
ERRY , my friend from Pennsylvania, had this experience where we have held budget townhalls and we have held well over a hundred in our district over the last couple years. We walk through the numbers and then have a discussion about it. I have had an individual go to the microphone and basically use a curse word and then say: I don’t care about my grandkids. I want every dime. Part of the audience laughed. Part of the audience was terrified. Maybe that was a more interesting discussion when it really was about your great-grandkids or your grandkids or your kids. You have to understand that the ero-sion of these numbers, substantially because of the growth of participation, utilization of the benefits, and the hor-rible economic growth, is no longer fu-ture generations. This is us, particu-larly you. I didn’t realize you were so old. Mr. MULVANEY. It happens. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Can you see that date on this particular slide? I know you have eagle eyes from flying those helicopters. Our number is 2030, 2031. Right in there the Social Security trust fund is gone. Mr. MULVANEY. And so what hap-pens on that date? Mr. PERRY. The only thing you have left to pay is from incoming revenues from taxes. So your benefits are de-creased by that whatever that amount is at that time. So it probably fluc-tuates probably somewhere between 25 and 30 percent. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. In some ways, it is actually more complicated, which I wasn’t going to go there, but let’s do it for the fun of it. The Social Security revenues will be subject to the whims of the economy. So you might have 1 month where you are able to pay out more and the next month you are paying out less because of the whims. You also no longer have the interest revenue. If I handed you $2.8 trillion today and paid you 3.1 percent, that is what is going into the trust fund today. That is all gone. The interest revenues are gone. b1915 This is a double whammy we are talking about. That is why you never, ever, ever want to get anywhere near these numbers. You fix it long before. Because every day we wait, it gets harder to deal with. Remember, my calculations are that in about 22 months we start to move into principal balance. We start eating our seed corn. And then, every day, the calculations get more difficult. Mr. MULVANEY. You talked about how every day we wait, it gets harder to do. I remember giving a presen-tation similar to this at a retirement community in my neighborhood. It was back during one of the first Ryan budg-ets when we had actually talked about raising the benefit age slowly by a cou-ple of months. There was a gentleman there who was in his late fifties. He said: Look, I don’t want to work another 2 or 3 years. I said: Sir, we are not asking you to do that. He said: What are you ask-ing me? I said: I am asking you to work an extra month. I am asking me to work an extra year. I am asking my triplets to work an extra 2, but I am only asking you to work an extra month. Can’t you do that? He said: Of course, I can do that. Will that fix things? I said: That will go a long way towards fixing things. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.093 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH706 February 10, 2016 
He got angry that it was that easy and nobody had explained it to him. I said: You are going to get even angrier. If we had done it 20 years ago, it would be a week. If we wait another 20 years, you can never fix it. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. You no longer can say 20 years or a couple of decades. It is 14 years now. I am the proud father of an infant. If you do the calculations, when she reaches her peak earning years, her tax rates will be double what I pay. And that is already done. We have already done that to our children. You have got to understand the scale of what we have done. Doesn’t she have the right to participate in some of the same earned benefits that we should have earned and hopefully will be there because we are going to find a way to fix them? It is not like the left gets behind tel-evision cameras and screams at us or puts up television commercials of a P
AUL RYAN look-alike pushing grand-ma off the cliff. That is political rhet-oric. They are basically pulling a scam on you. This is math. I know we get folks in—I don’t you know if you have ever had them at your townhalls—saying: It doesn’t feel right. But I don’t have a feelings but-ton on my calculator. I have said that over and over to try to make the point that if you want us to protect your re-tirement future, you have got to de-mand that we step up and do it. It can be done by a series of little things. The reality is that Social Security is easy to fix. You can create a little smorgasbord of policy. Some might be aged, some might be folks with certain assets and opting out. There are a whole series of creative things to do. You give some optionality to young people. Because those who now are going to live in sort of the ‘‘gig’’ econ-omy have the ability to put in 50 cents every time they have a transaction or by using the technology of these super-computers we all carry in our pocket. Mr. PERRY. Many of your constitu-ents hear, from time to time, whether it is the President, people on the other side—and, frankly, people on our side— say that we are reducing the deficits. They hear this. If they don’t come to your townhall meeting, they say: Well, the deficit is smaller, right? So that is good. What is all this hara-kiri about Social Security and debt. What is all the histrionics? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. We are going to get to that in a second, because you have to understand how much the def-icit has gone up this year. We have a slide somewhere here that is going to tell us that. May I ask the Speaker how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UCK). The gentleman from Arizona has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Let’s actually run through these. Let’s use our last 12 minutes and get exactly to your point of where we are at and what has been going on. I put this one up specially for my friends who had fussed and wailed and complained about this thing called se-questration and how it was the end of the world. Basically, western civiliza-tion was going to be collapsed to its knees. What you see is that the red is se-questration and the green is discre-tionary spending without sequestra-tion. If you see the blue bars there, that is mandatory spending. That is Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, the new healthcare law, interest on the debt, and other transfer programs. It explodes off the charts. If our friends who complained about sequestration so much cared, they would have talked about mandatory spending: the entitlements. But if you look at the differential between that red and green, it is tiny. The fact of the matter is, this year and next year it is actually gone. Mr. PERRY. I don’t think you can completely explain the green part of sequestration. As you can see, it moves above the red line on occasion about 2017. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Basically, let’s look at 2016 and 2017. There is no se-questration. We increased our spend-ing. We blew up the sequestration caps this last fall and last year. Mr. PERRY. We wanted to spend more money. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. So the one thing that was holding us back on discre-tionary spending is gone, but under the law, it actually comes back in 2018. So that little tiny differential you see on that chart between the red and the green is sequestration. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. SCHWEIKERT , would you like to wager a guess as to the likelihood of that reduction stay-ing in law is? Mr. SCHWEIKERT. It has got to en-rage us that if you really cared about the country, you would have the two conversations we are demanding: one, your willingness to change the Tax Code and the regulatory code—the things that help grow the economy— and; two, how are you going to deal with the mandatory spending—the en-titlements—that are blowing off the charts? Mr. PERRY. But the bigger point of this slide, if you will, is that even with sequestration, you can see that, first of all, it is not different from the normal program spending. It has absolutely nothing to do with the huge portion of spending which is mandatory that eclipses everything we do, regardless. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. M
ULVANEY  and I have been having a running con-versation about how we put together a budget for this coming year. One of the discussions that we have been trying to calculate is, okay, they blew up some of the spending caps last year. It is what it is. But if they had paid for that increased spending with reforms in en-titlements, that is something that goes on and on and on and multiplies out into the future. Actually, it does a little bit to help our future and save the entitlements. It has sort of a multiplier effect be-cause it lives in perpetuity. It is fas-cinating, because some of us are trying to pitch that idea of give us a few things that we know actually have a multiplier effect in the future as a way to start to deal with these numbers. I put this chart up. This is last year. We are going to do this real quickly. I will have it on the Web site, and I will ask both of you if you are willing to do it, too. You are at your town hall. You have a group walking into your office de-manding more money. You have got to understand that happens all day long. Every 15 minutes, there is another meeting of another group that wants more money. I will get groups that will come in and say: We want more money. If you would just get rid of foreign aid, we will be just fine. Then you pull this board out and say, Okay, you see the little red line there? That is every dime of the State Department’s budget. That is military foreign aid, foreign aid to Israel, humanitarian foreign aid, food aid, and all the embassies and their staff, and this and that. It doesn’t do anything. It is great rhetoric. It is a shiny object. It does not do anything, unless you are talking about Social Security, Medicare, Med-icaid, other welfare programs, ObamaCare, interest on the debt. Understand that we are incredibly lucky. Interest on the debt this year was supposed to be somewhere in the $600 billion range. Our projection for the 2016 budget is maybe about $260 bil-lion. We have been really lucky. Mr. PERRY. It is the only benefit of a weak economy. Mr. MULVANEY. It is also the ben-efit of a totally accommodating Fed-eral Reserve, who sets the price of in-terest through things like quantitative easing, which is nothing more than printing money. They have unnatu-rally depressed rates. Depressed interest rates is nothing more than the cost of money. One of the direct beneficiaries of that has been this body. It has been much easier for us to run of these huge deficits— which is the annual debt—and the over-all debt, simply because it is essen-tially been free money for the last 6 or 7 years. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. MULVANEY , would you agree that the cheap money, the artificial liquidity, has kept Con-gress from doing what it knew it had to do in reforming the entitlement pro-grams? Mr. MULVANEY. There is no ques-tion. At $16 trillion of debt, roughly, which is the public debt now, you are talking about interest rates below 2 percent. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. If you really want to get geeky, it is getting shorter because they are going shorter on what they call the weighted daily average. Mr. MULVANEY. The 40-year rolling average is about 6 percent. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.094 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H707 February 10, 2016 
what money ordinarily costs the United States of America. It is about 6 percent if you look at it over a genera-tional length of time. If we simply regress to the mean and end up with money costing us about 6 percent, you are talking about more than $1 trillion a year in just interest payments. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. It is coming. This goes back to what my friend from Pennsylvania was commenting on. What do we look like in the year we are in right now? Functionally, we are going to be borrowing about $545 bil-lion this year. This was supposed to be one of the good years. Understand that the inflection doesn’t happen until 2018, when the debt starts to explode. This was one of the good years. Do you understand what $545 billion is? No one does. That is a lot of zeroes. It is $1.493 billion a day. It is $62 mil-lion a hour. But, think of this. My fa-vorite one is that it is $1 million a minute. It is $17,000 a second. And un-derstand this goes up in 9 years. It ba-sically triples. This triples in 9 years. So, we are borrowing $17,000 a second, and that number triples in 9 years. I threw these together because I figured we would have a little bit of fun here. So, we are holding a townhall. We get some of the groups that come in and fuss at us and say: Well, I saw some-where on some news article that said you should get rid of subsidies for fossil fuels. First off, it is depreciation, just like every business has, but let’s say you took away that depreciation from the production of natural gas and oil. You took it all away. If we are borrowing, functionally, $1.5 billion every single day, and you took it all away, it would buy you 12 min-utes and 41 seconds of borrowing cov-erage a day. There are 1,440 minutes in a day, and you just came up with a way to cover 13 minutes. It shows you how fake many of these rhetorical things are that we hear from the political class, particularly the left. Let’s actually take the next step. What about green energy? Did you know green energy has three times the subsidies of fossil fuels? Let’s say you took every dime of the $36.7 million day that green energy gets. That buys you almost 35 minutes a day. There are 1,440 minutes in a day. We took care of 12 minutes by getting rid of the tax deductions and deprecia-tion for fossil fuels. You got rid of 35 minutes and 24 seconds if you got rid of it all for renewables. My point is, much of the rhetorical things we hear from the President, from our friends on the left, are com-pletely frauds, mathematically. We have to understand something very, very simple. We are borrowing more than half a trillion dollars this year. In 20 months, the debt starts to explode. b1930 Mr. M
ULVANEY , when you have actu-ally been in front of some of your audi-ences in South Carolina, have you ever shown them the chart that this year and next year were supposed to be the good years? It was supposed to be fairly flat, and then it explodes. Mr. MULVANEY. Actually, I have been showing them that chart since you and I arrived in 2011 because the number has not changed significantly. When you and I arrived and served on the Budget Committee together in 2011, we could have told people roughly what the deficit would have been this year. The projections have not changed. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. And what hap-pened between last August and now that all of a sudden—remember, last year, the deficit was about $150 billion lower than this, than we are going to run this year. Multiple things hap-pened: We didn’t come close to the economic growth we had built and modeled. The movement of our citizens into certain programs has been greater than expected, and fewer velocity. We say unemployment is this, but when we actually look at the actual tax revenues coming from it, there is a disconnect. There is something hor-ribly wrong there. So there is some-thing wrong in economic growth. And then we blew up many of the se-questration caps last year. Well, ultimately, we went from, I think we had a $420 billion, $430 billion deficit last year, which was still stun-ning, and now we are going to be $545 billion. Look, these are big numbers. It makes your brain hurt. They are un-comfortable. But what you have to ap-preciate, it is stunning, and it gets dra-matically worse in 20 months. We hit what was called the inflection. I remember reading about this a dec-ade or two decades ago. It is when the baby boom population has been moved in to retirement. And the spiking years are moving in, and they are starting to receive their earned benefits. Then we start adding a couple of hundred billion dollars every year in new borrowing, and it blows off the chart. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 757. An Act to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. H
UDSON (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of ill-ness. SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: S. 2109. An Act to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop an integrated plan to re-duce administrative costs under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 11, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4289. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1429; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-246- AD; Amendment 39-18382; AD 2016-02-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4290. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-1045; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-031- AD; Amendment 39-18372; AD 2016-01-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4291. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0447; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-019-AD; Amendment 39-18368; AD 2016-01-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4292. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2967; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-072-AD; Amendment 39-18376; AD 2016-01-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4293. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1990; Directorate Identifier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE7.095 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH708 February 10, 2016 
2015-NM-027-AD; Amendment 39-18364; AD 2016-01-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4294. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1427; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-203- AD; Amendment 39-18380; AD 2016-02-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4295. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8695; Directorate Identifier 2015- SW-042-AD; Amendment 39-18365; AD 2016-01- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4296. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0081; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-170-AD; Amendment 39-18371; AD 2016-01-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4297. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1991; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-251- AD; Amendment 39-18381; AD 2016-02-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4298. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0678; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-207- AD; Amendment 39-18367; AD 2016-01-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4299. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1984; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-022-AD; Amendment 39-18363; AD 2016-01-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4300. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8433; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-194- AD; Amendment 39-18366; AD 2016-01-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4301. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1275; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-070- AD; Amendment 39-18354; AD 2015-26-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4302. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1981; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-204- AD; Amendment 39-18362; AD 2016-01-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4303. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4213; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-022-AD; Amendment 39-18359; AD 2016-01-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4304. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1049; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-110-AD; Amendment 39-18361; AD 2016-01-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4305. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1422; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-125- AD; Amendment 39-18370; AD 2016-01-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4306. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1990; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-027-AD; Amendment 39-18364; AD 2016-01-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4307. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1982; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-108-AD; Amendment 39-18353; AD 2015-26-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4308. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0937; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-024- AD; Amendment 39-18348; AD 2015-25-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 8, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 611. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2017) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure require-ments for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A, and providing for proceedings during the period from February 15, 2016, through February 22, 2016 (Rept. 114–421). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself and Mr. V
ARGAS ): H.R. 4514. A bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce or investment-re-lated boycott, divestment, or sanctions ac-tivities targeting Israel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself and Mr. C
OOK): H.R. 4515. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to increase the maximum pen-alty for mail theft; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 4516. A bill to require data brokers to establish procedures to ensure the accuracy of collected personal information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. C
OHEN ): H.R. 4517. A bill to provide for greater transparency in and user control over the treatment of data collected by mobile appli-cations and to enhance the security of such data; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota (for him-self, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. W
ILLIAMS ): H.R. 4518. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to lower the corporate rate of income tax to the OECD average, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 4519. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide a five-year extension of the special survivor indemnity allowance provided to widows and widowers of deceased members of the uniformed services affected by required Survivor Benefit Plan annuity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10FE7.000 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H709 February 10, 2016 
offset for dependency and indemnity com-pensation received under section 1311(a) of title 38, United States Code; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M ILLER  of Florida, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. R OD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. R
OUZER , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. B
ENISHEK , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. V ELA, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. B OST, Mr. A
SHFORD , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. K IND, Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. G
RAHAM , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. H
URD of Texas, Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia): H.R. 4520. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Justin Smith Morrill, United States Senator of the State of Vermont, in recognition of his lasting con-tributions to higher education opportunity for all Americans; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. D ENT, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. F
ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T
IBERI , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L
EWIS, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. LATTA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M
EEHAN , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V
ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. H
AHN, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. K IND, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W
ELCH , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. H
OYER , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi): H.R. 4521. A bill to transfer recreational management authority for Lake Berryessa in the State of California from the Bureau of Reclamation to the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M ICA, Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. K LINE, Mr. K INZINGER  of Illinois, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and Mr. Y OHO): H.R. 4522. A bill to amend the Anti-Ter-rorism Act of 1987 with respect to certain prohibitions regarding the Palestine Libera-tion Organization under that Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER ): H.R. 4523. A bill to repeal the Military Se-lective Service Act, and thereby terminate the registration requirements of such Act and eliminate civilian local boards, civilian appeal boards, and similar local agencies of the Selective Service System; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida): H.R. 4524. A bill to amend the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for mandatory funding, to ensure that the families that have infants and toddlers, have a family income of not more than 200 percent of the applicable Fed-eral poverty guideline, and need child care have access to high-quality infant and tod-dler child care by the end of fiscal year 2026, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4525. A bill to make a supplemental appropriation for the Public Health Emer-gency Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 4526. A bill to amend the Restore On-line Shoppers’ Confidence Act to protect con-sumers from deceptive practices with respect to online booking of hotel reservations and to direct the Federal Trade Commission to conduct a study with respect to online shop-ping for hotel reservations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 4527. A bill to temporarily authorize recently retired members of the armed forces to be appointed to certain civil service posi-tions, require the Secretary of Defense to issue certain notifications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-gan): H.R. 4528. A bill to preempt State data se-curity vulnerability mandates and decryption requirements; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4529. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide for an annual in-crease in the contribution and benefit base, to exclude a certain number of childcare years from the benefit computation formula, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. A
MODEI ): H.R. 4530. A bill to implement integrity measures to strengthen the EB-5 Regional Center Program in order to promote and re-form foreign capital investment and job cre-ation in American communities; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 4531. A bill to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. C HAFFETZ , and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah): H. Con. Res. 114. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10FE7.100 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH710 February 10, 2016 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DOLD: H.R. 4514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 4515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 4516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 4517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: H.R. 4518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the com-mon Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 4519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 4520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 4521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Sec I By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 4522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 4523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution (Clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 4524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 4525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 4526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, respectively giving Con-gress the authority to regulate interstate commerce and to make all laws neccessary and proper for carrying into execution the powers of Congress. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 4527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 4528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The General Welfare Clause of Article 1, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 4530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 4531. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, section 8 of the Constitu-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. T HORNBERRY . H.R. 188: Mrs. B
USTOS and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 191: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 267: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 347: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 467: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 662: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 699: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 700: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 745: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 814: Mr. M
CCAULand Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 845: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 863: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 921: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 939: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1062: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1142: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 1193: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1284: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1391: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1397: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1475: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1552: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1608: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 1736: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 1769: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1887: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2144: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 2148: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 2228: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2236: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2300: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2330: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2400: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 2411. Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2418: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 2449: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2515: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. W EBSTER of Flor- ida. H.R. 2631: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2680: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. M URPHY  of Florida. H.R. 2698: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 2715: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 2737: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 2802: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 2823: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2992: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. U PTON , Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. Y
ODER , and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 3099: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3142: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 3180: Mr. R
EED, Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3229: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3283: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 3323: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3326: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3355: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 3365: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. S WALWELL  of California. H.R. 3381: Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 3406: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 3516: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3635: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 3706: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 3782: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3805: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3880: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3892: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 3913: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3917: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 3920: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3947: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3948: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3949: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 3952: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3956: Mr. R
ANGEL and Mrs. R OBY. H.R. 3970: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 3986: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4007: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 4013: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4076: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4087: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 4126: Mr. F
ORBES and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4137: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4144: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4176: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 4184: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 4212: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4219: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4229: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4235: Mr. T
AKANO and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 4247: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4262: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4263: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4266: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4281: Mr. C
OSTA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.040 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H711 February 10, 2016 
H.R. 4320: Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 4336: Mr. G
OODLATTE and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 4342: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 4344: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 4352: Mr. A
SHFORD , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C
ARNEY , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4355: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4364: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4365: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4380: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4400: Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4420: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. G
OWDY , and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 4428: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4430: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi- nois, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4435: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4436: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 4438: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 4442: Mr. H
INOJOSA and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4446: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
IERLUISI , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 4447: Ms. BORDALLO and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 4461: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 4470: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Mr. E
LLISON , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 4475: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4502: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.J. Res. 9: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H. Con. Res. 50: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. B
UCSHON . H. Con. Res. 101: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H. Con. Res. 110: Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 148: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. R OSKAM . H. Res. 318: Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 454: Mr. G
OHMERT . H. Res. 548: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 569: Mr. N
OLAN . H. Res. 571: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. G
RANGER , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H. Res. 582: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H. Res. 588: Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. B ABIN. H. Res. 593: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Ms. J UDY C
HUof California. H. Res. 597: Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 610: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMRS. MCMORRIS RODGERS  The Manager’s amendment to be offered to H.R. 2017, Common Sense Nutrition Disclo-sure Act of 2015, by Representative McMorris Rodgers of Washington, or a designee, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE7.044 H10FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S759 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 2016 No. 24 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, glorious in strength and marvelous in majesty, we ascribe to You the glory due Your Name. You have elevated this Nation and sus-tained it through its history. Keep us from forgetting that righteousness ex-alts, but sin destroys. Lord, infuse our Senators with the spirit of humility, enabling them to refuse to become legends in their own minds. May they cultivate esteem for others, seeking for opportunities to practice the Golden Rule: Do unto oth-ers as you would have them do unto you. As they work to find common ground, give them Your wisdom and peace. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CLEAN POWER PLAN Mr. REID. Mr. President, I was dis-appointed last night to learn that the Supreme Court temporarily halted the implementation of President Obama’s Clean Power Plan program. This was an especially stunning move by the Su-preme Court, given that just weeks ago the DC Circuit Court of Appeals cat-egorically rejected a halt in the Clean Power Plan and States do not need to start implementing the plan until 2022. This shortsighted decision by the Court’s five conservative Justices is an unfortunate setback. It unnecessarily puts into question a major part of our country’s effort to address climate change and protect our environment. Notwithstanding my amazement, I re-main confident that the Obama admin-istration’s carbon rules are legally sound and will prevail in the courts. In the landmark case Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency, the Supreme Court itself directed the Environmental Protection Agency to address climate change if carbon pollu-tion was found to be a danger to human health. Based on enormous scientific evidence, the EPA did make that find-ing and the Agency is required by law to regulate carbon pollution. I can’t imagine that the Supreme Court would take such an unprecedented and drastic step at this time. But the unparalleled nature of the Supreme Court’s deci-sions show why Congress must play a role in addressing climate change. Climate-denying Republicans in the House and Senate might applaud this decision, but their refusal to protect Americans from the impact of climate change is the real loss for our country. f 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS LEGISLATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, there is no nation on this planet more dedicated to fear and intimidation than North Korea. Its leader Kim Jong Un is a bru-tal dictator. He will stop at nothing to keep his power intact and his people isolated. That has been proven. To accomplish these objectives, the North Korean Government relies on threats to Japan and other neighbors and, of course, the United States. Re-cently, the number of alarming devel-opments out of North Korea has accel-erated. These acts of aggression are ex-tremely concerning to the American community, as they should be. Last Saturday, North Korea defied international warnings and launched a rocket using ballistic missile tech-nology. This was a flagrant violation of multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions. This came less than a month after North Korea deto-nated a nuclear device, also in clear violation of international law. That brings us to yesterday, when the U.S. Director of National Intel-ligence, James Clapper, confirmed that North Korea has restarted a plutonium reactor. The Director estimated that North Korea would be able to recover fuel from its reactor within a matter of weeks or months. The international community quick-ly condemned these incidents, as it should have. President Obama has been a leader in pushing back against the saber-rattling from North Korea. He has worked to galvanize the world in opposing North Korea’s provocative and destabilizing behavior. Under the President’s leadership, the United States has built a global coalition, in-cluding China and Russia, to impose sanctions against North Korea. There is an international consensus that North Korea’s actions violate international law and threaten our al-lies and partners in the region. Here in the Capitol there is also broad bipar-tisan agreement that there must be consequences for North Korea’s provo-cations. The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed new sanctions legislation. Now the Senate must act. We need to do it today. Two weeks ago the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee unanimously approved the sanc-tions bill that is now before this body. This legislation would require the President to investigate and sanction any person who knowingly imports into North Korea certain goods, tech-nologies, service, training or advice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.000 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES760 February 10, 2016 
concerning weapons of mass destruc-tion. It also directs the President to in-vestigate and sanction people who en-gage in human rights abuses, money laundering and related activities, and cyber terrorism or other cyber van-dalism. In addition, the legislation author-izes $15 million to transmit radio broadcasts to North Korea for the next 5 years. These are commonsense steps that Congress should take in response to North Korea’s unwarranted provo-cation. Everyone in the Senate agrees that North Korea’s aggression cannot go unanswered. Its actions threaten the peace and security of the region and, actually, the world. I hope my col-leagues will join with me in passing this legislation today to send a mes-sage to Kim Jong Un that his reckless behavior will not go unanswered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED PESCE Mr. REID. Mr. President, I so admire the family we have here in the Senate. Many people work ceaselessly to make sure the Senate runs well. In the Sen-ate Periodical Press Gallery, a small group of nonpartisan staffers helps the congressional press office to work to-gether with the communications staff of Senators and their committees. Their fingerprints can be found on nearly every part of the Senate’s busi-ness. The Senate Periodical Press Gallery facilitates key parts of Senate busi-ness, including press access, print and digital media planning, security proto-cols, and communications across hun-dreds of thousands of media platforms. For over 15 years, one man has been at the helm of this exceptionally fine team. His name is Ed Pesce. After graduating from Loyola University in 1990, Ed began working in the Senate Periodical Press Gallery. During his 26 years of service, Ed has always acted with warmth and professionalism. As the news industry transitioned from sole dependence on print and tra-ditional mediums to a thriving com-bination of print and digital media, Ed ensured the Senate Periodical Press Gallery was not left behind. He created the first Web site for the Senate Peri-odical Press Gallery way back in 1999 and developed a social media commu-nications program since then. Ed has been a trailblazer in the news industry and a principal leader here in the Senate. He has served under 11 Ser-geants at Arms. During countless his-toric achievements here in the Senate, he has seen so much. When asked what they will miss most, Ed’s coworkers re-call his infectious laughter and dedica-tion to team building. Last year, Ed announced that he would retire after more than two dec-ades of service. I congratulate him for his many dedicated years of remark-able service. I wish Ed and John, his husband, all the best in the years to come. On behalf of my colleagues, our staff, and the entire congressional com-munity, I extend my gratitude to Ed for his tireless commitment to the Senate. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED PESCE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I too wish to say a few words about Ed Pesce, who today, after 25 years of Fed-eral service, is retiring as the director of the Senate Periodical Press Gallery. Ed has been a fixture around here for years. You could usually find him right outside the Chamber, behind the saloon swinging doors of the Senate Periodical Press Gallery. When George Mitchell was the major-ity leader, that is where you found him. When Bob Dole had the job, that is where you found him. It has been true ever since. But you can sometimes find Ed in other places too. Some mornings you can spot Ed at the gym on a spin cycle. Later in the evening, you might see Ed queuing for the pre-miere of a Star Wars sequel, maybe even a prequel. At almost any other time, you likely would find Ed buried in a book. Fiction is one of his favorite genres; history is the other. He certainly witnessed plen-ty of it firsthand. He oversaw media planning and execution for six Presi-dential inaugurations, for half a dozen Republican Conventions, and for just as many Democratic ones, not to men-tion hundreds of congressional hear-ings and press conferences. Ed is a Baltimore native who came to the Senate Periodical Press Gallery shortly after graduating from Loyola. He diligently worked his way through the ranks, and after a decade spent learning the tricks of the trade, he as-sumed his current role back in 2000. The job has brought Ed in contact with thousands of Senate staffers and con-gressional reporters. It necessitated many long hours and plenty of late nights. It presented ample amounts of tense situations as well. But Ed never lost his good attitude or his boisterous laugh. Just ask his staff. ‘‘Funloving,’’ ‘‘thoughtful,’’ ‘‘tough, but fair’’—that is how people who work closest with Ed describe him. At 6 feet 2 inches, Ed Pesce is hard to miss, but I know he will be missed here in the Senate when he leaves. He took on a tough job with a great attitude. He gained a lot of fans. It is a legacy that anyone could be proud of. I think I can speak for my colleagues when I say that we thank Ed for his many years of service. We send him our best, and we look forward to seeing what he will be able to accomplish in the next chapter of his life. 
f 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today the Senate has an opportunity to pass bipartisan legislation that would add to our Nation’s ability to hold North Korea accountable for its grow-ing aggression. North Korea threatens regional stability and our own national security. It threatens allies in the re-gion, especially South Korea and Japan. As General Clapper stated yesterday, it is a country that will continue to ad-vance its nuclear program. I would urge my colleagues to vote yes to the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act today so we can work toward keeping our Nation and our al-lies safer. f 
CLEAN POWER PLAN REGULATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, now on yet another matter, a few years ago the Obama administration rolled out a massive regulatory scheme they dubbed a ‘‘Clean Power Plan,’’ an odd choice, given that it would not have a meaningful impact on global emissions or the health of our planet. Here is what those massive regulations likely would do, though: ship middle-class jobs overseas, punish the poor, impose more pain on Kentucky coal families who just want to put food on the table—all for the sake, one must as-sume, of letting well-off folks on the left feel better about themselves for ‘‘doing something.’’ It is pretty clear that the adminis-tration’s energy regulations threaten a lot of middle-class pain for hardly any substantive environmental gain. There is another huge problem too. These regulations are, in my view, likely ille-gal. Yesterday’s Supreme Court order is just the latest sign of that. If noth-ing else, it shows we were right to let Governors know their options. We thought Governors should know they could take a wait-and-see approach be-fore locking their States into some massive regulatory scheme. We thought Governors should know the economic jeopardy they would place their States in by moving ahead with-out a clearer understanding first of what might be legally required. We thought Governors should not feel bullied by the heavy hand of this ad-ministration. That cautious approach was the most responsible one, in my view. Yesterday’s decision shows it was a prudent one as well. We will see what the Supreme Court ultimately decides, but we are going to keep fighting against these regressive regulations re-gardless. It is worth remembering how we got here in the first place. President Obama tried to push a regressive, anti- middle class energy tax through a Democratic-controlled Congress, and his own party said no. That was in 2010 when Democrats controlled the Senate. They said no. He simply went around Congress to impose a similarly regres-sive plan anyway. Kentuckians in the eastern part of my State are experiencing a severe de-pression—a depression that policies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.002 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S761 February 10, 2016 
such as these are only making worse. I have repeatedly invited Gina McCarthy and the President to my home State to see the devastation firsthand. They have yet to accept. But even if they won’t come to us, we have brought the concerns of Kentuckians directly to them. For example, we have brought constituents to administration hear-ings in Washington to try to make peo-ple here listen. I put myself on the Appropriations Subcommittee on the Interior so that I could have a stronger influence in the oversight of the EPA budget. It has given me the opportunity to shed light on the struggles of my home State and question officials like Gina McCarthy. It has given me the chance to push for policy riders in legislation that would undermine or overturn these regula-tions in their entirety. I have repeat-edly done so and will continue to do so. I have also worked successfully with Members of both parties to pass meas-ures through Congress that would also overturn these anti-middle class regu-lations in their entirety. President Obama pulled out all the stops to defeat previous attempts to pass riders. He vetoed the bipartisan measures we passed through Congress. But he cannot stop the Supreme Court from making the right decision, as we hope it ultimately will. He also cannot stop the American people from electing a successor who is ready to support the middle class. Here is the bottom line. I think we owe it to the people under attack to represent them and to stand up on their behalf. The Americans whom these regulations attack have com-mitted no crime. They have done noth-ing wrong. They are human beings with families. It is about time we had an ad-ministration that treated them that way. Until then, we will keep fighting and we will celebrate important progress along the way, just as we did with yesterday’s Supreme Court ac-tion. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 10:30 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of H.R. 757, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 757) to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amend-ment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings; purposes. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—INVESTIGATIONS, PROHIBITED CONDUCT, AND PENALTIES Sec. 101. Statement of policy. Sec. 102. Investigations. Sec. 103. Reporting requirements. Sec. 104. Designation of persons. Sec. 105. Forfeiture of property. TITLE II—SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KO-REAN PROLIFERATION, HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, AND ILLICIT ACTIVITIES Sec. 201. Determinations with respect to North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. Sec. 202. Ensuring the consistent enforcement of United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions and financial re-strictions on North Korea. Sec. 203. Proliferation prevention sanctions. Sec. 204. Procurement sanctions. Sec. 205. Enhanced inspection authorities. Sec. 206. Travel sanctions. Sec. 207. Travel recommendations for United States citizens to North Korea. Sec. 208. Exemptions, waivers, and removals of designation. Sec. 209. Report on and imposition of sanctions to address persons responsible for knowingly engaging in significant activities undermining cybersecu-rity. Sec. 210. Codification of sanctions with respect to North Korean activities under-mining cybersecurity. Sec. 211. Sense of Congress on trilateral co-operation between the United States, South Korea, and Japan. TITLE III—PROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS Sec. 301. Information technology. Sec. 302. Strategy to promote North Korean human rights. Sec. 303. Report on North Korean prison camps. Sec. 304. Report on and imposition of sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea. TITLE IV—GENERAL AUTHORITIES Sec. 401. Suspension of sanctions and other measures. Sec. 402. Termination of sanctions and other measures. Sec. 403. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 404. Rulemaking. Sec. 405. Authority to consolidate reports. Sec. 406. Effective date. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Government of North Korea— (A) has repeatedly violated its commitments to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible dis-mantlement of its nuclear weapons programs; and (B) has willfully violated multiple United Na-tions Security Council resolutions calling for North Korea to cease development, testing, and production of weapons of mass destruction. (2) Based on its past actions, including the transfer of sensitive nuclear and missile tech-nology to state sponsors of terrorism, North Korea poses a grave risk for the proliferation of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass de-struction. (3) The Government of North Korea has been implicated repeatedly in money laundering and other illicit activities, including— (A) prohibited arms sales; (B) narcotics trafficking; (C) the counterfeiting of United States cur-rency; (D) significant activities undermining cyberse-curity; and (E) the counterfeiting of intellectual property of United States persons. (4) North Korea has— (A) unilaterally withdrawn from the Agree-ment Concerning a Military Armistice in Korea, signed at Panmunjom July 27, 1953 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Korean War Armistice Agree-ment’’); and (B) committed provocations against South Korea— (i) by sinking the warship Cheonan and kill-ing 46 of her crew on March 26, 2010; (ii) by shelling Yeonpyeong Island and killing 4 South Korean civilians on November 23, 2010; (iii) by its involvement in the ‘‘DarkSeoul’’ cyberattacks against the financial and commu-nications interests of South Korea on March 20, 2013; and (iv) by planting land mines near a guard post in the South Korean portion of the demilitarized zone that maimed 2 South Korean soldiers on August 4, 2015. (5) North Korea maintains a system of brutal political prison camps that contain as many as 200,000 men, women, and children, who are— (A) kept in atrocious living conditions with insufficient food, clothing, and medical care; and (B) under constant fear of torture or arbitrary execution. (6) North Korea has prioritized weapons pro-grams and the procurement of luxury goods— (A) in defiance of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013); and (B) in gross disregard of the needs of the peo-ple of North Korea. (7) Persons, including financial institutions, who engage in transactions with, or provide fi-nancial services to, the Government of North Korea and its financial institutions without es-tablishing sufficient financial safeguards against North Korea’s use of such transactions to promote proliferation, weapons trafficking, human rights violations, illicit activity, and the purchase of luxury goods— (A) aid and abet North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system; and (B) violate the intent of the United Nations Security Council resolutions referred to in para-graph (6)(A). (8) The Government of North Korea has pro-vided technical support and conducted destruc-tive and coercive cyberattacks, including against Sony Pictures Entertainment and other United States persons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.004 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES762 February 10, 2016 
(9) The conduct of the Government of North Korea poses an imminent threat to— (A) the security of the United States and its allies; (B) the global economy; (C) the safety of members of the United States Armed Forces; (D) the integrity of the global financial sys-tem; (E) the integrity of global nonproliferation programs; and (F) the people of North Korea. (10) The Government of North Korea has sponsored acts of international terrorism, in-cluding— (A) attempts to assassinate defectors and human rights activists; and (B) the shipment of weapons to terrorists and state sponsors of terrorism. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— (1) to use nonmilitary means to address the crisis described in subsection (a); (2) to provide diplomatic leverage to negotiate necessary changes in the conduct of the Govern-ment of North Korea; (3) to ease the suffering of the people of North Korea; and (4) to reaffirm the purposes set forth in section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802). 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPLICABLE EXECUTIVE ORDER .—The term ‘‘applicable Executive order’’ means— (A) Executive Order 13382 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of weapons of mass destruction proliferators and their supporters), Executive Order 13466 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; re-lating to continuing certain restrictions with re-spect to North Korea and North Korean nation-als), Executive Order 13551 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13570 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to prohib-iting certain transactions with respect to North Korea), Executive Order 13619 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of persons threatening the peace, security, or stability of Burma), Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea), or Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engag-ing in significant malicious cyber-enabled ac-tivities), to the extent that such Executive order— (i) authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct with respect to North Korea; (ii) prohibits transactions or activities involv-ing the Government of North Korea; or (iii) otherwise imposes sanctions with respect to North Korea; and (B) any Executive order adopted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the ex-tent that such Executive order— (i) authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct with respect to North Korea; (ii) prohibits transactions or activities involv-ing the Government of North Korea; or (iii) otherwise imposes sanctions with respect to North Korea. (2) A
PPLICABLE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY  
COUNCIL RESOLUTION .—The term ‘‘applicable United Nations Security Council resolution’’ means— (A) United Nations Security Council Resolu-tion 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), or 2094 (2013); and (B) any United Nations Security Council reso-lution adopted on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act that— (i) authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct with respect to North Korea; (ii) prohibits transactions or activities involv-ing the Government of North Korea; or (iii) otherwise imposes sanctions with respect to North Korea. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives. (4) D
ESIGNATED PERSON .—The term ‘‘des-ignated person’’ means a person designated under subsection (a) or (b) of section 104 for purposes of applying 1 or more of the sanctions described in title I or II with respect to the per-son. (5) G
OVERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘Government of North Korea’’ means the Gov-ernment of North Korea and its agencies, instru-mentalities, and controlled entities. (6) H
UMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘humanitarian assistance’’ means assistance to meet humanitarian needs, including needs for food, medicine, medical supplies, clothing, and shelter. (7) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘in-telligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). (8) L
UXURY GOODS .—The term ‘‘luxury goods’’— (A) has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 746.4(b)(1) of title 15, Code of Federal Regu-lations; and (B) includes the items listed in Supplement No. 1 to part 746 of such title, and any similar items. (9) M
ONETARY INSTRUMENTS .—The term ‘‘mon-etary instruments’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5312(a) of title 31, United States Code. (10) N
ORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘North Korea’’ means the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (11) N
ORTH KOREAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .— The term ‘‘North Korean financial institution’’ means any financial institution that— (A) is organized under the laws of North Korea or any jurisdiction within North Korea (including a foreign branch of such an institu-tion); (B) is located in North Korea, except for a fi-nancial institution that is excluded by the Presi-dent in accordance with section 208(c); (C) is owned or controlled by the Government of North Korea, regardless of location; or (D) is owned or controlled by a financial insti-tution described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C), regardless of location. (12) S
IGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING CY -
BERSECURITY .—The term ‘‘significant activities undermining cybersecurity’’ includes— (A) significant efforts to— (i) deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or de-stroy an information and communications tech-nology system or network; or (ii) exfiltrate information from such a system or network without authorization; (B) significant destructive malware attacks; (C) significant denial of service activities; and (D) such other significant activities described in regulations promulgated to implement section 104. (13) S
OUTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘South Korea’’ means the Republic of Korea. (14) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. TITLE I—INVESTIGATIONS, PROHIBITED CONDUCT, AND PENALTIES SEC. 101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
In order to achieve the peaceful disarmament of North Korea, Congress finds that it is nec-essary— (1) to encourage all member states of the United Nations to fully and promptly implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 2094 (2013); (2) to sanction the persons, including finan-cial institutions, that facilitate proliferation, il-licit activities, arms trafficking, cyberterrorism, imports of luxury goods, serious human rights abuses, cash smuggling, and censorship by the Government of North Korea; (3) to authorize the President to sanction per-sons who fail to exercise due diligence to ensure that such financial institutions and member states do not facilitate proliferation, arms traf-ficking, kleptocracy, or imports of luxury goods by the Government of North Korea; (4) to deny the Government of North Korea access to the funds it uses to develop or obtain nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles, cyberwarfare capabilities, and luxury goods instead of pro-viding for the needs of the people of North Korea; and (5) to enforce sanctions in a manner that does not significantly hinder or delay the efforts of legitimate United States or foreign humani-tarian organizations from providing assistance to meet the needs of civilians facing humani-tarian crisis, including access to food, health care, shelter, and clean drinking water, to pre-vent or alleviate human suffering. 
SEC. 102. INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) I NITIATION .—The President shall initiate an investigation into the possible designation of a person under section 104(a) upon receipt by the President of credible information indicating that such person has engaged in conduct de-scribed in section 104(a). (b) P
ERSONNEL .—The President may direct the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-ury, and the heads of other Federal departments and agencies as may be necessary to assign suf-ficient experienced and qualified investigators, attorneys, and technical personnel— (1) to investigate the conduct described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 104; and (2) to coordinate and ensure the effective en-forcement of this Act. 
SEC. 103. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) P RESIDENTIAL BRIEFINGS TO CONGRESS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the President shall provide a briefing to the ap-propriate congressional committees on efforts to implement this Act. (b) R
EPORT FROM SECRETARY OF STATE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall conduct, coordinate, and submit to Congress a comprehensive report on United States policy to-wards North Korea that— (1) is based on a full and complete interagency review of current policies and possible alter-natives, including with respect to North Korea’s weapons of mass destruction and missile pro-grams, human rights atrocities, and significant activities undermining cybersecurity; and (2) includes recommendations for such legisla-tive or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate based on the results of the review. 
SEC. 104. DESIGNATION OF PERSONS. 
(a) M ANDATORY DESIGNATIONS .—Except as provided in section 208, the President shall des-ignate under this subsection any person that the President determines— (1) knowingly, directly or indirectly, imports, exports, or reexports to, into, or from North Korea any goods, services, or technology con-trolled for export by the United States because of the use of such goods, services, or technology 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S763 February 10, 2016 
for weapons of mass destruction or delivery sys-tems for such weapons and materially contrib-utes to the use, development, production, posses-sion, or acquisition by any person of a nuclear, radiological, chemical, or biological weapon or any device or system designed in whole or in part to deliver such a weapon; (2) knowingly, directly or indirectly, provides training, advice, or other services or assistance, or engages in significant financial transactions, relating to the manufacture, maintenance, or use of any such weapon, device, or system to be imported, exported, or reexported to, into, or from North Korea; (3) knowingly, directly or indirectly, imports, exports, or reexports luxury goods to or into North Korea; (4) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates censorship by the Government of North Korea; (5) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea; (6) knowingly, directly or indirectly, engages in money laundering, the counterfeiting of goods or currency, bulk cash smuggling, or nar-cotics trafficking that supports the Government of North Korea or any senior official or person acting for or on behalf of that Government; (7) knowingly engages in significant activities undermining cybersecurity through the use of computer networks or systems against foreign persons, governments, or other entities on behalf of the Government of North Korea; (8) knowingly, directly or indirectly, sells, supplies, or transfers to or from the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government, a significant amount of precious metal, graphite, raw or semi-finished metals or aluminum, steel, coal, or software, for use by or in industrial processes directly related to weapons of mass destruction and delivery systems for such weapons, other proliferation activities, the Korean Workers’ Party, armed forces, internal security, or intelligence activi-ties, or the operation and maintenance of polit-ical prison camps or forced labor camps, includ-ing outside of North Korea; (9) knowingly, directly or indirectly, imports, exports, or reexports to, into, or from North Korea any arms or related materiel; or (10) knowingly attempts to engage in any of the conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (9). (b) A
DDITIONAL DISCRETIONARY DESIGNA -
TIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT DESCRIBED .—Except as provided in section 208, the President may designate under this subsection any person that the President determines— (A) knowingly engages in, contributes to, as-sists, sponsors, or provides financial, material or technological support for, or goods and services in support of, any person designated pursuant to an applicable United Nations Security Coun-cil resolution; (B) knowingly contributed to— (i) the bribery of an official of the Government of North Korea or any person acting for on be-half of that official; (ii) the misappropriation, theft, or embezzle-ment of public funds by, or for the benefit of, an official of the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that offi-cial; or (iii) the use of any proceeds of any activity described in clause (i) or (ii); or (C) knowingly and materially assisted, spon-sored, or provided significant financial, mate-rial, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—With respect to any person designated under this subsection, the President may— (A) apply the sanctions described in section 204, 205(c), or 206 to the person to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as if the person were designated under subsection (a); (B) apply any applicable special measures de-scribed in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code; (C) prohibit any transactions in foreign ex-change— (i) that are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; and (ii) in which such person has any interest; and (D) prohibit any transfers of credit or pay-ments between financial institutions or by, through, or to any financial institution, to the extent that such transfers or payments— (i) are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; and (ii) involve any interest of such person. (c) ASSET BLOCKING .—The President shall ex-ercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in property and interests in property of a des-ignated person, the Government of North Korea, or the Workers’ Party of Korea, if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (d) A
PPLICATION TO SUBSIDIARIES AND  A
GENTS .—The designation of a person under subsection (a) or (b) and the blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under subsection (c) shall apply with respect to a person who is determined to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to have acted for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to this section. (e) T
RANSACTION LICENSING .—The President shall deny or revoke any license for any trans-action that the President determines to lack suf-ficient financial controls to ensure that such transaction will not facilitate any activity de-scribed in subsection (a) or (b). (f) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to any person who violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of any prohibition of this section, or an order or regulation prescribed under this section, to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an un-lawful act described in section 206(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1705(a)). 
SEC. 105. FORFEITURE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO PROPERTY SUBJECT TO  F
ORFEITURE .—Section 981(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) Any property, real or personal, that is in-volved in a violation or attempted violation, or which constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to a prohibition imposed pursuant to section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF CIVILFOR-
FEITURE STATUTE .—Section 983(i)(2)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.), the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), or the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016; or’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF SPECIFIED  U
NLAWFUL ACTIVITY .—Section 1956(c)(7)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or section 92 of’’ and inserting ‘‘section 92 of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘, or section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions En-forcement Act of 2016 (relating to prohibited ac-tivities with respect to North Korea);’’. TITLE II—SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREAN PROLIFERATION, HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, AND ILLICIT ACTIVI-TIES SEC. 201. DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO NORTH KOREA AS A JURISDICTION OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, who is re-sponsible for safeguarding the financial system against illicit use, money laundering, terrorist financing, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and has repeatedly expressed concern about North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system— (A) in 2006— (i) stated, ‘‘Given [North Korea’s] counter-feiting of U.S. currency, narcotics trafficking and use of accounts world-wide to conduct pro-liferation-related transactions, the line between illicit and licit North Korean money is nearly in-visible.’’; and (ii) urged financial institutions worldwide to ‘‘think carefully about the risks of doing any North Korea-related business’’; (B) in 2011, stated that North Korea— (i) ‘‘remains intent on engaging in prolifera-tion, selling arms as well as bringing in mate-rial’’; and (ii) was ‘‘aggressively pursuing the effort to establish front companies.’’; and (C) in 2013, stated— (i) in reference to North Korea’s distribution of high-quality counterfeit United States cur-rency, that ‘‘North Korea is continuing to try to pass a supernote into the international finan-cial system’’; and (ii) the Department of the Treasury would soon introduce new currency with improved se-curity features to protect against counterfeiting by the Government of North Korea. (2) The Financial Action Task Force, an intergovernmental body whose purpose is to de-velop and promote national and international policies to combat money laundering and ter-rorist financing, has repeatedly— (A) expressed concern at deficiencies in North Korea’s regimes to combat money laundering and terrorist financing; (B) urged North Korea to adopt a plan of ac-tion to address significant deficiencies in those regimes and the serious threat those deficiencies pose to the integrity of the international finan-cial system; (C) urged all jurisdictions to apply counter-measures to protect the international financial system from ongoing and substantial money laundering and terrorist financing risks ema-nating from North Korea; (D) urged all jurisdictions to advise their fi-nancial institutions to give special attention to business relationships and transactions with North Korea, including North Korean compa-nies and financial institutions; and (E) called on all jurisdictions— (i) to protect against correspondent relation-ships being used to bypass or evade counter-measures and risk mitigation practices; and (ii) to take into account money laundering and terrorist financing risks when considering requests by North Korean financial institutions to open branches and subsidiaries in their re-spective jurisdictions. (3) On March 7, 2013, the United Nations Se-curity Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2094, which— (A) welcomed the Financial Action Task Force’s— (i) recommendation on financial sanctions re-lated to proliferation; and (ii) guidance on the implementation of such sanctions; (B) decided that United Nations member states should apply enhanced monitoring and other legal measures to prevent the provision of finan-cial services or the transfer of property that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES764 February 10, 2016 
could contribute to activities prohibited by ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolu-tions; and (C) called upon United Nations member states to prohibit North Korean financial institutions from establishing or maintaining correspondent relationships with financial institutions in their respective jurisdictions to prevent the provision of financial services if such member states have information that provides reasonable grounds to believe that such activities could contribute to— (i) activities prohibited by an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; or (ii) the evasion of such prohibitions. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE DES-
IGNATION OF NORTH KOREA AS A JURISDICTION  
OFPRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN .— Congress— (1) acknowledges the efforts of the United Na-tions Security Council to impose limitations on, and to require the enhanced monitoring of, transactions involving North Korean financial institutions that could contribute to sanctioned activities; (2) urges the President, in the strongest terms— (A) to immediately designate North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering con-cern; and (B) to adopt stringent special measures to safeguard the financial system against the risks posed by North Korea’s willful evasion of sanc-tions and its illicit activities; and (3) urges the President to seek the prompt im-plementation by other countries of enhanced monitoring and due diligence to prevent North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system, including by sharing information about activities, transactions, and property that could contribute to— (A) activities sanctioned by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; or (B) the evasion of such sanctions. (c) D
ETERMINATIONS REGARDING NORTH  K
OREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, and in accordance with section 5318A of title 31, United States Code, shall determine whether reasonable grounds exist for concluding that North Korea is a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. (2) E
NHANCED DUE DILIGENCE AND REPORTING  
REQUIREMENTS .—If the Secretary of the Treas-ury determines under paragraph (1) that rea-sonable grounds exist for concluding that North Korea is a jurisdiction of primary money laun-dering concern, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal functional regulators (as de-fined in section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809)), shall impose 1 or more of the special measures described in section 5318A(b) of title 31, United States Code, with re-spect to the jurisdiction of North Korea. (3) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Treasury makes a determination under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that contains the reasons for such determination. (B) F
ORM.—The report submitted under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 202. ENSURING THE CONSISTENT ENFORCE-MENT OF UNITED NATIONS SECU-RITY COUNCIL RESOLUTIONS AND FINANCIAL RESTRICTIONS ON NORTH KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) All member states of the United Nations are obligated to implement and enforce applica-ble United Nations Security Council resolutions fully and promptly, including by blocking the property of, and ensuring that any property is prevented from being made available to, persons designated for the blocking of property by the Security Council under applicable United Na-tions Security Council resolutions. (2) As of May 2015, 158 of the 193 member states of the United Nations had not submitted reports on measures taken to implement North Korea-specific United Nations Security Council resolutions 1718, 1874, and 2094. (3) A recent report by the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO–15–485)— (A) finds that officials of the United States and representatives of the United Nations Panel of Experts established pursuant to United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 1874 (2009), which monitors and facilitates implementation of United Nations sanctions on North Korea, ‘‘agree that the lack of detailed reports from all member states is an impediment to the UN’s ef-fective implementation of its sanctions’’; and (B) notes that ‘‘many member states lack the technical capacity to enforce sanctions and pre-pare reports’’ on the implementation of United Nations sanctions on North Korea. (4) All member states share a common interest in protecting the international financial system from the risks of money laundering and illicit transactions emanating from North Korea. (5) The United States dollar and the euro are the world’s principal reserve currencies, and the United States and the European Union are pri-marily responsible for the protection of the international financial system from the risks de-scribed in paragraph (4). (6) The cooperation of the People’s Republic of China, as North Korea’s principal trading partner, is essential to— (A) the enforcement of applicable United Na-tions Security Council resolutions; and (B) the protection of the international finan-cial system. (7) The report of the Panel of Experts ex-pressed concern about the ability of banks to de-tect and prevent illicit transfers involving North Korea if such banks are located in member states with less effective regulators or member states that are unable to afford effective compli-ance. (8) North Korea has historically exploited in-consistencies between jurisdictions in the inter-pretation and enforcement of financial regula-tions and applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions to circumvent sanctions and launder the proceeds of illicit activities. (9) Amroggang Development Bank, Bank of East Land, and Tanchon Commercial Bank have been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, the United Nations Security Council, and the European Union as having materially contributed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. (10) Korea Daesong Bank and Korea Kwangson Banking Corporation have been des-ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury and the European Union as having materially con-tributed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. (11) The Foreign Trade Bank of North Korea has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury for facilitating transactions on behalf of persons linked to its proliferation network and for serving as ‘‘a key financial node’’. (12) Daedong Credit Bank has been des-ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury for ac-tivities prohibited by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions, including the use of deceptive financial practices to facilitate transactions on behalf of persons linked to North Korea’s proliferation network. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should intensify diplomatic efforts in appropriate international fora, such as the United Nations, and bilat-erally, to develop and implement a coordinated, consistent, multilateral strategy for protecting the global financial system against risks ema-nating from North Korea, including— (1) the cessation of any financial services the continuation of which is inconsistent with ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolu-tions; (2) the cessation of any financial services to persons, including financial institutions, that present unacceptable risks of facilitating money laundering and illicit activity by the Govern-ment of North Korea; (3) the blocking by all member states, in ac-cordance with the legal process of the state in which the property is held, of any property re-quired to be blocked under applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; (4) the blocking of any property derived from illicit activity, or from the misappropriation, theft, or embezzlement of public funds by, or for the benefit of, officials of the Government of North Korea; (5) the blocking of any property involved in significant activities undermining cybersecurity by the Government of North Korea, directly or indirectly, against United States persons, or the theft of intellectual property by the Government of North Korea, directly or indirectly from United States persons; and (6) the blocking of any property of persons di-rectly or indirectly involved in censorship or human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea. (c) STRATEGY TO IMPROVE INTERNATIONAL IM-
PLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF UNITED  N
ATIONS NORTH KOREA -SPECIFIC SANCTIONS .— The President shall direct the Secretary of State, in coordination with other Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate, to de-velop a strategy to improve international imple-mentation and enforcement of United Nations North Korea-specific sanctions. The strategy should include elements— (1) to increase the number of countries submit-ting reports to the United Nations Panel of Ex-perts established pursuant to United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 1874 (2009), including developing a list of targeted countries where ef-fective implementation and enforcement of United Nations sanctions would reduce the threat from North Korea; (2) to encourage member states of the United Nations to cooperate and share information with the panel in order to help facilitate inves-tigations; (3) to expand cooperation with the Panel of Experts; (4) to provide technical assistance to member states to implement United Nations sanctions, including developing the capacity to enforce sanctions through improved export control regu-lations, border security, and customs systems; (5) to harness existing United States Govern-ment initiatives and assistance programs, as ap-propriate, to improve sanctions implementation and enforcement; and (6) to increase outreach to the people of North Korea, and to support the engagement of inde-pendent, non-governmental journalistic, hu-manitarian, and other institutions in North Korea. (d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes the actions undertaken to implement the strategy required by subsection (c). 
SEC. 203. PROLIFERATION PREVENTION SANC-TIONS. 
(a) E XPORT OF CERTAIN GOODS OR TECH-
NOLOGY .—A validated license shall be required for the export to North Korea of any goods or technology otherwise covered under section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)). No defense exports may be ap-proved for the Government of North Korea. (b) T
RANSACTIONS IN LETHAL MILITARY EQUIP-
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall withhold assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to the government of any country that provides lethal military equip-ment to the Government of North Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S765 February 10, 2016 
(2) A PPLICABILITY .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) with respect to a government shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the prohibition under para-graph (1) is applied to that government. (c) W
AIVER .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Secretary of State may waive the prohibitions under this section with respect to a country if the Secretary— (1) determines that such waiver is in the na-tional interest of the United States; and (2) submits a written report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes— (A) the steps that the relevant agencies are taking to curtail the trade described in sub-section (b)(1); and (B) why such waiver is in the national inter-est of the United States. (d) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under this section shall not apply to the provision of assist-ance for human rights, democracy, rule of law, or emergency humanitarian purposes. 
SEC. 204. PROCUREMENT SANCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the head of an executive agency may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from any person designated under section 104(a). (b) F
EDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Acquisition Regulation issued pursuant to section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, shall be revised to require that each person that is a prospective contractor submit a certification that such per-son does not engage in any activity described in section 104(a). (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The revision required under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to contracts for which solicitations are issued on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EMEDIES .— (1) I
NCLUSION ON LIST .—The Administrator of General Services shall include, on the List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Nonprocurement Programs maintained by the Administrator under part 9 of the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation, each person that is debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment or suspension by the head of an executive agen-cy on the basis of a determination of a false cer-tification under subsection (b). (2) C
ONTRACT TERMINATION ; SUSPENSION .—If the head of an executive agency determines that a person has submitted a false certification under subsection (b) after the date on which the Federal Acquisition Regulation is revised to im-plement the requirements of this section, the head of such executive agency shall— (A) terminate any contract with such person; and (B) debar or suspend such person from eligi-bility for Federal contracts for a period of not longer than 2 years. (3) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES .—Any debarment or suspension under paragraph (2)(B) shall be subject to the procedures that apply to debar-ment and suspension under subpart 9.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (d) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING CERTAIN PROD-
UCTS.—The remedies specified in subsection (c) shall not apply with respect to the procurement of any eligible product (as defined in section 308(4) of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2518(4)) of any foreign country or instru-mentality designated under section 301(b) of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2511(b)). (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the use of other remedies available to the head of an exec-utive agency or any other official of the Federal Government on the basis of a determination of a false certification under subsection (b). (f) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 205. ENHANCED INSPECTION AUTHORITIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that identifies foreign ports and airports at which inspections of ships, aircraft, and conveyances originating in North Korea, carrying North Korean property, or operated by the Government of North Korea are not suffi-cient to effectively prevent the facilitation of any of the activities described in section 104(a). (b) E
NHANCED CUSTOMS INSPECTION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may require enhanced inspections of any goods entering the United States that have been trans-ported through a port or airport identified by the President under subsection (a). (c) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—A vessel, air-craft, or conveyance used to facilitate any of the activities described in section 104(a) under the jurisdiction of the United States may be seized and forfeited under— (1) chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code; or (2) title V of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). 
SEC. 206. TRAVEL SANCTIONS. 
The Secretary of State may deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security may deny entry into the United States of, any alien who is— (1) a designated person; (2) a corporate officer of a designated person; or (3) a principal shareholder with a controlling interest in a designated person. 
SEC. 207. TRAVEL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS TO NORTH KOREA. 
The Secretary of State shall expand the scope and frequency of issuance of travel warnings for all United States citizens to North Korea. The expanded travel warnings, which should be issued or updated not less frequently than every 90 days, should include— (1) publicly released or credible open source information regarding the detention of United States citizens by North Korean authorities, in-cluding available information on circumstances of arrest and detention, duration, legal pro-ceedings, and conditions under which a United States citizen has been, or continues to be, de-tained by North Korean authorities, including present-day cases and cases occurring during the 10-year period ending on the date of the en-actment of this Act; (2) publicly released or credible open source information on the past and present detention and abduction or alleged abduction of citizens of the United States, South Korea, or Japan by North Korean authorities; (3) unclassified information about the nature of the North Korean regime, as described in con-gressionally mandated reports and annual re-ports issued by the Department of State and the United Nations, including information about North Korea’s weapons of mass destruction pro-grams, illicit activities, international sanctions violations, and human rights situation; and (4) any other information that the Secretary deems useful to provide United States citizens with a comprehensive picture of the nature of the North Korean regime. 
SEC. 208. EXEMPTIONS, WAIVERS, AND REMOVALS OF DESIGNATION. 
(a) E XEMPTIONS .—The following activities shall be exempt from sanctions under sections 104, 206, 209, and 304: (1) Activities subject to the reporting require-ments under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.), or to any author-ized intelligence activities of the United States. (2) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, or under the Convention on Consular Re-lations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and en-tered into force March 19, 1967, or under other international agreements. (3) Any activities incidental to the POW/MIA accounting mission in North Korea, including activities by the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency and other governmental or nongovern-mental organizations tasked with identifying or recovering the remains of members of the United States Armed Forces in North Korea. (b) HUMANITARIAN WAIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive, for renewable periods of between 30 days and 1 year, the application of the sanctions author-ized under section 104, 204, 205, 206, 209(b), or 304(b) if the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a written deter-mination that the waiver is necessary for hu-manitarian assistance or to carry out the hu-manitarian purposes set forth section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802). (2) C
ONTENT OF WRITTEN DETERMINATION .—A written determination submitted under para-graph (1) with respect to a waiver shall include a description of all notification and account-ability controls that have been employed in order to ensure that the activities covered by the waiver are humanitarian assistance or are car-ried out for the purposes set forth in section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802) and do not entail any activities in North Korea or dealings with the Government of North Korea not reasonably related to humani-tarian assistance or such purposes. (3) C
LARIFICATION OF PERMITTED ACTIVITIES  
UNDER WAIVER .—An internationally recognized humanitarian organization shall not be subject to sanctions under section 104, 204, 205, 206, 209(b), or 304(b) for— (A) engaging in a financial transaction relat-ing to humanitarian assistance or for humani-tarian purposes pursuant to a waiver issued under paragraph (1); (B) transporting goods or services that are necessary to carry out operations relating to hu-manitarian assistance or humanitarian purposes pursuant to such a waiver; or (C) having merely incidental contact, in the course of providing humanitarian assistance or aid for humanitarian purposes pursuant to such a waiver, with individuals who are under the control of a foreign person subject to sanctions under this Act. (c) W
AIVER .—The President may waive, on a case-by-case basis, for renewable periods of be-tween 30 days and 1 year, the application of the sanctions authorized under section 104, 201(c)(2), 204, 205, 206, 209(b), or 304(b) if the President submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees a written determination that the waiver— (1) is important to the national security inter-ests of the United States; or (2) will further the enforcement of this Act or is for an important law enforcement purpose. (d) F
INANCIAL SERVICES FOR HUMANITARIAN  
ANDCONSULAR ACTIVITIES .—The President may promulgate such regulations, rules, and policies as may be necessary to facilitate the provision of financial services by a foreign financial institu-tion that is not a North Korean financial insti-tution in support of activities conducted pursu-ant to an exemption or waiver under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 209. REPORT ON AND IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS TO ADDRESS PERSONS RE-SPONSIBLE FOR KNOWINGLY ENGAG-ING IN SIGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UN-DERMINING CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes significant activities under-mining cybersecurity aimed against the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES766 February 10, 2016 
States Government or any United States person and conducted by the Government of North Korea, or a person owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government. (2) I
NFORMATION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the identity and nationality of persons that have knowingly engaged in, directed, or provided material support to conduct significant activities undermining cybersecurity described in paragraph (1); (B) a description of the conduct engaged in by each person identified; (C) an assessment of the extent to which a for-eign government has provided material support to the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government to conduct significant activities undermining cy-bersecurity; and (D) a United States strategy to counter North Korea’s efforts to conduct significant activities undermining cybersecurity against the United States, that includes efforts to engage foreign governments to halt the capability of the Gov-ernment of North Korea and persons acting for or on behalf of that Government to conduct sig-nificant activities undermining cybersecurity. (3) S
UBMISSION AND FORM .— (A) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF PERSONS .—The President shall designate under section 104(a) any person identified in the report required under sub-section (a)(1) that knowingly engages in signifi-cant activities undermining cybersecurity through the use of computer networks or sys-tems against foreign persons, governments, or other entities on behalf of the Government of North Korea. 
SEC. 210. CODIFICATION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO NORTH KOREAN ACTIVI-TIES UNDERMINING CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—United States sanctions with respect to activities of the Government of North Korea, persons acting for or on behalf of that Government, or persons located in North Korea that undermine cybersecurity provided for in Executive Order 13687 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to imposing additional sanctions with respect to North Korea) or Executive Order 13694 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of certain persons engaging in sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities), as such Executive Orders are in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall remain in effect until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President sub-mits to Congress a certification that the Govern-ment of North Korea, persons acting for or on behalf of that Government, and persons owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Gov-ernment or persons acting for or on behalf of that Government, are no longer engaged in the illicit activities described in such Executive Or-ders, including actions in violation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013). (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 211. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TRILATERAL COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES, SOUTH KOREA, AND JAPAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that the President— (1) should seek to strengthen high-level tri-lateral mechanisms for discussion and coordina-tion of policy toward North Korea between the Government of the United States, the Govern-ment of South Korea, and the Government of Japan; (2) should ensure that the mechanisms specifi-cally address North Korea’s nuclear, ballistic, and conventional weapons programs, its human rights record, and cybersecurity threats posed by North Korea; (3) should ensure that representatives of the United States, South Korea, and Japan meet on a regular basis and include representatives of the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Defense, the United States intelligence community, and rep-resentatives of counterpart agencies in South Korea and Japan; and (4) should continue to brief the relevant con-gressional committees regularly on the status of such discussions. (b) RELEVANT COMMITTEES .—The relevant committees referred to in subsection (a)(4) shall include— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE III—PROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 104 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2015, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a classified report that sets forth a detailed plan for making unrestricted, unmonitored, and inexpensive electronic mass communications available to the people of North Korea.’’. 
SEC. 302. STRATEGY TO PROMOTE NORTH KO-REAN HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with other appropriate Federal departments and agencies, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that details a United States strategy to promote initiatives to enhance international awareness of and to address the human rights situation in North Korea. (b) I
NFORMATION .—The report required under subsection (a) should include— (1) a list of countries that forcibly repatriate refugees from North Korea; and (2) a list of countries where North Korean la-borers work, including countries the govern-ments of which have formal arrangements with the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government to employ North Korean workers. (c) S
TRATEGY .—The report required under subsection (a) should include— (1) a plan to enhance bilateral and multilat-eral outreach, including sustained engagement with the governments of partners and allies with overseas posts to routinely demarche or brief those governments on North Korea human rights issues, including forced labor, trafficking, and repatriation of citizens of North Korea; (2) public affairs and public diplomacy cam-paigns, including options to work with news or-ganizations and media outlets to publish opin-ion pieces and secure public speaking opportu-nities for United States Government officials on issues related to the human rights situation in North Korea, including forced labor, trafficking, and repatriation of citizens of North Korea; and (3) opportunities to coordinate and collaborate with appropriate nongovernmental organiza-tions and private sector entities to raise aware-ness and provide assistance to North Korean de-fectors throughout the world. SEC. 303. REPORT ON NORTH KOREAN PRISON CAMPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that describes, with respect to each political prison camp in North Korea, to the ex-tent information is available— (1) the camp’s estimated prisoner population; (2) the camp’s geographical coordinates; (3) the reasons for the confinement of the pris-oners; (4) the camp’s primary industries and prod-ucts, and the end users of any goods produced in the camp; (5) the individuals and agencies responsible for conditions in the camp; (6) the conditions under which prisoners are confined, with respect to the adequacy of food, shelter, medical care, working conditions, and reports of ill-treatment of prisoners; and (7) imagery, to include satellite imagery of the camp, in a format that, if published, would not compromise the sources and methods used by the United States intelligence community to capture geospatial imagery. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) may be included in the first human rights report required to be submitted to Con-gress after the date of the enactment of this Act under sections 116(d) and 502B(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d) and 2304(b)). 
SEC. 304. REPORT ON AND IMPOSITION OF SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES OR CENSOR-SHIP IN NORTH KOREA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report that— (A) identifies each person the Secretary deter-mines to be responsible for serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea and de-scribes the conduct of that person; and (B) describes serious human rights abuses or censorship undertaken by the Government of North Korea or any person acting for or on be-half of that Government in the most recent year ending before the submission of the report. (2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In preparing the report required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall— (A) give due consideration to the findings of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea; and (B) make specific findings with respect to the responsibility of Kim Jong Un, and of each indi-vidual who is a member of the National Defense Commission of North Korea or the Organization and Guidance Department of the Workers’ Party of Korea, for serious human rights abuses and censorship. (3) S
UBMISSION AND FORM .— (A) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed 3 years, and shall be included in each human rights report required under sec-tions 116(d) and 502B(b) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d) and 2304(b)). (B) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary of State shall publish the unclassified part of the report required under paragraph (1) on the website of the Department of State. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF PERSONS .—The President shall designate under section 104(a) any person listed in the report required under subsection (a)(1) that— (1) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates censorship by the Government of North Korea; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S767 February 10, 2016 
(2) knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should— (1) seek the prompt adoption by the United Nations Security Council of a resolution calling for the blocking of the assets of all persons re-sponsible for severe human rights abuses or cen-sorship in North Korea; and (2) fully cooperate with the prosecution of any individual listed in the report required under subsection (a)(1) before any international tri-bunal that may be established to prosecute per-sons responsible for severe human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea. TITLE IV—GENERAL AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 401. SUSPENSION OF SANCTIONS AND OTHER MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any sanction or other meas-ure required under title I, II, or III (or any amendment made by such titles) may be sus-pended for up to 1 year upon certification by the President to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of North Korea has made progress toward— (1) verifiably ceasing its counterfeiting of United States currency, including the surrender or destruction of specialized materials and equipment used or particularly suitable for counterfeiting; (2) taking steps toward financial transparency to comply with generally accepted protocols to cease and prevent the laundering of monetary instruments; (3) taking steps toward verification of its com-pliance with applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; (4) taking steps toward accounting for and re-patriating the citizens of other countries— (A) abducted or unlawfully held captive by the Government of North Korea; or (B) detained in violation of the Agreement Concerning a Military Armistice in Korea, signed at Panmunjom July 27, 1953 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Korean War Armistice Agree-ment’’); (5) accepting and beginning to abide by inter-nationally recognized standards for the distribu-tion and monitoring of humanitarian aid; and (6) taking verified steps to improve living con-ditions in its political prison camps. (b) R
ENEWAL OF SUSPENSION .—The suspension described in subsection (a) may be renewed for additional, consecutive 180-day periods after the President certifies to the appropriate congres-sional committees that the Government of North Korea has continued to comply with the condi-tions described in subsection (a) during the pre-vious year. 
SEC. 402. TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS AND OTHER MEASURES. 
Any sanction or other measure required under title I, II, or III (or any amendment made by such titles) shall terminate on the date on which the President determines and certifies to the ap-propriate congressional committees that the Government of North Korea has— (1) met the requirements set forth in section 401; and (2) made significant progress toward— (A) completely, verifiably, and irreversibly dis-mantling all of its nuclear, chemical, biological, and radiological weapons programs, including all programs for the development of systems de-signed in whole or in part for the delivery of such weapons; (B) releasing all political prisoners, including the citizens of North Korea detained in North Korea’s political prison camps; (C) ceasing its censorship of peaceful political activity; (D) establishing an open, transparent, and representative society; and (E) fully accounting for and repatriating United States citizens (including deceased United States citizens)— (i) abducted or unlawfully held captive by the Government of North Korea; or (ii) detained in violation of the Agreement Concerning a Military Armistice in Korea, signed at Panmunjom July 27, 1953 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Korean War Armistice Agree-ment’’). SEC. 403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021— (1) $3,000,000 to carry out section 103 of the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7813); (2) $3,000,000 to carry out subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 104 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 7814); (3) $2,000,000 to carry out subsection (d) of such section 104, as add by section 301 of this Act; and (4) $2,000,000 to carry out section 203 of the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7833). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Amounts appro-priated for each fiscal year pursuant to sub-section (a) shall remain available until ex-pended. 
SEC. 404. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is authorized to promulgate such rules and regulations as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act (which may include regulatory excep-tions), including under section 205 of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1704). (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or in any amendment made by this Act, may be construed to limit the authority of the President to designate or sanction persons pur-suant to an applicable Executive order or other-wise pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 405. AUTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE RE-PORTS. 
Any and all reports required to be submitted to appropriate congressional committees under this Act or any amendment made by this Act that are subject to a deadline for submission consisting of the same unit of time may be con-solidated into a single report that is submitted to appropriate congressional committees pursuant to such deadline. The consolidated reports must contain all information required under this Act or any amendment made by this Act, in addition to all other elements mandated by previous law. 
SEC. 406. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be up to 7 hours of debate equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I start by thanking the leader for bringing to the floor today the bipartisan North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act. This legislation passed unanimously out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to address a critical na-tional security issue—the nuclear and ballistic missile threat from North Korea. We know all too well that the past two decades of North Korean policy, in-cluding both Republican and Demo-cratic administrations, have been an abject failure. While there is no silver bullet solution, it is clear that Con-gress must play a proactive role in pro-viding a more robust policy tool to the executive branch to confront this threat. There has been a lot of attention on North Korea in the weeks following North Korea’s fourth nuclear test, but Senators CORY GARDNER and B OB M
ENENDEZ demonstrated leadership on North Korea long before recent events, and I thank them personally—Senator G
ARDNER chairing the subcommittee that looks after policy relative to North Korea and Senator M
ENENDEZ  coming together with a robust piece of legislation. I thank Senator G
ARDNER  for his leadership. He is new to the committee but certainly not new to ad-dressing problems our Nation faces, and I thank him for that. I thank them for their efforts over many months to focus attention on the threat posed by North Korea and to work with Senator C
ARDIN and myself to develop a bipar-tisan Senate bill. I want to single out Senator C
ARDIN  and his staff for the collaborative and constructive manner in which they worked with my team on this impor-tant bipartisan piece of legislation. Senators S
HAHEEN and M ARKEY also made important contributions as well. Senator C
ARDIN just arrived late, but I want the Senator to know I was just boasting about his tremendous efforts. If he would please know that has oc-curred. This was truly an all-hands-on-deck bipartisan committee effort to ensure a piece of legislation that the Senate, the Congress, and the country can be proud of. Over the past decade, the Senate For-eign Relations Committee has con-vened every couple of years at the full committee level to assess the state of U.S. policy toward North Korea. There has been surprisingly little variation in their overall descriptions of the danger and recommended policy prescriptions. Former U.S. officials have all charac-terized North Korea’s nuclear and bal-listic missile activities as posing seri-ous and unacceptable risk to U.S. na-tional interests. These same officials also all stressed the importance of standing with our close regional allies, South Korea and Japan, in the face of destabilizing North Korean provo-cations. In addition, they all cited the necessity of cooperating with the inter-national community to deter further North Korean provocations and prevent the spread of sensitive technologies to and from North Korea. They all noted the importance of enforcing U.N. Secu-rity Council sanctions on North Korea, specifically the need for China to exer-cise greater influence over Pyongyang. Let me say this. I am personally very disappointed at the way the U.N. Secu-rity Council is functioning—whether it is Iran, where we had two ballistic mis-sile tests and yet nothing has been done at the U.N. Security Council level. Most recently, China sent a dele-gation to meet with North Korea right before this last test in order to try to influence them, and the country of China was embarrassed by the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES768 February 10, 2016 
North Korea went ahead with this bal-listic test. Yet, in spite of that embar-rassment, in spite of the fact it is their neighbor on their border that is con-ducting these provocations, they still have not agreed to U.N. Security Coun-cil resolutions to put into place sanc-tions against North Korea. That is very disappointing. In the recent years, U.S. officials have spoken increasingly of the deplor-able human rights situation in North Korea, including highlighting North Korea’s notorious prison camps. Of course, there have been some dif-ferences in approaches toward North Korea over the years, particularly with respect to the tactics of engaging North Korea and the appropriate bal-ance of carrots and sticks. Yet it is ap-parent that the past several decades of U.S. policy are not working. North Korea continues to advance their nu-clear and ballistic missile capabilities unchecked. They have orchestrated malicious cyber attacks that threaten our allies as well as our own national security. Meanwhile, the North Korean people remain impoverished and sub-ject to brutal treatment at the hands of the Kim regime. I appreciate the complexity of risks posed by North Korea and our limited options. However, there is certainly more we can and should be doing in ad-dressing this issue. Our bill sets prece-dent and puts in place strong manda-tory sanctions and establishes for the first time a statutory framework for sanctions in response to North Korean cyber threats. The President will be re-quired to investigate a wide range of sanctionable conduct, including pro-liferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion, arms-related materials, luxury goods which affect the elite in that country, human rights abuses, activi-ties undermining cyber security, and provision of industrial inputs such as precious metals or coal for use in a tai-lored set of activities, including WMD, proliferation activities, and prison and labor camps. Penalties include the sei-zure of assets, visa bans, and denial of government contracts. I am also pleased this bill goes be-yond just these sanctions—which, by the way, are very strong—and I want to underline the word ‘‘mandatory.’’ It es-tablishes a more robust policy frame-work, including tools to improve en-forcement, and shines a brighter spot-light on North Korea’s abhorrent human rights record, such as their forced labor practices. The bill requires a strategy to promote improved imple-mentation and enforcement of multi-lateral sanctions, a strategy to combat North Korean cyber activities, and a strategy to promote and encourage international engagement on North Korean human rights issues. There are reporting requirements related to these strategies as well as a report on polit-ical prison camps and a feasibility study on providing communications equipment to the people of North Korea. After the careful work over many months by a bipartisan coalition in Congress, we have a piece of legislation that I believe will begin to allow our country, working with our allies, to begin seizing the initiative in con-straining North Korea’s ability to threaten its neighbors and the world with nuclear weapons while also con-tinuing to focus world attention on the plight of the North Korean people. I look forward to hearing the per-spectives of my colleagues on the sig-nificance of this legislation that I ex-pect will receive wide bipartisan sup-port and eventually become law. Mr. President, I yield the floor to my distinguished friend and the ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me first start by thanking Chairman C
ORKER . The Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee has a proud tradition of work-ing on national security and foreign policy issues in the best interest of our country and putting partisan dif-ferences aside so we can speak with a strong voice. Chairman C
ORKER has carried out that tradition and has ele-vated it to a level that I think has been not only in the best interest of the Senate but the best interests of our country. That is particularly true in the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016. So I thank him for the manner in which he brought different views together. We all had the same objectives, but as the Presiding Officer knows, when dealing with 100 Members of the Senate and the 19 Members of our committee, we each have different views, and to try to har-monize that so we can get legislation done in a timely way takes a great deal of talent and patience. Senator C
ORKER  has both talent and patience, and I thank him very much for the way he led our committee to bring a bill to the floor of the Senate that I think will get overwhelming support, will become law, and will advance U.S. national se-curity interests. I have my two chairmen here. Sen-ator G
ARDNER is the chairman of the East Asia and Pacific Subcommittee in the Foreign Relations Committee. He understood the importance of North Korea, its nuclear weapon program, its weaponization program, and the im-pact it has globally. That is for sure, but East Asia is a particular concern, and Senator G
ARDNER understood that, working with our allies in East Asia to develop the right U.S. leadership so we will have an international coalition isolating North Korea because of its conduct. So I thank Senator G
ARDNER  for introducing the original bill in the Senate and working with Senator M
ENENDEZ particularly—who intro-duced it on our side—to bring together legislation that is a proper role for Congress. I want to underscore that. This legis-lation represents what Congress needs to do. We are the policymakers of America. We pass the laws. Then the executive branch, which is critically important to foreign policy—don’t get me wrong—but we enable the tools to be able to carry out this foreign policy. What this legislation shows is Congress speaks with a very clear voice, that we will not tolerate North Korea’s pro-liferation of weaponry, its intimidation of its neighbors, its human rights vio-lations, and that we will use the strongest possible measures to ensure that we contain that type of nefarious conduct. Quite frankly, the legislation we have before us is similar to the ap-proach we took with Iran and the con-gressionally mandated sanctions we had on Iran that made it clear we were going to isolate Iran until they changed course on their nuclear weap-ons program. What this legislation does is take the product that came over from the House of Representa-tives—it was a good bill that came over from the House of Representatives, but we strengthened it. We made it more effective through the input of the members of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee. So it is a strong mes-sage—unified, bipartisan, working with the administration to produce a strong policy. North Korea’s foreign policy chal-lenges are known by all. It has been known by every American President since the start of the Korean war. They have tested four nuclear weapons and they tested a long-range ballistic mis-sile in defiance of numerous inter-national obligations. U.S. leadership is absolutely critical in standing up to North Korea’s activi-ties. We must isolate North Korea to prevent it from getting international help to further its illegal weapons pro-gram. That is the basic point of sanc-tions. We want to prevent commercial interests anywhere in the world from trying to help North Korea get the type of weapons, equipment, and re-sources it needs in order to further its illegal weapon program. The United States must lead in effective diplo-macy to provide incentives and dis-incentives toward North Korea’s con-duct. We need to form strong alliances and partnerships in the region. We have to work in close coordination with our allies, and quite frankly our goal is a peaceful and reunified penin-sula. We think that is in the best inter-est of all the Korean people. Over the last two decades, the North Korean regime has moved steadily for-ward in their nuclear weapons develop-ment program and in the production of nuclear material. They have continued to develop this ballistic missile pro-gram, they possess hundreds of short- and medium-range missiles, and they are seeking ICBM capabilities. They have active uranium and plutonium programs that pose a proliferation threat. They have tried in the past to help Syria build a nuclear reactor and have been a source of nuclear material 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.009 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S769 February 10, 2016 
missile technology to rogue states, in-cluding terrorists. It is not just about one country-state. It is about what they are doing in helping other coun-tries that support terrorism and ter-rorist groups itself. It is critically im-portant we act. North Korea represents a grave and growing threat to the United States, the region, and the international com-munity. To respond to North Korea’s continued belligerence, the legislation we have before us includes mandatory sanctions—and the chairman men-tioned that these are mandatory sanc-tions—directed against specific entities that violate U.S. law and United Na-tions Security Council resolutions, in-cluding proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, arms-related mate-rials, human rights violations—and we will get to that because it is an impor-tant part of this legislation—and ac-tivities that undermine cyber security. Our legislation targets for investiga-tion those who support these activities by providing the regime with industrial inputs, such as coal that provides eco-nomic support for North Korea’s illicit activities or luxury goods that allow the regime to continue to exercise its control. We are going after the source of their financing of their illegal weapons pro-gram. It is not always the direct equip-ment that goes into building the weap-ons; in many cases, it is the mineral wealth of the country that they are using in order to finance that. This leg-islation targets those sectors. The President is mandated to sanction any person who has contributed to or en-gaged in or helped to facilitate these actions. Even isolated regimes like North Korea are nonetheless tied to the glob-al financial order in ways that provide the international community with le-verage to seek changes in North Ko-rea’s behavior. This legislation also codifies existing cyber security sanctions in response to North Korea’s increasing capability and provocations in the cyber domain, including the attack on Sony. This is an important step in building and en-forcing international norms when it comes to cyber space. One of the areas that we have strengthened in the House bill is to make it clear that our concerns about North Korea go well be-yond their nuclear weapons tests but also to their cyber attack activities. The vast majority of North Koreans endure systematic violations of their most basic human rights. Chairman C
ORKER talked about this. Many of these violations constitute crimes against humanity. It is a fact that is well-documented by the United Nations Commission of Inquiry. Widespread malnutrition, torture, and fear have made North Korea one of the most egregious human rights violators, un-paralleled in the contemporary world. They are the worst. These crimes by the North Korean re-gime should shock the conscience of humanity. Building on the important work of the U.N. Commission of In-quiry, the United Nations Human Rights Commission and General As-sembly adopted by overwhelming mar-gins resolutions calling for account-ability for North Korea’s human rights abuses. Just last year, the United Na-tions Security Council took up the DPRK’s grave human rights injustices on their standing agenda for the very first time. These multilateral resolu-tions need to be backed up by appro-priate action, and that is exactly what we are doing. It is well past time to hold North Korea responsible for its human rights violations, and this legislation does just that. In response, this legislation imposes sanctions not just for North Korea’s nuclear programs and contin-ued provocative behavior but for the severe human rights abuses committed in North Korea as well. This is new and necessary policy ground for the United States with regard to North Korea. Although tough sanctions have worked on North Korea when applied in the past—and I think it is important to point out that sanctions do work. In 2005 the United States designated Banco Delta Asia, BDA, as a money laundering concern for facilitating North Korean illicit activities and banned all U.S. financial institutions from dealing with that bank. It worked. It had a major impact on North Korea. The problem is, that was 2005 and we let up. We didn’t keep the pressure on. This legislation will cor-rect that oversight and remedy the rea-sons why these sanctions are not effec-tive today. This legislation acknowledges that sanctions and diplomacy are the most effective way when integrated into a comprehensive strategy that engages all of our instruments of national pol-icy. The North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 in-cludes instruments to improve the en-forcement of multilateral sanctions, an overall strategy to combat North Ko-rea’s cyber activities, and other efforts to address human rights abuses. The legislation also protects important hu-manitarian assistance programs. This is another point I want to un-derscore: We have no problem with the people of North Korea. It is the govern-ment. It is the government that is not only threatening its neighbors, it has damaged, threatened, and killed its own people. This legislation makes it clear that we will continue to try to get humanitarian assistance to the people of North Korea. Finally, effectively enforcing sanc-tions against North Korea is not some-thing the United States can do alone. It requires our allies, our partners, and the rest of the international commu-nity to join us in this effort. This legis-lation seeks to create the policy envi-ronment that makes such a multilat-eral effort at the United Nations Secu-rity Council possible. The onus is now on China. Chairman C
ORKER is actually right in what he said. China is as much a threat as any country in the world as a result of North Korea’s activities. China can make a huge difference in isolating North Korea and changing their behav-ior to denuclearize the Korean Penin-sula. That is their objective. China has told us that. They need to take action. They shouldn’t be blocking U.N. Secu-rity Council action. They should not only be supporting that, they should be using their influence over North Korea to bring about a change of behavior of North Korea as it relates to prolifera-tion of weapons. So it is on China. The United States will do what it must do to safeguard our interests and that of our allies. And that, we will do. But we hope China, which claims to share our same goals on the denuclearization of the Korean Penin-sula, will agree on the meaningful steps necessary so that we can achieve that goal. Let me be clear. The United States and Republic of Korea alliance remains as firm and resilient as ever and stands ready to support the Korean people against any and all provocations by North Korea. Just this weekend, the al-liance made a decision to begin formal consultations regarding improvements to the THAAD missile defense system operated by U.S. Forces Korea. I sup-port this decision, as it is both an im-portant element of our extended deter-rence architecture and it sends the right signal of U.S. resolve to protect our allies and partners in the region. We will look for new defense systems to help the Republic of Korea and our friends in the Korean Peninsula. I also wish to commend President Park for her leadership in responding to this growing threat. She has dem-onstrated the necessary political will to strengthen cooperation and con-sultations within the alliance and with partners in the region to forge a united and strong international response to North Korea’s reckless behavior. We must also continue to look for op-portunities to enhance trilateral co-operation between the United States, Japan, and South Korea. Japan and South Korea are our most important allies in the region, and as we approach North Korea, to be most effective, we need to act together. Strong, clear-eyed, forward-looking leadership will be necessary if we hope to pursue eventual denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula. It calls for close coordination with our regional allies, South Korea and Japan, particularly in the areas of missile defense and infor-mation sharing. And it calls for U.S. leadership to strengthen the existing counterproliferation regime, to ensure that North Korea’s most dangerous weapons are contained as we work to-ward their elimination. This legisla-tion does that. It strengthens U.S. pol-icy and allows us to ensure that North Korea will pay a price for its continued nuclear ambitions, while providing the administration with the toolkit it needs to develop and implement a more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.011 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES770 February 10, 2016 
effective approach to North Korea. I urge all my colleagues to join us in supporting this very important legisla-tion. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I want to add to the comments made by Chair-man C
ORKER , my colleague from Ten-nessee and chairman of the Foreign Re-lations Committee, as well as Senator C
ARDIN , my colleague on the Sub-committee on East Asia, about the work we have done over the past year to put this before the Senate today. One of the first meetings we held in the office of Chairman C
ORKER was to speak with my colleagues on the con-cern we shared about North Korea, the concern that while we have rightfully focused on the Middle East and the conflicts that have arisen in Syria and in various places around the country, at the same time we cannot take our eyes off of North Korea. Of course, Senator C
ARDIN from Maryland and I have worked together on a variety of committee hearings. The first series of committee hearings we held on the East Asia Sub-committee were to address cyber secu-rity issues, the cyber attacks from North Korea, and the situation in re-gard to security on the North Korean Peninsula. I think the work we have laid out over the past year is setting ground for this strong sanctions bill today. I rise to speak in support of H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act, as amended by the unanimous amendment that came out of the Foreign Relations Committee on January 28. This legislation is a mo-mentous achievement, and I thank the members of the committee and par-ticularly Senator M
ENENDEZ for work-ing closely with me as we came to-gether with a strong bipartisan solu-tion to what is the problem with North Korea. I also thank House Foreign Af-fairs Committee Chairman E
DROYCE , the sponsor of the underlying House legislation, for his years of tireless work and dedication on this issue. Hav-ing served with Chairman R
OYCE in the House for a number of years, I know his passion and his dedication and his commitment to bringing peace to the peninsula. This legislation comes at a critical time. Those of you who had a chance to see the news this morning woke up to a story in Reuters where yet another top military official in the Kim Jong Un regime was assassinated by Kim Jong Un, following a long list of others in his administration who have been killed, assassinated, tortured, includ-ing his own uncle, including those who have been killed by anti-aircraft guns. North Korea poses a serious and growing threat to its neighbors, our al-lies, South Korea, Japan, and others. It poses a threat to our homeland, the United States, and to global security. While the threat is growing daily, our policies are failing to deter the forgot-ten maniac in Pyongyang, Kim Jong Un. This past weekend, on February 7, North Korea conducted a satellite launch, which is essentially a test of an intercontinental ballistic missile that would be capable of reaching the U.S. mainland. Last month, on January 6, North Korea conducted its fourth nu-clear test, which is the third such test during the Obama administration. Moreover, North Korea has claimed that this test was a test of a thermo-nuclear device, also known as a hydro-gen bomb—a vastly more powerful weapon than the atomic devices the re-gime has tested in the past. Regardless of whether the claim that it was a hy-drogen bomb is true, this test rep-resents a significant advancement in North Korea’s nuclear weapons capa-bility. North Korea has violated a series of United Nations Security Council reso-lutions, including Resolutions 1718, 1874, 2087, and 2094—all while the re-gime’s stockpile of nuclear weapons continues to grow exponentially. Most recently, nuclear experts have reported that North Korea may currently have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, with potential for over 100 in the next few years. Yesterday James Clapper, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, testified before the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at Yongbyon and ‘‘could begin to recover plutonium from the reactor’s spent fuel within a matter of weeks to months.’’ The re-gime’s ballistic missile capabilities are rapidly advancing. DNI Clapper stated that ‘‘North Korea has also expanded the size and sophistication of its bal-listic missiles forces—from close-range ballistic missiles to intercontinental ballistic missiles [ICBMs]—and con-tinues to conduct missile test launches. . . . Pyongyang is also com-mitted to developing a long-range, nu-clear-armed missile that is capable of posing a direct threat to the United States.’’ ADM Bill Gortney, the head of U.S. Northern Command, NORTHCOM, which is based in my home State of Colorado, at Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado Springs, has publicly stat-ed that North Korea may have already developed the ability to miniaturize a nuclear warhead, mount it on their own intercontinental ballistic mis-sile—something called the KN–08—and ‘‘shoot it at the homeland.’’ Those are not the words of a committee chairman or the words of a subcommittee chair-man; those are the words of our com-mander of NORTHCOM, who believes that they may have developed the abil-ity to shoot it at the homeland. North Korea has demonstrated time and time again that it is an aggressive, ruthless regime that is not afraid to kill innocent people. On March 26, 2010, North Korean missiles sank a South Korean ship, killing 46 of her own crew, and several months later, North Korea shelled a South Korean island, killing 4 more South Korean citizens. Pyongyang is also quickly developing its cyber capabilities as another dan-gerous tool of intimidation, as dem-onstrated by the attack on the South Korean financial institutions and com-munication systems in March of 2013 or the Sony Pictures hack attack in No-vember of 2014. According to a November 2015 report by the Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies, ‘‘North Korea is emerging as a significant actor in cyberspace with both its military and clandestine organizations gaining the capability to conduct cyber oper-ations.’’ According to the Heritage Founda-tion: Contrary to perceptions of North Korea as a technically backward nation, the regime has a very robust and active cyber warfare capability. The Reconnaissance General Bu-reau, North Korea’s intelligence agency, oversees 3,000 ‘‘cyber-warriors’’ dedicated to attacking Pyongyang’s enemies. A South Korean cyber expert assessed that North Ko-rea’s electronic warfare capabilities were surpassed only by the United States and Rus-sia. 
We should also never forget that this regime remains one of the world’s fore-most abusers of human rights. The North Korean regime maintains a vast network of political prison camps where as many as 200,000 men, women, and children are confined to atrocious living conditions and are tortured, maimed, and killed. On February 7, 2014, the United Na-tions Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights released a groundbreaking re-port detailing North Korea’s horren-dous record on human rights. The Com-mission found that North Korea’s con-stituted a crime against humanity. What then has been this administra-tion’s policy to counter the North Ko-rean threat? Our policy is something called ‘‘strategic patience,’’ which started in 2009 under then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. The main idea behind strategic patience, it seems, is to patiently wait until Kim Jong Un peacefully surrenders. The latest developments show that we are reaping the rewards of this ill- conceived policy, and it can no longer be allowed to remain in effect. The simple fact is that strategic patience has been a strategic failure. All that our so-called ‘‘patience’’ has done is to allow the North Korean regime to con-tinue to test nuclear weapons, to ex-pand its testing of intercontinental ballistic missiles, to grow its military power, and to develop cyber warfare technologies while systematically con-tinuing to torture its own people. We have neither militarily deterred this regime nor effectively used our puni-tive tools. Our sanctions policy toward North Korea has been weak. This was noted in that same CSIS report: 
The sanctions against North Korea pale in comparison to the level of sanctioning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.013 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S771 February 10, 2016 
against Iran. . . . The number of individuals and entities sanctioned by the U.S. and UN are 843 (U.S.) and 121 (UN) for Iran, but only 100 (U.S.) and 31 (UN) for North Korea. 
When we do impose sanctions against North Korea, they are often repetitive or ineffectual. Again, I quote from the Heritage Foundation report: 
In response to the North Korean cyberattack on Sony, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13687, which, though expansive in legal breadth, was only weakly implemented. The Administration targeted 13 North Korean entities, three or-ganizations already on the U.S. sanctions list, and 10 individuals not involved in cyber warfare. 
That was our response to North Korea. To date, we have not imposed specific human rights sanctions on a single North Korean individual. There are 200,000 men, women, and children in political gulags in North Korea, and the United States has not imposed a specific human rights sanction on a single North Korean leader. It is a dis-grace given the gravity of the abuses that have been perpetrated by this re-gime. These policy failures are why a year ago I began working on the legislation that is before us today that would re-verse course and apply the pressure necessary to stop the forgotten maniac in Pyongyang. Last August, I had an opportunity to visit South Korea and meet with South Korean President Park. We talked about the situation on the peninsula, and we agreed that the status quo with North Korea is no longer sustainable. To witness the proximity of the threat for our South Korean allies, I visited the demilitarized zone, or the DMZ. Only days after I departed, North Korea fired artillery across the border, further illustrating the danger that South Koreans live under each and every day and the danger of armed es-calation of this conflict. I also traveled to China and met with Foreign Minister Wang as well as high- ranking officials of the People’s Lib-eration Army to discuss North Korea. From my conversations, however, it became evident that although they are growing exasperated with the North Korean regime, Beijing has done little with the intention of undertaking meaningful action to stop Kim Jong Un. Last October, I introduced S. 2144, the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act. I thank 17 of my colleagues in this Senate for cospon-soring this legislation. The substitute before us today represents a slightly modified version of S. 2144. In par-ticular, this legislation mandates and not simply authorizes that the Presi-dent impose sanctions against persons who materially contribute to North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development and who import luxury goods into North Korea; mandatory sanctions against perpetrators who en-able its censorship and human rights abuses, who engage in money laun-dering and manufacture of counterfeit goods and narcotics trafficking, who engage in activities undermining cyber security or have sold, supplied or transferred to or from North Korea pre-cious metals or raw metals, including aluminum, steel, and coal for the ben-efit of North Korea’s regime and its il-licit activities. These sanctions are tough, and we know that a significant portion of the foreign currency that North Korea re-ceives is for trade in its precious met-als, raw materials, aluminum, steel, and coal. We know that about 90 per-cent of North Korea’s economy is through its relationship with China. Senator C
ARDIN previously men-tioned that nobody faces a greater threat than South Korea’s neighbors Japan and China, which border a re-gime that is killing its own people and testing ballistic missiles in violation of China’s determinations, the United States’ determinations, and certainly the United Nations determinations. I will note that the mandatory sanc-tions on North Korea’s cyber activities and the mandatory sanctions on the minerals are unique to the Senate leg-islation. This bill also codifies the Ex-ecutive orders that the President issued last year, 13687 and 13694, regard-ing cyber security as they applied to North Korea, which were enacted last year in the wake of the Sony Pictures hack and other cyber incidents. That is also a unique feature of the Senate bill. Lastly, if enacted and signed into law, the mandatory sanctions on cyber violators will break new ground for Congress. It is something that we can take as a model and apply to other na-tions that perpetrate against the United States. We need to look for every way to deprive Pyongyang of in-come to build it weapons programs, strengthen its cyber capabilities, and abuse its own people. We have to send a strong message to China, North Korea’s diplomatic pro-tector and largest trading partner, that the United States will use every eco-nomic tool at its disposal to stop Pyongyang. Finally, I would like to quote the Washington Post editorial board from this past Monday, February 8: 
President Obama’s policy since 2009, ‘‘stra-tegic patience,’’ has failed. The policy has mostly consisted of ignoring North Korea while mildly cajoling China to pressure the regime. 
The editorial concludes: 
Both China and North Korea must see that they will pay a mounting price for what, to the United States, should be Mr. Kim’s intol-erable steps toward a nuclear arsenal. ‘‘Stra-tegic patience’’ is no longer a viable option. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Washington Post edi-torial be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Washington Post, Feb. 8, 2016] N
ORTH KOREA ’SROCKET LAUNCH SHOWS THAT M
R. OBAMA ’S‘STRATEGIC PATIENCE ’ HAS F
AILED  (By Editorial Board) Assessing the behavior of North Korean ruler Kim Jong Un is necessarily a matter of guesswork In light of North Korea’s launch Sunday of another long-range rocket, how-ever, our favorite theory is a simple one: Mr. Kim is responding rationally, even shrewdly, to the outside world. The 30-something dic-tator no doubt noticed that after the re-gime’s latest nuclear test, on Jan. 6, there was no response other than rhetoric from the U.N. Security Council, China and the United States. Moreover, he surely observed that his provocation served to widen a rift between Washington and Beijing over how to handle him. So why not double down? The three-stage rocket launched Sunday, which supposedly put a satellite into Earth’s orbit, could also serve as an intercontinental missile. If North Korea has succeeded, as it claims it has, in miniaturizing a nuclear warhead, Mr. Kim could target Hawaii and Alaska, or perhaps even the western U.S. mainland. The threat is not imminent—and yet it is likely to become so if the United States does not devise a more effective strat-egy for containing and deterring the Kim re-gime. President Obama’s policy since 2009, ‘‘stra-tegic patience,’’ has failed. The policy has mostly consisted of ignoring North Korea while mildly cajoling China to pressure the regime. As the supplier of most of the iso-lated country’s energy and food, Beijing has enormous leverage. But Chinese President Xi Jinping appears even more committed than his predecessors to the doctrine that it is preferable to tolerate the Kim regime—and its nuclear proliferation—than do anything that might destabilize it. Since the nuclear test, China has been say-ing that it will support another U.N. resolu-tion on North Korea, but it is balking at sig-nificant new sanctions. Instead it calls for ‘‘dialogue,’’ by which it means negotiations between North Korea and the United States. This sounds reasonable; the problem is that talks on curbing North Korea’s nuclear pro-gram and missiles have failed repeatedly, and Mr. Kim is now insisting that the regime be accepted as a nuclear power. What is needed is a return to the only non- military strategy that brought results: sanc-tions that strike at the regime’s inner circle. Mr. Kim and his cronies are still managing to import luxury goods from China, in spite of a U.N. ban; they still use Chinese banks to do business with the rest of the world. Those links could be curtailed if China, like Iran before it, were designated as a money launderer and U.S. sanctions were slapped on Chinese banks and other businesses that sup-ply weapons and luxury goods. Pending U.S. sanctions legislation, already passed by the House and scheduled for a Sen-ate floor vote this week, would mandate these steps, while providing the administra-tion with some flexibility. It should pass, and Mr. Obama should sign it. The adminis-tration and South Korea have taken one positive step, by announcing formal con-sultations on deploying an advanced missile defense system in South Korea as quickly as possible. That sensible step had been on hold because of China’s objections. Both China and North Korea must see that they will pay a mounting price for what, to the United States, should be Mr. Kim’s intol-erable steps toward a nuclear arsenal. ‘‘Stra-tegic patience’’ is no longer a viable option. 
Mr. GARDNER. This legislation be-gins the process of reversing course 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.005 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES772 February 10, 2016 
from these failed policies toward build-ing the strong policies that we need to stop the forgotten maniac. I urge my colleagues to support this bill—this amendment—which passed with unanimous support out of the For-eign Relations Committee. We can make a difference today. We can strengthen our partnership among South Korea, Japan, and the United States. We can stop the torture of the people of North Korea, and we can lift the threat of a nuclearized North Korea, which threatens to harm not just its neighbors or our allies but the people of this country, our homeland. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I know we have a number of speakers who are interested in this legislation. I think they will be coming to the floor be-tween now and vote time. I ask that the other Members who wish to speak on this legislation come to the floor so we can fill in the gaps. Again, I thank Senator G
ARDNER and Senator M
ENENDEZ for their efforts on the front end of this legislation. I think this is a meaningful piece of leg-islation. I was with the Presiding Offi-cer yesterday during a lunch meeting, and I think he is OK with my sharing the fact that the Senate is playing a role in really projecting our strength. We continue to do so both through the Armed Services Committee that he serves on and also through the Foreign Relations Committee. I think this is a very strong piece of legislation. A lot of times it is difficult for us to make a difference. Let’s face it. The Commander in Chief has such powers and such staff at their disposal. How-ever this is one of those pieces of legis-lation where I am certain we are going to make a difference. Will it end North Korea’s activities? It will take collective efforts to make that happen, but I think this begins the process of moving that along. I have to say that I am so dis-appointed in the way the U.N. Security Council is behaving. Again, I don’t want to rehash old discussions, but I know when we looked at the snapback provisions that were a part of the Iran nuclear agreement—when you are deal-ing with partners like China, which wants to buy oil from Iran, and Russia, which wants to sell them arms, I hate to say it, but our European friends are just dying to do business in the dif-ferent ways that they are—mean noth-ing. They mean nothing. It is the fact that Iran had two bal-listic tests that have taken place, vio-lating U.N. Security Council resolu-tions, and nothing has happened be-cause Russia and China have blocked those. In many ways that means that for us to continue the project to cause change to occur, this body itself has to be even more proactive. Senator G
ARDNER has visited the DMZ, just as I have, and has seen the 28,500 troops that we have there. I know Senator SULLIVAN has done the same thing. We understand the con-stant danger that South Korea and Japan face, as well as others. North Korea is right on the border of China, and China is the entity that can make the biggest difference. Yet China— again, after being embarrassed when North Korea paid no attention whatso-ever to their reach-out when they tried to keep this last test, in particular, from occurring—was unwilling to lis-ten. So when we have ‘‘partners’’ on the U.N. Security Council unwilling to take steps, it means even more so that this body, of probably the greatest Na-tion on Earth, has to be proactive. I commend the Senator from Colo-rado. I commend the Members of this body who I think are certainly inter-ested and will pass this piece of legisla-tion overwhelmingly. Again, I thank Senator M
CCONNELL  and Senator R
EIDfor allowing this leg-islation to come up in this manner. I too thank Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-ing Member E
NGLE . They have worked well together to cause us to project strength in this regard. They sent the base bill over, and it is a very good bill and a strong piece of legislation that the Senate, by passage later today, will strengthen. This is a collaborative effort. I hate to even use words like that, but it is a collaborative effort by two bodies of Congress and two committees. Ulti-mately, at the end of the day, I think the two bodies will fully pass this legis-lation and it will become law. This is going to begin to make a difference in the way North Korea is behaving. What is happening there is impor-tant. It is one of the greatest humani-tarian crises, and this bill also address-es that. I thank Senator G
ARDNER for his comments on the floor. More impor-tantly, I thank him for his efforts in helping to bring this piece of legisla-tion to the floor and for his leadership in the committee in helping to design this bill. I look forward to our having a suc-cessful day in the Senate. Mr. GARDNER. Will the Senator yield? Mr. CORKER. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. The Senator from Tennessee talked about his disappoint-ment with the United Nations. I want to go back over some of the points we talked about earlier today. Senator C
ARDIN , our colleague from Maryland, mentioned the fact that the United States has very similar ap-proaches to our sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiation table in the first place—sanctions that we levied against Iran brought them to the nego-tiating table—and the fact that the United States has levied almost eight times more sanctions against Iran than we have a regime that does possess a nuclear weapon. I think we have more work to do in the United States. This bill is a great step, but also the United Nations—and your expression of disappointment with the United Nations is well stated. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I think it is good that the Senator from Colo-rado brings up the fact that when we began putting these sanctions in place, there was a lot of push back because, in essence, for these things to work prop-erly or make the biggest difference in outcomes, we need to have an inter-national effort that takes place. When we began the Iran sanctions process, it was unilateral. And while we stressed on the front end—I know we passed an amendment in the Banking Committee where that one originated—to really put in place efforts to make it multi-lateral, over time it did and, because of that, the world community obviously is joining us, so we were able to force a behavior change. I would have liked to have had a bet-ter outcome when they got to the table, and I think most people in this body would have. But this bill, I would point out, does seek and does push the administration not only to implement these by mandatory statements, but it also, again, encourages them to work with others. I had those same conversations in China that the Senator from Colorado had years ago. The Chinese, with such emphasis on stability—and I under-stand it is right on their border which, to me, should make these provocations even more infuriating and more impor-tant, relative to the security of their own country. But it just seems that they, too, have exercised the patience the Senator spoke about earlier that our country has exercised. I really do believe that passage of this bill today, and an ultimate signa-ture by the President, has the poten-tial to unleash the same chain of events that occurred relative to Iran, hopefully with a better outcome. Again, I thank the Senator for his ef-forts. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that any time spent in a quorum call before the vote in relation to H.R. 757 be charged equally against both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise to speak in strong support of the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act. This legislation serves as a critical component of the U.S. response to the North Korean regime’s dangerous and destabilizing acts. These acts are just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.006 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S773 February 10, 2016 
the latest in a series of flagrant viola-tions of the U.N. Security Council’s resolutions against North Korea’s use of ballistic missiles and nuclear tech-nology. North Korea’s unpredictable behav-ior, combined with their commitment to advancing their nuclear and missile capability, present a serious threat to our country and our allies. My support of this bill is grounded in my belief that the United States must stand with our allies and lead an inter-national response that condemns North Korea’s actions and reassures our al-lies, especially Japan and South Korea. Strengthening and expanding sanctions demonstrate that North Korea’s behav-ior is unacceptable and that there will be consequences. The Gardner-Menendez substitute amendment codifies and makes manda-tory important cyber security sanc-tions on North Korea that were enacted in Executive orders in the wake of the Sony Pictures hacking incident. The amendment also requires the President to target Pyongyang’s trade in key in-dustrial commodities that are used to fund its weapons program. The bill requires a strategy to pro-mote improved implementation and en-forcement of multilateral sanctions, a strategy to combat North Korea’s cyber activities, and a strategy to pro-mote and encourage international en-gagement on North Korean human rights-related issues, including forced labor and repatriation. While passing this legislation is a critical part of the U.S. response, we also must work with our allies, as I mentioned before, to stand as a united international community. Today, our allies Japan and South Korea took additional measures against Pyongyang. Japan declared that all North Korean ships, including those for humanitarian purposes, would be banned from coming to Japa-nese ports. Third-country ships that visited North Korea would also be banned from entering. South Korea an-nounced it would pull out of a joint in-dustrial complex that it ran with North Korea at Kaesong. I agree with Secretary Kerry that the U.N. Security Council must act swiftly to impose penalties for North Korea’s violations of U.N. resolutions. China needs to join the international commu-nity in supporting sanctions against Pyongyang and should use its leverage as North Korea’s largest trading part-ner to expand U.S. sanctions. This is an opportunity for the U.S. and China to work together toward a common goal—a denuclearized Korean peninsula. While our country is engaged in the campaign to destroy ISIL, North Ko-rea’s serious provocations demonstrate that we cannot take our attention away from the Asia-Pacific region. The United States has longstanding stra-tegic interests and commitments to the security of the Asia-Pacific area. It is a priority to maintain stability in the region where the United States has five treaty allies and many security partnerships. We must ensure that our solid commitment to defend South Korea and Japan remains firm. While passing this sanctions bill is important to demonstrate our resolve and leadership, clearly this is not enough in the face of North Korea’s provocations. We need to cooperate with our allies on missile defense. As the north continues its provocative missile launches, our alliance with South Korea means that we must en-hance our defenses against these threats. Pyongyang’s missile capabili-ties threaten not only our allies and our servicemembers stationed in South Korea and Japan, but also the U.S. ter-ritory of Guam, my home State of Ha-waii, Alaska, and much of the west coast. South Korea’s decision yesterday to begin formal talks with the United States to deploy a THAAD missile de-fense system is a major step toward this kind of missile defense coopera-tion. THAAD can target short, me-dium, and intermediate ballistic mis-siles in flight. Again, stability in the Asia-Pacific area with key allies, largest and fastest growing economies, and provocative actors like North Korea and China, is critical to our national security. We must continue our commitment to an all-of-government Asia-Pacific rebal-ance with military, economic, and dip-lomatic attention and resource prior-ities to this part of the world. Since my election to the Senate, I have made it a priority to visit this re-gion every year. Most recently, this past summer, I visited Japan and Guam. I traveled to South Korea in 2013, and I know that our allies are counting on us to keep our focus on the Asia-Pacific and work with them to maintain stability and prosperity in this part of the world. I urge my colleagues to send a strong message to North Korea and our allies by not only supporting the North Ko-rean Sanctions Enforcement Act, but also by supporting the rebalance to the Asia-Pacific. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, many of my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, have taken to the floor today in support of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act. It is a bill that I, too, am pleased to support. This bill was developed in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee through the same spirit of collaboration and collegiality in America’s best interests that we have seen in this committee time and again. Senators G
ARDNER and M
ENENDEZ deserve real praise for their work together drafting this bill, and I thank and commend Chairman C
ORKER  and Ranking Member C
ARDIN for lead-ing an open amendment process within the committee that strengthened the bill with truly constructive changes— among them an amendment from Sen-ator M
ARKEY to crack down on trans-fers of conventional weapons to and from North Korea, and another from Senator S
HAHEEN , which makes sure these new sanctions will not impede our ability to recover the remains of any lost American servicemember in North Korea. I want to thank Senators C
ORKER and C
ARDIN not only for advancing this bill but, just as importantly, for leading the Foreign Relations Committee in a bipartisan spirit that reflects the best of the Senate in an uncertain world. This is a strong bill, and I am confident it will enhance sanctions against North Korea in response to the regime’s nu-clear test last month and its dangerous nuclear missile launch last weekend. It is a clear, direct response that sends an unmistakable signal to North Korea and the world that we intend to con-tinue to be actively engaged. Frankly, the floor debate this week at some moments has not always re-flected that same bipartisan spirit and the same spirit in which the House overwhelmingly passed a similar bill last month. Somehow the debate has at times shifted from questions of how best to punish North Korea for its ille-gal actions and how we can pull to-gether in that effort to questions about President Obama’s broader policy goals and motives. Suggestions that the President somehow enabled North Korea to engage in this provocative be-havior by pursuing a separate nuclear agreement with Iran only distract from our shared goal that serves as the foun-dation and bipartisan purpose of this legislation. I urge a more constructive course. We should apply the same bipartisan spirit in which we developed the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act toward passage of the Iran Policy Oversight Act, which was led by Ranking Member C
ARDIN and which will ensure that Congress can exercise effective oversight of the nuclear agreement with Iran. Just as members of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee worked together to develop a sanctions bill on North Korea, Republicans and Democrats in this body should come together to en-force the terms of the nuclear deal with Iran and to push back on Iran’s support for terrorism in the Middle East, its ongoing human rights viola-tions, and its illegal ballistic missile tests. The Iran Policy Oversight Act of-fers us an incredible way to accomplish all of these goals. When it comes to the recent nuclear agreement with Iran, also known as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.016 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES774 February 10, 2016 
the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion or the JCPOA, too often we find ourselves distracted from the core question as to whether that deal has made Iran less able to pursue develop-ment of a nuclear weapon. We are see-ing the same tendency play out today as some of my colleagues have pro-moted a false comparison between the JCPOA and the 1994 agreed framework, which the United States negotiated with North Korea with the goal of stop-ping North Korea from developing a nuclear weapon. These comparisons make a false implication that just be-cause the 1994 framework utterly failed to keep North Korea from pursuing an illicit nuclear weapons program, the JCPOA is destined to similarly fail with regard to Iran. I will take a mo-ment to explain why this comparison is inaccurate at best and dangerously misleading at worst. First the 1994 framework with North Korea was just that—a brief framework or outline, its text just three pages long. The nuclear agreement with Iran, on the other hand, is nearly 160 pages— thorough, detailed, and comprehensive, outlining the international commu-nity’s expectations, specifying dead-lines of deliverables, and laying out in clear terms the consequences for viola-tions of the deal. The second difference between the two is just as fundamental. The 1994 agreed framework with North Korea did not seek to block North Korea’s plutonium pathway to a nuclear weap-on. Not only does it eliminate its abil-ity to produce weapons-grade pluto-nium, but international inspectors have recently certified Iran actually did so by filling the core of the Arak heavy water reactor with concrete. The importance of including this pro-vision in the JCPOA was made even clearer yesterday when James Clapper, the U.S. Director of National Intel-ligence, confirmed that North Korea has restarted its plutonium production reactor and may begin recovering spent plutonium fuel in a matter of weeks. If Iran even attempted to do the same, the international community would now know and would be able to take action long before it could achieve its objective. The third key difference is this. The JCPOA allows the IAEA, the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, full access to monitor Iran’s entire nuclear fuel cycle, from uranium mines to mills, to centrifuge production work-shops, to enrichment facilities. Never before—including back in 1994 with North Korea—has a nuclear agreement given international inspectors such comprehensive access to monitor and inspect compliance. In fact, when I re-cently visited the IAEA headquarters in Vienna, Austria, the head of the agency said the access they have got-ten to Iran’s entire range of nuclear ac-tivities goes well beyond the access it had in North Korea in the 1990s. The fourth difference is just as cru-cial. The JCPOA requires Iran to abide by the so-called Additional Protocol and other additional measures, which guarantee the IAEA can seek access to suspicious undeclared locations. This Additional Protocol, a key deterrent to cheating, didn’t even exist in 1994. The nuclear deal with Iran contains defined timelines for access to suspect poten-tial nuclear sites and a dispute resolu-tion mechanism that will resolve dif-ferences between Iran and the inter-national community in favor of access-ing inspection. The 1994 agreed frame-work didn’t include any of these pro-tections. Fifth, the JCPOA is an agreement be-tween Iran and the international com-munity. While the United States main-tains its ability to snap back inter-national sanctions to punish Iran, the strength of the deal is not just from U.S. support but from buy-in from our P5+1 partners—the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and China— and we have to continue to work to-gether tirelessly on a bipartisan basis to ensure that those partners remain partners in enforcement of the deal. Sixth, the JCPOA puts incentives in the right place, halting any sanctions relief for Iran until after the inter-national community verified it had complied with the core terms of the deal. The 1994 framework allowed North Korea compensation and sanc-tions relief simply for signing up before the agreement was even implemented— clearly a fatal flaw. Finally, and in some ways most im-portantly, although Iran and North Korea are dangerous, radical regimes— revolutionary regimes—and they are both ostensibly led by Supreme Lead-ers, they exist in different regions, have different goals, and exist in dif-ferent contexts. I do think that Iran, rightly or wrongly, seeks and needs in-tegration with the world economy, and North Korea continues to be a rogue regime isolated from the rest of the world. The seven differences this Senator has just briefly outlined show the fun-damental differences between the 1994 agreed framework with North Korea, which failed, and the JCPOA with Iran, which I hope and pray will still prove to be successful. We must focus on en-forcing rigorously the terms of the JCPOA and pushing back on Iran’s bad behavior in a bipartisan fashion and in the same spirit in which my colleagues in the Foreign Relations Committee developed this vital and important North Korea bill. One way we could do so is to pass the Iran Policy Oversight Act, a bill led and developed by Senator C
ARDIN and the members of the Foreign Relations Committee who were both supporters and opponents of the JCPOA. The Iran Policy Oversight Act would clarify am-biguous provisions in the JCPOA, es-tablish in statute our commitment to enforcing the deal, engage in com-prehensive efforts to counter Iranian activities in the Middle East, and pro-vide increased support to our allies in the region, especially our vital ally, Israel. I commend Senator CARDIN for his leadership in drafting a bill strong enough to earn the cosponsorship of both supporters and opponents of that nuclear deal. Even in a dysfunctional Congress, to-day’s debate and passage of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act shows that we can come to-gether to make our country safer in the face of a dangerous world. Congress did the same last May when we came together to enact the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which gave Congress a clear and focused oppor-tunity to review the terms of the JCPOA before it was finalized. We can and must do similar things again. We should work together, Repub-licans and Democrats, in the spirit of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act and the Iran Nuclear Review Act to introduce, debate, and pass legislation to show Iran and our allies that the United States is serious about continuing to hold them ac-countable for their bad behavior and to continue to demonstrate our leadership in the Pacific region and our deter-mination to contain North Korea’s dangerous nuclear activities. Thank you, Mr. President. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise today to speak on an amendment I sub-mitted to the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act. This bill we are con-sidering today will provide a more ro-bust set of tools to confront the nu-clear threat from Pyongyang by ex-panding and tightening enforcement on North Korea. This bill goes beyond sanctions and calls for a more forceful response to North Korea’s cyber attacks and human rights abuses. We now have an opportunity to highlight North Korea’s cooperation with Iran on nuclear weap-ons and ballistic missile development. North Korea’s nuclear cooperation with Iran is widely suspected, and yet the Obama administration has been re-luctant to disclose what it knows to Congress. Last month, North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear weapons test. Ira-nian officials reportedly traveled to North Korea to witness its three pre-vious nuclear tests in 2006, 2009, and 2013. Given this trend, it would not be surprising at all if Iranians were actu-ally present in North Korea’s test just last month. Just before North Korea’s 2013 test, a senior American official was quoted as saying ‘‘it’s very pos-sible that the North Koreans are test-ing for two countries.’’ Yesterday, the Director of National Intelligence, Jim Clapper, provided written testimony to Congress, which stated that Pyongyang’s ‘‘export of ballistic missiles and associated mate-rials to several countries, including Iran and Syria, and its assistance to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.017 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S775 February 10, 2016 
Syria’s construction of a nuclear reac-tor . . . illustrate its willingness to proliferate dangerous technologies.’’ We have known that Iran and North Korea have been cooperating on bal-listic missile technology, and it has been suspected for over a decade that they are also working together on nu-clear weapons development as well as ballistic technology. In the wake of the nuclear agreement with Iran, Iran is starting to see a flow of funds from sanctions relief of potentially over $100 billion. As Iran gets this flow of cash, this Senator is concerned that we will see this illicit cooperation increase and that Iran will use some of these funds to pay North Korea for further testing and technology. This amendment No. 3294 would re-quire a semiannual report to Congress; that is all. This report would cover North Korea’s cooperation with Iran on nuclear weapon and ballistic missile testing, development, and research. We have been asking for this information and have not received it in a timely fashion. The administration would also be re-quired to disclose to Congress the iden-tity of individuals who have knowingly engaged in or directed material support for or exchanged information between the governments of Iran and North Korea for their nuclear programs in this semiannual report. In order for us to tackle this problem head-on and to take steps to halt this illicit coopera-tion, we need a full report from the ad-ministration. It is as simple as that. That is all this amendment does. I am glad to see this body moving so swiftly to enact punitive sanctions on North Korea for its recent actions, and this amendment will help further strengthen efforts to punish rogue re-gimes. I would also like to applaud the ef-forts of my colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee—Senator G
ARD-
NER, Chairman C ORKER , and Senator M
ENENDEZ —for their work on getting this bill through committee and to the floor. Their leadership on this issue has been tremendous, and I look forward to working with them on the floor to see its passage. Thank you, and I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, while we are waiting on Senator P
ETERS to be here, I wanted to go through some of the history relative to the North Ko-rean program. I think sometimes there has been so much focus on other coun-tries’ programs—I know Senator G
ARD-
NERalluded to some aspects of it in his comments—but North Korea’s nuclear program actually dates back to the 1950s, when they pursued nuclear en-ergy cooperation with the Soviet Union. In ensuing years, North Korea ac-quired a full nuclear fuel cycle, includ-ing plutonium, reprocessing, and ura-nium enrichment capabilities. So this goes back to the 1950s, but in 2003 North Korea announced its withdrawal from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and conducted four nuclear weapons tests in 2006, 2009, 2013, and 2016. Experts believe the first two nuclear tests were plutonium based, and ana-lysts assess the third nuclear test may have used highly enriched uranium. So they are on a two-track route. On Jan-uary 6, 2016, North Korea announced that it successfully tested its first hy-drogen bomb. We don’t have verifica-tion of that. We don’t have intelligence back that would verify that was the type of test that took place. Today North Korea possesses nuclear weapons, a longstanding plutonium nu-clear program at Yougbyon, and a ura-nium enrichment capability which it revealed in 2010 after years of denials. Open-source estimates of North Korea’s nuclear arsenal vary from 10 devices to nearly 100 weapons, but most experts believe North Korea’s nuclear arsenal is somewhere in the range of 10 to 20 devices that are made of both pluto-nium and highly enriched uranium. North Korea’s weapons of mass de-struction extend beyond its nuclear ca-pabilities to include biological and chemical weapons programs. It also maintains an extensive long-range bal-listic missile program which poses a di-rect threat to allies, U.S. forces in the Asia-Pacific, and the United States. The Presiding Officer lives in a part of the world that is most directly cer-tainly at threat. North Korea’s nuclear program dates back to the 1970s. In 1984, North Korea conducted its first ballistic missile test of a Scud-B bal-listic missile. North Korea’s ballistic missile arsenal includes shorter range Scud missiles that can travel nearly 300 miles, No Dong missiles that can travel upward of 800 miles, and several longer range missiles that can travel from 4,000 upward to 6,000 miles. In April 2012, North Korea displayed at a military parade a new long-range missile variant known as KN–08. The missile was displayed on a Chinese- made transporter erector launcher. In the fall of 2015, North Korea again dis-played, at a military parade, the same missile on a Chinese TEL. In December 2012, North Korea successfully launched the Unha-3 launch vehicle, placed a satellite into orbit, rep-resenting a significant advancement in North Korea’s missile technology capa-bilities. On February 7, 2016, North Korea an-nounced it had successfully launched another satellite into orbit using the Unha-3 launch vehicle. Although the KN–08 missile has not been tested, it is believed that the space launch vehicle technology has some similar techno-logical features of an ICBM. The head of the U.S. Northern Command, ADM William Gortney, has stated our gov-ernment assesses that North Korea could miniaturize a nuclear weapon and place it on the KN–08, which would reach the U.S. homeland. Pretty amaz-ing, really, to think about the progress that has occurred without any real ac-tions taking place. Again, this has gone through mul-tiple administrations. North Korea stands as one of the most foremost proliferators of WMD-related materials and ballistic missile technologies. North Korea has engaged in WMD-re-lated and missile cooperation with sev-eral states, including Iran, Pakistan, and Libya. North Korea also assisted Syria in the construction of a plutonium-based nuclear reactor at al-Kibar, until Israel destroyed that facility in 2007. In addi-tion, it has been reported that North Korea assisted both Iran and Pakistan with nuclear weapons design activities. Again, I think it is very timely that we are taking this up—actually beyond time—with the most recent activities that have taken place. This is timely. Obviously, the policy—again, through multiple administrations, multiple Congresses—has really been left untouched in a significant way. I truly do believe the legislation that hopefully will pass this body today with overwhelming support will be the beginning of a process. We just have seen, by the way, with it being known that the U.S. House and Senate were probably going to pass a very strong piece of legislation—we are now seeing other countries in the region stepping up. Again, it speaks to the power of us speaking in one voice and again push-ing, as we did on Iran years ago, push-ing the international community to join in with us. Again, as I said earlier, I am still disappointed that the U.N. Security Council cannot function—can-not function—in a way to speak more collectively in that way, but I am glad to see that countries in the region, as a result of certainly the stances being taken here and as a result of their own concerns about what is happening with North Korea—I am glad to see it looks as though we are beginning to push to-ward more international efforts against North Korea. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, one of the things that I think we have to con-tinue to reiterate during today’s de-bate is that this debate is not about the people of North Korea. It is about the dictator of the regime, the forgot-ten maniac, Kim Jung Un, and his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.018 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES776 February 10, 2016 
reign of terror in North Korea, not only with the 200,000 people who are subject to imprisonment in political camps— 200,000 men, women, and children who have been tortured and maimed—but it is about his leadership that seems to go along with him, a leadership that would aid and abet in the torture and maiming of innocent people. I think perhaps this chart, this pic-ture, this satellite image of the Korean Peninsula, best illustrates what the people of North Korea are subjected to each and every day. You can see North Korea right here, a big vast, empty space at night, very little light, maybe Pyongyang, the brightest light point compared to Seoul, compared to South Korea, compared to their neighbors in the south, their family members in the south because they have been deprived of an economy, because they have been deprived of an opportunity, and be-cause the people of North Korea have been deprived of the freedoms their South Korean neighbors have enjoyed. Standing on the DMZ—and I know the Presiding Officer has been there as well—standing on the DMZ, you can see the differences between the devel-opment of North Korea and South Ko-rean. In just a few moments—I notice my colleague from Michigan is here and is scheduled to speak. In just a few minutes I will go into this chart a lit-tle bit more about how this bill not only creates mandatory sanctions but also will give us tolls to help the people of North Korea. With that, I will yield the floor to my colleague Senator P
ETERS from Michi-gan, whom I have had great opportuni-ties to work with before on legislation from telecommunications to cars that communicate with each other. I am grateful he is here to speak on this bill as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise in support of legislation currently before the Senate to crack down on the North Korean regime’s repeated nuclear provocations. I would certainly like to thank my colleague Senator G
ARDNER  for his leadership on this issue as well. Four days ago, on February 6, the world watched North Korea launch a rocket into space, in what was clearly an effort to test its advanced ballistic missile technology. The North Korean satellite is now tumbling in orbit and incapable of functioning in any useful way. Last month, the regime an-nounced it had successfully detonated a nuclear device as part of its rogue nu-clear program, the fourth test we have detected in North Korea since 2006. This combination of incompetence, aggression, and defiance of the inter-national community is dangerous and simply cannot stand. Just yesterday, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, James Clapper, tes-tified it is likely North Korea has re-started the plutonium reactor that has been shuttered since 2007 and could begin to recover fissile material within weeks. These defiant acts fly in the face of existing international sanctions and must be met with a strong and unified response from the world community. It is a step in the right direction that the U.N. Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea’s actions and vowed to adopt significant new puni-tive measures against the regime. However, the dangerous path North Korea continues down poses a direct threat to the United States and our al-lies, particularly South Korea and Japan. We must go further and take ac-tion to punish the North Korean re-gime and those who aid and abet in its provocative actions. The legislation before us today would significantly enhance our ability to curb the North Korean nuclear pro-gram. The bill requires the President to sanction anyone who knowingly sup-ports the North Korean regime, wheth-er by furnishing materials for North Korean weapons programs or by selling luxury goods to corrupt government of-ficials while so many North Koreans live in poverty. The bill also provides exemptions for humanitarian organizations that work to relieve the suffering of millions of North Koreans. We must continue to let the people under the rule of this brutal regime know that we stand with them in their democratic aspirations, even as their government continues to threaten the international community. I commend the efforts of the Foreign Relations Committee and particularly Senators Menendez and Gardner for their work on this important legisla-tion. The United States has long led the world in working to curb the threat of nuclear proliferation. We lead through sustained commitments to securing fissile material, such as spearheading the effort to secure loose nukes after the fall of the Soviet Union. We lead through precedence set in the bilateral 123 agreements, agreeing to share civil-ian nuclear technology so partner countries can diversify their energy mix while explicitly preventing them from enriching uranium on their own soil. In the years to come, our leadership is necessary to raise this global stand-ard even higher for every country re-garding the enrichment of uranium. We do not aim to deny peaceful nuclear en-ergy to nations that seek it, but we must make clear that there is no uni-versal right to enrichment. The United States has moral authority on this issue because we have led by example, committing to reductions in our own nuclear arsenal in the interest of a safer world. We must continue to work with unity of purpose and act to stem the spread of nuclear materials to rogue states and terrorist organiza-tions. Nowhere is American leadership more necessary than in the case of the Iranian nuclear program. I was proud to cosponsor the initial effort to pass sanctions against Iran in 2009 and help pass additional sanctions in the years since. I firmly believe crippling sanc-tions are what brought Iran to the ne-gotiating table and the threat of addi-tional sanctions enhanced our bar-gaining position during the pains-taking negotiations that led to the JCPOA. Our work to unite world pow-ers behind this effort led to an agree-ment that curbs Iran’s nuclear pro-gram in the short term, but in the longer term we need to stand ready to act swiftly and decisively against any Iranian violations of the JCPOA, large or small. The JCPOA is not the end of our mul-tilateral efforts against Iran and its il-licit behavior, just as the legislation before us today is not the end of our multilateral efforts against the North Korean regime and its repeated af-fronts to international security. We will continue to punish regimes that support terrorism, violate human rights, and illegally seek nuclear weap-ons. Surely our response to the North Korean provocations will be watched closely by the Iranian regime, which is why we must respond swiftly and why we must respond strongly. The sanctions bill before us today is not a Democratic issue, it is not a Re-publican issue. The goal of preventing nuclear proliferation has been a unit-ing principle of the American foreign policy for decades, and it must con-tinue to be so. We must come together today to pass this bill quickly and without opposition to demonstrate in no uncertain terms our unity of pur-pose in preventing the spread of nu-clear weapons. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant majority leader. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Colorado, Mr. GARD-
NER, for his leadership on this issue— together with the chairman of the For-eign Affairs Committee, Senator C
ORKER —for bringing us to this mo-ment. This is a rare bipartisan mo-ment, where the Senate has come to-gether and agreed to debate, vote, and pass an important bill that imposes sanctions on one of the most dangerous regimes in the world. Recently, I was in Hawaii at the Pa-cific Command and we asked Admiral Harris, a four-star U.S. Navy admiral who heads Pacific Command, to rank the areas of the world that he was most concerned about, the regimes that he thought represented the biggest danger to peace. He listed North Korea as No.1. That may be because of the prox-imity of his area of responsibility to North Korea, but there is no question an unstable leader with nuclear weap-ons and intercontinental ballistic mis-siles is a threat not only to the region but to the United States as well. We know over the weekend North Korea successfully launched a long- range rocket and put a satellite into orbit. This was done in defiance of sanctions and represents a dangerous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.021 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S777 February 10, 2016 
trend of an increasingly hostile and un-stable North Korea. It was particularly alarming for several reasons. First, the same technology that put that satellite in orbit can be used to deliver a nuclear weapon. Long-range ballistic missiles have the potential to hit the U.S. homeland. That is why North Korea has been considered a seri-ous threat to our country, not just the region but our country as well. The timing of this launch was also very concerning because just last month North Korea claimed it had tested the components of a hydrogen bomb, a thermonuclear weapon that is more powerful than an atomic bomb—which we knew they had, but this represented an escalation, if it is true. The idea that North Korea could soon develop advanced nuclear weapons, along with intercontinental ballistic missiles, and deliver them to our shores is a frightening proposition. Un-fortunately, every day we grow closer to that reality. I will just pause for a minute to say this is another reason why our missile defense systems are so important, not just to the safety of our friends and al-lies but also increasingly to the United States. I know in Colorado a lot of those efforts are headed up to provide that effective deterrent and missile de-fense system to the threat of the inter-continental ballistic missiles. I have to be honest with you and say I am puzzled why the President hasn’t done more on this issue to date, but while the President sits on the side-lines—I think somebody called it stra-tegic patience—it has been a failure, not just patience. Patience I think of as a virtue but certainly not in this context. Nevertheless, the Senate will do its part to make sure the regime in North Korea feels some consequences for its belligerent, illegal actions. Today we will vote on the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act. This bill mandates new sanctions on North Ko-rea’s nuclear and ballistic missile pro-gram, and, importantly, it will provide an overall strategy to help address North Korea’s human rights abuses and combat its cyber activities. I don’t think most people realize that in addi-tion to its belligerence and its vio-lating international norms, North Korea is a serial human rights abuser. Literally, because of its focus on its fi-nances on military arms and its stand-ing army, North Korea has seen many, many, many of its people starve to death for lack of an adequate food sup-ply. So this is a rogue regime, it is a dangerous regime, and one we need to make sure feels the consequences of its actions. This bill will help hold North Korea accountable, which is more than we have seen from the administration. I want to point out that North Korea’s provocative actions are just another symptom of the Obama doctrine gone wrong. I mentioned strategic patience, which is hardly a strategy for keeping the world safe. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated incident. Through his words and deeds, the President continues to discredit and undercut American leadership around the world. As a result, the world is even more unstable and con-flict-ridden than when he assumed of-fice. It is absolutely the fact that in the absence of American leadership, ty-rants, thugs, and bullies feel emboldened, and our friends and allies question our loyalty and whether they can rely on us or whether they have to go it alone and build the capacity to defend themselves in the absence of a strong America. Many recall that when he ran for of-fice, the President heavily criticized the foreign policy choices of his prede-cessor, particularly the surge in Iraq. I happened to be in the Senate during that time. I remember those debates. The Democratic leader, Senator R
EID, said the surge would never work, and many were skeptical because frankly it represented a bold dramatic move. Well, not only did President Obama’s decision to hastily withdraw in Iraq after the successful surge—not only did his decision to hastily withdraw from Iraq squander the hard-won progress achieved by the surge, that country is now one of a number of countries in the Middle East in shambles. We are seeing our friends and our allies—to-gether with American advisers on the ground, special operations forces in a train-and-assist mission—trying to re-gain control of cities such as Ramadi that were won as a result of the blood and the treasure of the United States. Let’s look at a few things where they stand today. Over the past 2 years, ISIS has captured city after city where American troops shed that blood, sweat, and tears to bring relative peace. The border that used to exist be-tween Syria and Iraq is gone. It has lit-erally been erased. In spite of President Obama’s misguided nuclear deal with Iran, Iranian influence in Iraq has grown, not waned. I do find it inter-esting that speaker after speaker—even though we are talking about North Korea—is trying to come to the floor and speak about Iran after having al-lowed the President’s ill-advised nu-clear deal to go through, which guaran-tees a pathway for Iran to acquire nu-clear weapons. As a result of the administration’s paralysis, Syria, too, has plunged deep-er and deeper into chaos. Now we not only have a security problem on our hands, we have millions of Syrian and Iraqi refugees internally displaced or flooding across international borders into places such as Turkey, Jordan, Lebanon, and Europe. I have visited some of those refugee camps in Turkey and Jordan. These people are doing what we all would do. They are fleeing for their survival because frankly, once the President drew that red line in Syria, when it came to the use of ille-gal weapons, the President never did anything to enforce it or make sure that Bashar al-Assad felt or suffered any consequences. So the President’s inaction, time after time, place after place, has real consequences. The vacu-um left as a result of the U.S. retreat in the Middle East has provided an open door for other countries to expand their influence there, as we have seen and as we continue to see on a daily basis. Russia is the prime example. It con-tinues to extend its influence through indiscriminate bombing campaigns that yield little regard for civilian lives. The Russian bombing campaign doesn’t distinguish between combat-ants and civilians. Russian forces are even actively fighting against Amer-ican-backed groups and working to un-dermine them at every turn. Of course this doesn’t even touch on Russia’s aggressive actions along its own border with respect to Ukraine in NATO’s backyard. Unfortunately, Rus-sia has no reason to believe that the United States, under the current lead-ership of the Commander in Chief, will challenge it anywhere—not in the Mid-dle East, not in Europe. I could go on and on about other countries that are feeling emboldened, like a belligerent China in the South China Sea, or, as I mentioned a mo-ment ago, a newly financed and emboldened Iran, the No. 1 state spon-sor of international terrorism. When the administration basically wrote a check for $50 billion to Iran, that Sec-retary Kerry, Vice President B
IDEN, and others acknowledged could be used to finance international terrorism, it seemed to have no impact whatsoever because they were so determined to cut this bad deal with Iran. The point is that our retreat and our lack of leadership around the world only underscore the President’s lack of a larger foreign policy strategy. We have asked him time and again: Please tell us what your strategy is. The President sends over a proposed au-thorization for the use of military force against ISIS, and we find out the real reason he did that is not because he thinks he lacks authority to do what he is doing now but because they want to tie the hands of future Presi-dents in terms of what that President could do under that authorization for the use of military force. But we keep asking, and all we hear is crickets—si-lence. We keep asking for a serious, comprehensive strategy to guide the foreign policy and national security ef-forts of the United States, and the President simply doesn’t feel like it is his obligation to deliver one, opting in-stead for tactics that are guaranteed not to win, saying: Well, we bombed ISIS. Well, that is all well and fine. But at some point, once you bomb ISIS, unless you have somebody who can occupy that territory, the terrorists are going to come right back in. We have friends and allies, such as the Kurds and other countries in the Middle East that have said: Well, we will help be the boots on the ground if you will help supply us, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.023 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES778 February 10, 2016 
to which they are not provided any sort of answer. I believe the American people do de-serve better, and the men and women in uniform who have put their lives on the line deserve better. They deserve a strategy. They deserve the support to be able to accomplish the mission their country has asked them to accomplish. So I am glad that in the absence of leadership from the White House, the Congress has decided to take up some of the slack here to fill the gap left by the President’s inattention to this im-portant issue. If the President won’t step up to the plate and take these threats seriously enough to come up with a strategy to actually defeat them, the American people can trust the Senate to address it, and we will do so today on a bipartisan basis, insofar as it applies to the threat in North Korea. So it is my hope that we will send a strong bipartisan message to North Korea that their repeated provocations will not go unanswered. 
MENTAL HEALTH AND OUR CRIMINAL JUSTICE  
SYSTEM  
Mr. President, I just came from a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing, which was one of the most unusual hearings I have attended since the time I have been in the Senate—certainly on the Judiciary Committee. Usually on the Judiciary Committee the habit is for the majority to select witnesses and then the minority gets to select witnesses, and then witnesses come out and are proxy fighters for the par-ticular policy differences that members of the committee have—not today. Today, thanks to Chairman G
RASSLEY , the senior Senator from Iowa, the Judi-ciary Committee had a consensus panel on the subject of mental health and its intersection with our criminal justice system. What we heard was that, increas-ingly, our jails and our prisons, our criminal justice system, and the home-less that we see on our streets are a product of a failed policy—one that said: Yes, we need to move people out of institutions and out of hospitals. But, of course, there is the promise—or at least it was the hope—that they would have somewhere else to go to get treatment and housing and the like. Today what we heard reaffirmed from the sheriff of Bexar County, TX—San Antonio, my hometown—and from so many of the other witnesses from across the country is that now our jails, our prisons, and the criminal jus-tice systems have become de facto warehouses for the mentally ill, com-pletely ill-suited to deal with what they need, which is treatment, super-vision, and help—and the families, too, who need additional tools available for them to turn to when they need help with a loved one who has become men-tally ill. So I have introduced legislation that we talked about during the hearing today called the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act, modeled off of successful experiments and programs in places like North Carolina, which we heard from before, San Antonio, Vir-ginia, and elsewhere. I am sure there are a number of good stories. This is the way I think Congress ought to legislate, rather than to dream up here behind closed doors some grand scheme—the masters of the universe trying to decide what is good for all 320 million of us in a one-size- fits-all approach. We have seen the dis-astrous consequences of that sort of thinking. Rather than that, let’s look at what has actually proven to work in our cities, counties, and our States, and then scale that up, where appro-priate, to apply more broadly after we have proven that it actually works. That is what my legislation, the Men-tal Health and Safe Communities Act, is designed to do. As we will look—I believe tomor-row—in the Judiciary Committee at the opioid and heroin crisis that is being experienced in so many parts of our country and as we look, as we have, at reforming our prison systems to pro-vide more incentives for people who are low-risk and mid-level offenders, if they will accept the opportunity to help themselves to deal with their un-derlying drug or alcohol problem, to learn a skill, to get a GED, to better prepare for life on the outside based on the experiences in Texas and elsewhere, we can actually lower crime rates, lower recidivism rates, and save tax-payers a lot of money. So whether it is dealing with the mental health issue and its intersec-tion with the criminal justice system or dealing with our prison system, which used to believe that rehabilita-tion was an important part of what their obligation was, or dealing with this opioid and heroin abuse, we have a lot to do to make sure that our crimi-nal justice system is brought into the 21st century and that we no longer pun-ish people who mainly need help. As somebody who is a recovering member of the Texas judiciary for 13 years, I certainly believe there are some people whom you can’t help and whom you must punish. But there is a large segment of people—whether it is drug or alcohol related, or whether it is mental health issues—who will accept our help and will turn their lives around if given that opportunity. I just wanted to say a few words about that because I feel so strongly about the importance of what we talked about at that hearing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I thank my friend from Texas for the work he is doing on the Judiciary Committee. I hope we can continue in that bipar-tisan spirit to deal with addiction and, I hope, improvements in our criminal justice system, providing resources to people who have addiction needs. I know there is a strong bipartisan effort to deal with community mental health so we can get services in our commu-nity. This is not a partisan issue. I am glad to see that the work by the Judi-ciary Committee is productive in try-ing to lead to those conclusions. I do want to, though, comment a lit-tle bit on what was said in regards to the Obama administration. We are here together with a bill on North Korea that is not partisan at all. Democrats and Republicans are working together. There is no division between Congress and the White House. We all believe we have to isolate North Korea and its conduct. The administration has been very strong in actions in the United Nations, keeping us closely informed, and we very much want to work with a strong, united voice. That is how we keep our country the strongest, and that is what we should do on national security. So let me just try to fill in the record a little bit from the previous comments made about the Obama ad-ministration. Let us remember that the Obama ad-ministration took over after, I would say, a failed policy in the Middle East in which we went into Afghanistan—as we should have because of the attack on our country. But before completing Afghanistan, the previous administra-tion went into Iraq, using our military first rather than looking for a solution that would provide the type of stability in that region to prevent the spread of radicalization. Instead, governments were formed that didn’t represent all of the communities, and we saw splinter groups formed and the recruitment for extreme elements. President Obama was able to develop international coalitions to work to-gether. I think America is always best when we lead and we can be joined by the international community. The President also understood that it shouldn’t be up to America’s military to solve all of the problems, that there is not a military solution to the spread of radicalization, that internal support in the countries must come from the countries themselves, that we do not want to be seen as a conquering power, and that it is for the region to defend itself. Yes, we will help, but we are not going to put our ground troops in a sit-uation where they are used as a re-cruitment for radical forces. We also understand that America leads best when we can get our ideals of good gov-ernance with governments that rep-resent all the communities so there is no void. President Obama and his ad-ministration have been very strong in those areas. With regard to dealing with ISIL, the radical forces that exist today, a policy is well understood: Cut off their sup-port. Cut off their support in regards to recruitment by having representative governments. Cut off their support by dealing with their oil supplies and their looting and extortion. Cut off their support by taking back territory in a way that we can control that terri-tory. That is what we have seen hap-pening, certainly in the last several months, as territory that was formally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.026 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S779 February 10, 2016 
held by ISIL is now being held by the Government of Iraq, particularly, but also Syria. So I just wanted to correct on this day when we are bringing up the North Korea bill, that every President since the Korean War has had challenges in dealing with the problems in North Korea and that we are together on this issue as a Congress and as a Nation to isolate North Korea. It is not just their nuclear weapon program. As I pointed out earlier, it is their cyber attacks, their human rights violations, and all those issues to which we are speaking with a very strong voice today. I hope that as Democrats and Republicans, the House and Senate, the President and Congress speak with a strong, uni-fied voice, America’s national security interests will be better served. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, throughout this debate we continue to remind the people around America that this North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act is not intended to bow to the people of North Korea. Rather, our efforts are to try to help ensure that we are doing everything we can to help stand up for the people of North Korea, to give them the kinds of economic opportunities and freedoms from which they have been deprived by this regime under Kim Jong Un. Today’s sanctions act and the man-datory sanctions that will be levied here today by this act, if adopted and signed by the President—which I be-lieve it will be with the overwhelming bipartisan support that it has—are about the Kim Jong Un regime itself. This is about a forgotten maniac in North Korea who has deprived his peo-ple of economic opportunity, who has imprisoned 200,000 men, women, and children, who has tortured his people, and who has assassinated members of his own inner circle and leadership. Today in the morning papers, an arti-cle outlined the death of his chief of staff of the army—again, the continued purge of top-level officials under the Kim Jong Un regime. You can see the situation the people of North Korea are facing each and every day. This is a satellite image of the Korean Peninsula at nighttime. You can see the developments in South Korea, and you can see Seoul, Korea. There are millions of people who live right across the DMZ. And you can see the conditions the people of North Korea are suffering under—an economy that has failed, an economy that has failed to develop to give them the same kinds of opportunities other people in the Korean Peninsula are sharing. This bill also promotes human rights. I want to point out section 301. This section requires the President to study the feasibility of bringing unmonitored and inexpensive cellular and Internet communications to the people of North Korea and trying to break through the emptiness of North Korea—the commu-nication barriers, the firewalls—to try to get around the North Korean regime that doesn’t want the people of North Korea to understand they can live bet-ter lives. Section 302 directs the Secretary of State to develop a comprehensive strategy to promote human rights in North Korea and combat its forced labor practices, including a diplomatic outreach plan and a public diplomacy awareness campaign, what we can do together to try to bring awareness to North Koreans. Let them know that if they have family members in South Korea—what kind of opportunities peo-ple in South Korea are sharing. It wasn’t that long ago—a few dec-ades ago—that North Korea had a more vibrant economy than South Korea, but that is certainly not the case today. If you stand on this line, if you stand on the DMZ and you look north into North Korea, you see the hillsides that have been completely deforested and all of the vegetation removed be-cause people lacked food in North Korea, so they cut down the trees and created wood soup so they would have something to fill their stomachs be-cause the North Korean regime of Kim Jong Un failed do so. You look at the south, and you can see the hills, vege-tation, development, prosperity. We can help bring peace to the peninsula with the passage of this act today. I know my colleague from New Jer-sey, Senator M
ENENDEZ , is coming to the floor today. He has been a great leader when it comes to North Korea, a great leader when it comes to the issue of human rights, and he has worked with me on this legislation. I worked with him to make sure we created a bi-partisan solution to this great chal-lenge that is North Korea today. I com-mend Senator M
ENENDEZ for the work and the opportunity to present the bi-partisan solution before the Senate today. I yield back and will listen to the words of Senator M
ENENDEZ . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, let me first start off by thanking the lead-ership of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Chairman C
ORKER and Ranking Member C
ARDIN , for creating the environment to have strong bipar-tisan legislation on a critical issue that affects the national interests and security of the United States and be-yond that, in general, creating a strong bipartisan environment that I think is critical to U.S. foreign policy. It is a tone I tried to set when I had the privi-lege of being the chairman and Senator C
ORKER was the ranking member, and I appreciate his leadership in continuing in the same spirit, and, of course, Sen-ator C
ARDIN , who worked very hard on maintaining that environment. I appre-ciate that they created the where-withal to bring us here today. I also thank Senator G
ARDNER , the East Asia Subcommittee chairman, for working with me to bring legislation in which we can come together in a strong bipartisan voice because when the Nation speaks with one voice, it speaks most powerfully to both friends and foes across the world. It has been a privilege to work with Senator GARD-
NER and to see his vision of how we deal with this and merge my vision of how we deal with it, and together I think we have come up with the most comprehensive strategic effort to deal with North Korea. I want to salute him, and I thank him for working with me. Given the North Korean regime’s re-cent test of what most agree is a bal-listic missile—what U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon characterized as ‘‘deeply deplorable’’ and in violation of Security Council resolutions—one thing is abundantly clear when you look at this photograph: It is time to take North Korea seriously. For too many years, the standard re-sponse of Republican and Democratic administrations alike whenever North Korea stages a provocation has been to dismiss the seriousness of the threat. We tend to see it as a strange regime seemingly disconnected from geo-political reality, something of a par-allel universe that doesn’t function in the same way as the rest of the inter-national community, a strange regime run by crazy leaders and certain to col-lapse any day, that there is no need to worry, it will not and it can’t survive. Well, four nuclear tests, three Kims, two violations of U.N. Security Council resolutions, and one attempt by North Korea to transfer nuclear technology to Syria later, it is clearly time for the United States to start taking the North Korea challenge seriously. In fact, today it is estimated that North Korea has accumulated enough fissile material for more than a dozen nuclear weapons. It has now conducted four nuclear explosive tests, as you can see from this chart, starting in October of 2006, and with it, the quake mag-nitude has risen with virtually every test. It has developed a modern gas centrifuge uranium enrichment pro-gram to go along with its plutonium stockpile. It has tested ballistic mis-siles. It is seeking to develop the capa-bility to match a nuclear warhead to an intercontinental ballistic missile. Kim Jong Un has consolidated his grip on power, and he seems deter-mined to proceed on a course of ‘‘byungjin,’’ Kim Jong Un’s policy that strengthens both his military and his economy as opposed to strengthening one or the other. Taken together, these developments present a growing danger that could set North Korea on a path to becoming a small nuclear power. It is a scenario which could lead other nations in the region to reconsider their own commit-ments to nonproliferation, and it could embolden North Korea in its relations with other bad actors such as Syria and Iran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.028 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES780 February 10, 2016 
I know it has been referenced, but I think it is worthy that when the Direc-tor of National Intelligence—the per-son in charge of amassing all of our in-telligence as a country—James Clap-per, in testimony before the Armed Services Committee, says the fol-lowing, it is worth repeating: 
North Korea’s export of ballistic missiles and associated materials to several coun-tries, including Iran and Syria, and its as-sistance to Syria’s construction of a nuclear reactor, destroyed in 2007, illustrates its willingness to proliferate dangerous tech-nologies. 
Director Clapper went on to say that following North Korea’s third nuclear test, Pyongyang said it would ‘‘refur-bish and restart’’ its nuclear facilities, to include the uranium enrichment fa-cility at Yongbyon—shut down in 2007—and that it has followed through by expanding its Yongbyon enrichment facility and restarting the plutonium production reactor which has been on-line long enough to begin recovering plutonium from spent fuels within weeks or maybe months. He told the committee: 
Pyongyang is also committed to devel-oping a long-range, nuclear-armed missile that is capable of posing a direct threat to the United States; it has publicly displayed its KN08 road-mobile ICBM on multiple occa-sions. We assess that North Korea has al-ready taken initial steps toward fielding this system. 
Finally, according to the Director of National Intelligence: 
North Korea probably remains capable and willing to launch disruptive or destructive cyberattacks to support its political objec-tives. 
Although it hasn’t received the at-tention it deserved during today’s de-bate, the Gardner-Menendez substitute addresses the cyber security threat with robust sanctions against those who control North Korea’s cyber war-fare apparatus. The adoption of the Gardner-Menendez legislation creates a new policy framework that combines effective sanctions and effective mili-tary countermeasures that can stop North Korea’s nuclear ambitions, ad-dress cyber security issues, and bring some sanity back to the political cal-culus—a new policy framework that leaves no doubt about our determina-tion to neutralize any threat North Korea may present, with robust, real-istic diplomacy toward the clear goal of a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. This bipartisan bill, approved unani-mously by the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee in January, expands and tightens enforcement of sanctions from North Korea’s nuclear and bal-listic missile development and other destructive activities of the Kim re-gime. It requires the President to in-vestigate sanctionable conduct, includ-ing proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, arms-related materials, luxury goods, human rights abuses, ac-tivities undermining cyber security, and the provision of industrial mate-rials, such as precious metals or coal, for use in a tailored set of activities, including weapons of mass destruction proliferation activities or for use in prison and labor camps. Under our substitute, the President is mandated to sanction any person found to have materially contributed to, engaged in, or facilitated any of those above activities. Penalties would include the seizure of assets, visa bans, and denial of government contracts. To provide some flexibility, we have ensured that this and future adminis-trations retain the discretionary au-thority to sanction any entity or per-son transferring or facilitating the transfer of financial assets and prop-erty of the North Korean regime. The bill also requires the Secretary of the Treasury to determine whether North Korea is a primary money laun-dering concern, and if such a deter-mination is made, assets may be blocked and special measures applied against those involved. From a strategic perspective, the bill would promote a strategy to improve implementation and enforcement of multilateral sanctions, a strategy to combat North Korean cyber activities, and a strategy to promote and encour-age international engagement on North Korean human rights-related issues. There are reporting requirements re-lating to these strategies as well as a report on political prison camps and a feasibility study on providing commu-nications equipment to the people of North Korea so we can permeate the opportunity for information to flow to the people of North Korea. Last but not least, under the Gard-ner-Menendez substitute, the State De-partment is required to expand the scope and frequency of travel warnings for North Korea. That is what we think about most of the time when we think about North Korea, but there is another dimension beyond nuclear challenges, missile challenges, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and that is the con-cern that there remain serious, unan-swered questions about human rights and the lot of the North Korean people. We need only read headlines like the ones on this chart: ‘‘Life in a North Ko-rean Labor Camp: ‘No Thinking . . . Just Fear’’’; ‘‘Kim’s former bodyguard tells of beatings, starvation in North Korean prison camp’’; ‘‘North Korean prison camp is one of the most evil places on earth—home to 20,000.’’ Under the rule of Kim Jong Un, North Korea is one of the most harshly repressive countries in the world. All basic freedoms have been severely re-stricted under the Kim family’s polit-ical dynasty. A 2014 U.N. Commission of Inquiry found that abuses in North Korea were without parallel in any other country. Extermination, murder, enslavement, torture, imprisonment, rape, forced abortions, and unspeakable sexual violence are part of the ongoing story of this bizarre regime. We know that North Korea operates a series of secretive prison camps where opponents of the government are sent and are tortured and abused, starved on insufficient rations, and forced into hard labor. Collective punishment is used to silence dissent and instill fear in the North Korean people that they could be next. The country has no inde-pendent media. It has no functioning civil society, and there is, of course, not even a hint of religious freedom ex-cept for the bizarre worship of the line from which Kim Jong Un hails. That is the reality, making it abundantly clear that, though security concerns may be our most important priority on the Pe-ninsula, they are not and should not be our only priority. The legislation we are proposing cre-ates for the first time the basis in law to designate and sanction North Korea for its human rights violations. Such sanctions would elevate human rights and the fundamental issue of human dignity to be as important as nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles. At the end of the day, there is no basis for successfully dealing with the North, absent a solid foundation for a policy that is rooted in the U.S.-South Korea alliance. In President Park we have an important partner. I have vis-ited South Korea and met with Presi-dent Park. He is someone we can easily consult with and work closely with to chart out a future course in dealing with North Korea. Our partnership with Japan presents new opportunities for building a more effective approach to dealing with Pyongyang. Whatever one’s views on the various U.S. policy efforts of the past 2 dec-ades—what has worked, what has not worked, and why—there can be little question that these efforts have failed to end North Korea’s nuclear ambitions or end its missile programs. They have failed to reduce the threat posed by North Korea to our allies, failed to al-leviate the suffering of North Korea’s people, and failed to lead to greater se-curity in the region. Let me be clear. I have no illusions that there are easy answers when it comes to dealing with a regime like North Korea. With the passage of this legislation, we have acted in concert not only in a bipartisan effort but with our values, and we will have estab-lished a policy for dealing with an un-predictable, rogue regime equal to the challenge. I urge this body to have a unanimous vote. It is not enough to condemn North Korea’s provocation, which is, by all accounts, a violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions and international will. It is not enough to convene the United Nations Security Council for another round of hollow rhetoric that does nothing to the Kim regime but signal a lack of inter-national commitment to enforcing international will. It is not enough to do what we have always done and mini-mize the obvious threat from a rogue state living in its own false reality. As the coauthor of the sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table, I know that the sanctions regime we are structuring here can have a real effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.029 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S781 February 10, 2016 
Those who want to deal with North Korea and North Korea’s pursuit of missile technology and nuclear weap-ons will see a consequence to them far beyond North Korea. With this bipar-tisan legislation, we have before us a series of meaningful steps that speak the only language North Korea’s re-gime can understand: aggressive, mate-rial consequences for aggressive, reck-less provocations. This legislation is the most com-prehensive strategy to deal with the challenge that North Korea presents. The launch over the weekend and re-cent nuclear tests makes it clear that when I introduced this bill last year, it was timely then. We didn’t get to act on it then, but we can do so now. I urge the Senate, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle, to unanimously pass the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act. I urge my colleagues in the other Chamber to concur, and I look forward to the President quickly signing this legislation into law. If the international community is se-rious about meeting the threat that North Korea poses, we should see meas-ures like this act adopted by the United Nations and implemented by all of its member states. The international community should stand together with a single voice and one clear message: Any provocation will be met with con-sequences that will shake the Kim re-gime to its foundation. That is the op-portunity we have to set the course here today in the Senate. I think one of the most powerful moments is when the Senate acts in a strong, bipartisan fashion that sends a message that will create a ripple effect not only here but across the world. I look forward to what I hope will be an incredibly robust, if not unanimous, vote on this legislation. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I thank Sen-ator G
ARDNER and Chairman C ORKER  for their leadership and tireless efforts within the Foreign Relations Com-mittee in dealing with the national se-curity challenges posed by North Korea. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I periodically re-ceive intelligence briefings on North Korea’s military capacity and the po-litical will of North Korea’s leaders to threaten the United States and our in-terests abroad. Based on these briefings and the extensive intelligence in form-ing them, I believe we need to embrace an ‘‘all of the above’’ approach to con-front North Korea’s continued develop-ment of ballistic missile, nuclear, and cyber technologies. These threats have become too serious to ignore and far too complex to confront with anything short of a coordinated strategy that is prepared to employ the full force of the United States Government, including all of our diplomatic, intelligence, eco-nomic, and military resources. As Americans, it can be easy for us to forget just how lucky we are to live in a free and open society. Most of us, myself included, simply have no idea of what it is like to live under a totali-tarian regime like the one that has kept North Koreans in a state of im-poverished servitude, cut off from the rest of the world for generations. But every so often the mask slips, and there is an event that gives the world a clue about what can happen when a na-tion-state operates and thrives behind a veil of mystery and secrecy. For me, and many of my fellow Utahans, one of these clues came nearly 12 years ago when a young man from Utah suddenly went missing in southern China. In August 2004, David Louis Sneddon disappeared while hiking in the Yunnan Province of China. He was 24 years old at the time and a student at Brigham Young University in Provo, UT. Having spent his summer studying Mandarin in Beijing, David wrote to his family about his plans to hike the scenic Tiger Leaping Gorge along the Jinsha River in southern China. That was the last time David’s family would ever hear from him. His passport and credit cards were never used again; they were never seen again. David Sneddon was never seen again. What happened to David Sneddon? To my knowledge he is the first American since the 1970s to go missing in China without an explanation. What hap-pened to him? How can a young man, who is skilled in a country’s language and knowledgeable of their culture, simply vanish without a trace? These questions have answers. For more than a decade, David’s family members, friends, and loved ones, as well as regional experts, reporters, and embassy personnel have searched for those answers in vain. For their part, local authorities point to the Jinsha River for answers. They contend that the lack of physical evidence sur-rounding David’s disappearance could indicate that he fell and was swept away by the river, despite the fact that his body was never found. Well, it is certainly possible for that to happen to an unsuspecting tourist hiking on un-familiar terrain, but David was not a novice outdoorsman by any stretch of the word. He was an Eagle Scout and an avid hiker who had years of experi-ence trekking over rugged landscapes across the American West. In recent years investigational re-porters and regional experts have sug-gested an alternative explanation of David’s disappearance. For instance, on April 25, 2013, Melanie Kirkpatrick, a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute and a well-regarded expert on North Korea, wrote an excellent article in the Wall Street Journal. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the The Wall Street Journal, April 25, 2013] N
ORTH KOREA ’SKIDNAPPERS AND THE FATE OF  D
AVID SNEDDON  (By Melanie Kirkpatrick) North Korea’s recent bellicosity seems to have subsided for the moment, but the re-gime’s malign practices continue. The United Nations Human Rights Council last month established an international commis-sion of inquiry into what it describes as North Korea’s ‘‘systematic, widespread and grave violations of human rights.’’ The com-mission’s mandate includes examining North Korea’s abductions of foreigners and the likelihood that some victims are imprisoned in the North. Pyongyang is believed to have kidnapped nationals of at least 12 countries. One such victim may be an American cit-izen. David Sneddon disappeared in China in August 2004, when he was a 24-year-old stu-dent at Brigham Young University. He was vacationing in Yunnan Province after com-pleting several months of study at Beijing International University and before return-ing to the U.S. for his senior year. Speaking in Tokyo last month about Mr. Sneddon’s disappearance, Keiji Furuya, Japanese min-ister of state for the abduction issue, told me: ‘‘It is most probable that a U.S. national has been abducted to North Korea.’’ The charge that an American citizen was likely kidnapped by North Korea is note-worthy in and of itself. It is even more so coming from a cabinet-rank member of the Japanese government about a citizen of an-other country. The minister added: ‘‘I would not like to speak further about it because it would be an intervention in the domestic af-fairs of the United States.’’ Japan is in a unique position to evaluate North Korea’s kidnapping operation, having investigated it for more than 30 years. North Korean agents infiltrated Japan in the 1970s and 1980s, snatched Japanese citizens and took them back to North Korea. Japanese traveling in Europe were also kidnapped. North Korea forced the abductees to teach Japanese language and customs at its spy schools so that its agents could travel the world posing as Japanese nationals. In 2002, the late dictator Kim Jong II ad-mitted to the visiting Japanese prime min-ister, Junichiro Koizumi, that North Korea had kidnapped 13 Japanese citizens. Kim did so in the expectation that his confession would pave the way for the normalization of relations with Japan. The move could have had the salutary effect for North Korea of at-tracting Japanese investment and reducing North Korea’s economic dependence on China. Instead, Kim’s confession inflamed Japanese public opinion and made normal-ization impossible. North Korea allowed five of the abductees to go home. It said the other eight victims had died, but the death certificates supplied by Pyongyang were found to be fake. Japan believes those eight victims—as well as oth-ers whom Kim Jong II did not acknowledge— are alive in North Korea. In recent years, Pyongyang’s kidnappers have turned their attention to China, where they have abducted South Korean humani-tarian workers. The South Koreans were tar-geted because of their work helping North Koreans escape on an underground railroad across China to eventual sanctuary in Seoul. This brings us back to David Sneddon. In addition to speaking Chinese, Mr. Sneddon is fluent in Korean, having spent two years in South Korea as a Mormon missionary. This unusual linguistic ability may have thrown suspicion on him. The Sneddon family be-lieves that David was kidnapped by North Korean agents who mistakenly thought he was helping North Korean defectors. Yunnan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.032 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES782 February 10, 2016 
Province, which borders Laos, Burma and Vietnam, is along the underground railroad’s usual route out of China. North Korean secu-rity agents are known to operate there, ap-parently with Beijing’s permission. At the time of David’s disappearance in August 2004, China told the Sneddon family that its investigation had concluded that the young man likely had a fatal mishap while hiking through Tiger Leap Gorge. That the-ory was disproved by facts uncovered by Da-vid’s father and two of his brothers three weeks after he went missing. The three Sneddons retraced the young man’s steps in Yunnan and found witnesses who reported seeing him during and after his hike through the gorge. The Sneddons have had their share of frus-trations in dealing with the U.S. State De-partment. A senior diplomat wrote the fam-ily last year that ‘‘Under the Privacy Act, we are not permitted to release any informa-tion about David’s case unless we have his written consent to do so.’’ The diplomat noted a health-or-safety exception but only if the family ‘‘has convincing information as to where the U.S. citizen is located or what his/her condition may be.’’ ‘‘We’re living a Catch-22,’’ says David’s brother, Michael Sneddon. ‘‘If our family had ‘convincing information’ as to David’s whereabouts, David would no longer be miss-ing. It’s absurd.’’ The Washington-based Committee for Human Rights in North Korea plans to file a Freedom of Information Act request for information on actions the State Department has taken on the Sneddon case, says executive director Greg Scarlatoiu. The Sneddons refute speculation that David may have disappeared voluntarily. He had purchased a plane ticket home, put a down payment on his student housing for the fall semester, and made arrangements to take the LSAT exam for entry to law school. His Beijing roommate, who traveled with him until a few days before his disappear-ance, says David was planning to go home. Last year, a Tokyo-based research organi-zation published a report citing new evidence that North Korea kidnapped Mr. Sneddon. A source in China told the National Associa-tion for the Rescue of Japanese Abducted by North Korea that in August 2004—the date of his disappearance—Yunnan provincial police arrested an American university student who was helping North Korean refugees. A second Chinese source told the Japanese re-searchers that the Yunnan police handed over the American to North Korean security agents. In both cases, personal details about the unnamed student correspond with facts known about David Sneddon. Seven Japanese parliamentarians traveled to Washington last May to present this evidence to the State Department and Congress. For one former Japanese intelligence offi-cial, the Sneddon disappearance is a case of de´ja`vu. The official, who asked not to be identified by name, compares it to the ab-duction cases he tracked in the 1970s and 1980s. ‘‘The evidence is always fragmented and isolated,’’ he says. Until Kim Jong II confessed to kidnapping 13 Japanese citizens, he notes, some in the Japanese government refused to acknowledge the abductions for fear of alienating Pyongyang. The former in-telligence official has looked at the Sneddon evidence and believes there is a strong possi-bility that North Korea kidnapped the Amer-ican. The U.N. commission of inquiry will spend one year gathering and evaluating informa-tion on North Korea’s abductions. Let’s hope it discovers what happened to all those who disappeared—including the American David Sneddon. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, Kirk-patrick’s research shows that David’s disappearance in China fits the pattern of foreign national kidnappings by North Korea in East Asia since the 1970s. While this might sound strange to Americans—because it is indeed strange to us as Americans—it is an issue with which the people of Japan and South Korea are tragically all too familiar. The circumstances of David’s dis-appearance add a level of credibility to this theory. For instance, the area where David was traveling is a well- known thoroughfare on an underground railroad for North Korean dissidents trying to escape to Southeast Asia. As a result, this area is monitored and pa-trolled by North Korean Government agents who were involved in the cap-ture of a high-level North Korean de-fector and his family in the area only months before August 2004. David was fluent in Korean, thanks to having spent 2 years serving a mis-sion for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in South Korea. He matched the profile of activists in this area who were thought to be assisting North Korean escapees. In a coincidental twist of fate, David disappeared only a month after Charles Robert Jenkins, an Army deserter, was released by the North Korean Govern-ment after having spent nearly 40 years imprisoned in the totalitarian state, forced to teach English to North Ko-rean intelligence agents. An American who spoke fluent Korean would be an attractive replacement for Charles Jenkins. Three weeks after his disappearance, David’s father and two of his four brothers traveled to China and retraced David’s planned steps through the Tiger Leaping Gorge. The results of their factfinding mission, including their conversations with local resi-dents, businesses, tour guides, and travelers have been shared with the State Department and detailed in an excellent piece by Chris Vogel pub-lished in Outside Magazine in 2014. One of the most compelling pieces of evidence discovered by David’s father and brothers is that several people, in-cluding a trail guide who had been hik-ing the Tiger Leaping Gorge around the time of his disappearance, remem-ber interacting with a young man fit-ting David Sneddon’s description. Da-vid’s family also met with the owner of a small Korean restaurant in the city of Shangri-La, a bustling tourist out-post with a convenient access to the Tiger Leaping Gorge. When she saw a photograph of David, the young res-taurant owner lit up. She immediately remembered David, and for good rea-son. Not only did David stand out be-cause of his fluency in Korean, but he reportedly visited the restaurant on three separate occasions over the course of 2 days while he was in that city. Indeed, according to the Outside Magazine article, the last time anyone saw David, which was on August 14, 2004, he was reportedly leaving a Ko-rean restaurant. At first glance, this may seem like a minor detail, but seen in the right light, it is, in fact, an omi-nous clue. According to many regional experts, there is a historical pattern of North Korean agents using Korean-run res-taurants in China, Japan, and else-where to prey on their targets for kid-napping and abduction. Despite these reports, there have been no further or more fruitful leads regarding David’s whereabouts. People move away or change their stories. Embassy and State Department staff move to dif-ferent assignments, and the trail grows cold. For nearly 12 years, along with his family, we have been looking for David. There are many people who de-serve credit for the contributions they made to this effort. In particular, I wish to thank Ambassador Robert King, the special envoy for North Ko-rean human rights issues and a long-time personal friend of mine, as well as his office, for the attention they have given to David’s case and the good- faith efforts they have made over the years to try to find answers. I com-mend Ambassador King for his work on this complex, sensitive, and very im-portant issue. There is still work yet to be done. An upstanding American citizen is still missing, and an aggrieved family—in-deed, an entire community—continues to wait and pray for a resolution, which is what brings us here today. The first and most important respon-sibility of the United States Govern-ment is to ensure the safety and free-dom of the American people at home and abroad. When American citizens travel overseas, the State Department plays a critical role in fulfilling this core constitutional duty. The amendment I am filing today— which I plan to submit as a stand-alone resolution with Senators HATCH , FISCH-
ER, and S ASSE—gives the sense of the Senate that the State Department, in conjunction with the intelligence com-munity, should continue to fulfill that obligation to David Sneddon and his family. A companion bill will be intro-duced in the House of Representatives by my friend Congressman C
HRIS STEW-
ART and the rest of the Utah delega-tion. The State Department’s responsibil-ities in this matter include inves-tigating all plausible explanations be-hind David’s disappearance and leaving no stone unturned in trying to return one of our brothers to his family. At the time of his disappearance, David had his whole life ahead of him. In fact, he was already planning for it. Before setting out to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge on that fateful day in August of 2004, David had signed up to take the law school admissions test— the first step toward applying to law school, he had arranged business meet-ings back home in Utah to get an early start on pursuing his dreams of entre-preneurship, and, eager to get back to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.002 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S783 February 10, 2016 
BYU’s beautiful campus, he had al-ready paid for his student housing for the upcoming fall semester, but he never had the chance to do any of those things, and the Sneddon family de-serves to know why. The greatest threat to totalitarian regimes in any part of the world is the truth; that the world may learn of the horrors they perpetrate every day against their own people and that their people may learn that there is a world full of freedom and opportunity beyond the ironclad borders of their enslaved homeland. It is in pursuit of the truth—about David Sneddon’s whereabouts—that I file this amendment today. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CUSTOMS AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
LEGISLATION  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to speak about a matter that will come before the Senate to-morrow when the Senate votes on whether to invoke cloture on the cus-toms and trade enforcement conference report. Last year, Democrats and Repub-licans in both Chambers of the Con-gress came together and said it was time for a fresh policy on international trade—a fresh, modern policy that I de-scribe as trade done right. At the heart of trade done right is a tougher, smart-er plan to fight the trade cheats who are ripping off American jobs. Now, the inventiveness of these ripoff artists takes our breath away. It is something I know a fair amount about because a few years back, as chairman of the Trade Subcommittee, we put to-gether a sting operation and in effect invited those ripoff artists from around the world to cheat, and we were just flooded—flooded with those who were interested in skirting the laws. They have extraordinarily inventive ways of moving their operations, concealing their identities, and shipping their products into our country through shadowy, untraceable routes. Some-times sneaking illegal imports into this country is as simple as slapping a new label on a box. We call it merchan-dise laundering, and we saw it again and again and again as we conducted this sting operation. So it is long past time to come up with a new and tough approach to en-forcing our trade laws. In my view that is what this debate is about and that is what the vote will be about tomorrow. The lingo of trade policy, as we call it, TPA—the trade promotion author-ity—what are the rules for trade and then the various agreements and what, of course, is being considered now, the Trans-Pacific Partnership—it is hard to keep track of this lingo under the best of circumstances. I think in begin-ning this discussion, what I want to note for the Senate is this is not—not— about the consideration of a new trade agreement. No trade agreement—no new trade agreement—is going to be considered by the Senate this week. What this debate is about is whether the Senate is going to put in place tougher, smarter, more modern trade enforcement policies, and when we have these policies, actually follow up on them and stand up to anybody around the world who is trying to fig-ure out a way to get around them. My view is that tough, smart trade en-forcement ought to be a priority for every Senator, no matter how they choose to vote on a particular new trade agreement. My bottom line is that past trade policies were too old, too slow or too weak to keep up with the trade cheats, but that is what this legislation is going to change. This legislation says those days are over. I wish to take just a few minutes to describe why I believe this package we will vote on is the strongest set of trade enforcement policies the Con-gress has considered in decades. At its core, what trade law enforce-ment is all about is rooting out the universe of scofflaw tactics that the cheats rely on. They use fraudulent records and shell games and sophisti-cated schemes to evade duties and un-dercut our American producers. For-eign governments bully American busi-nesses into relocating factories and jobs are turning over lucrative intel-lectual property. They spy on Amer-ican companies and trade enforcers, steal secrets, and then they lie about it in the aftermath, and they try to un-dercut American industries so quickly that our Nation has been unable to act before the economic damage is done. With the vote we are going to cast this week, we have an opportunity to say strongly and loudly that we are done sitting back and just watching our companies get their clock cleaned by trade cheats. This country is going to take trade enforcement to a new level to protect workers and businesses in Oregon and nationwide. In my view, the center of this effort is the ENFORCE Act, which goes after what I consider to be one of the biggest of the trade loopholes; that is, mer-chandise laundering. This is a proposal that a number of Senators have worked for years to get enacted. What it will do is put a stop to the evasion of duties that are put in place to protect our workers, protect our manufacturers, and particularly when it comes to the steel industry, a pillar of American in-dustry. The ENFORCE Act ought to be understood to be clearly a priority matter for those who work in the steel industry and the companies for which they work. Second, the legislation, once and for all, closes a truly offensive loophole that allowed products made with slave and child labor to be imported to the United States. My friend Senator BROWN has championed this issue. He and I believe that in 2016 and beyond, the Congress cannot allow for the per-petrators of slave or child labor to have any place in the American economy. So the old system that leaves the door open to child or slave labor, if it is used to make a product that isn’t made in the United States, that system has to end and with this legislation it will. The old system essentially said that when it came to child labor, in the past, economics would trump human rights. Economics just mattered more than protecting vulnerable children. Senator B
ROWN said: No way. That is a grotesque set of priorities. And we closed that loophole. It is closed, once and for all. Another major upgrade in this trade package is what I call an unfair trade alert. I have heard for years and years from union leaders, from companies and others that the trade cheats often try to exploit the fact that trade law enforcement moves along at a snail’s pace. What happens is that the rip-off artists break the rules. They hope the damage is going to be done before any-body in Washington catches on. That way the factory lights go out at the plant, and the plant is shuttered before our country does anything about it. What we have done with this new un-fair trade alert system is to ensure that there are going to be warning bells going off long before the damage is done. Next, the package includes an impor-tant initiative from Senator S
TABENOW  to mobilize the institutions of govern-ment into a permanent ongoing en-forcement center so that we have all hands on deck to fight the trade cheats. With Senator S
TABENOW ’s pro-posal we are going to make sure that when it comes to fighting the trade cheats, the left hand and right hand are working in Congress. The package creates a new trust fund for trade enforcement developed by Senator C
ANTWELL to drive America’s investment in fresh ideas and do it in a way that will help protect our workers and businesses. The proposal also ensures small busi-nesses and their employees are going to be able to find an easier path into the winners’ circle on international trade. It is going to lower the cost for a lot of small businesses in Oregon and nation-wide that import products into our country. For my home State, this ef-fort led by Senator S
HAHEEN , who has done great work on the Small Business Committee, is hugely important be-cause in my State, when you are done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.035 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES784 February 10, 2016 
counting a handful of big businesses, you have covered the big employers in our State. We are overwhelmingly about small business, and because of the good work of Senator S
HAHEEN , we are going to give small businesses more tools they can use to reach new mar-kets overseas. It is going to help guar-antee that all our trade agencies are looking for opportunities to help small businesses grow. I could go on with others. I think Senator F
EINSTEIN has done very im-portant work. For example, we have been looking for a model for trade- based humanitarian assistance. Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN ’s contribution has helped us secure that goal, and I appre-ciate greatly her leadership. When it comes to trade policies, envi-ronmental protections are a special priority for me and for Oregonians and for the American people. I want one judgment about this bill to be very clear as we start this debate. This leg-islation cannot and will not in any way prevent the United States from negoti-ating a climate agreement. Not only that, the package tackles some par-ticularly important environmental issues head-on. It directs our trade ne-gotiators to act against illegal fishing and fishing subsidies that destroy our oceans. It is going to help guarantee that the Customs personnel are better trained to fight the trade of stolen tim-ber from places like the Amazon. These are big improvements over the old playbook of trade enforcement. Many Senators on both sides of the aisle are very concerned about cur-rency manipulation. In the process of bringing this bipartisan, bicameral package together, it was clear that there were some differences between the Senate and the other body on this legislation and that the other body was willing to go only so far on currency questions. When Senators vote—and I know currency is important to them— I hope that they will reflect on the view that I am going to articulate. This legislation goes further than ever before to fight the currency manipula-tors. One of the major reasons it does is because of our colleague Senator B
ENNET . Senator B ENNET has been working with all sides diligently on this issue. He has clearly given us a policy that we can build on in the years and days ahead. I intend to work with Senator B
ENNET and all of our col-leagues on both sides of the aisle at every opportunity to head off the cur-rency manipulators, to stop them from undercutting American jobs and Amer-ican businesses. There is no question in my mind that this legislation goes sig-nificantly further than ever before to fight currency abuse and manipulation. Now, it has been my judgment for years that a more progressive approach to trade and stronger trade enforce-ment are two sides of the same coin. Last year, the Senate said loudly and clearly that future trade deals have to raise the bar for American priorities such as labor rights and environmental protection. Because of Senator CARDIN , we will now have a new focus on human rights. Now the Senate has an oppor-tunity to stand up for workers and businesses in Oregon and across the country by kicking the enforcement of trade law into high gear. This land-mark trade enforcement proposal ought to have strong bipartisan sup-port. Also included in the conference re-port is a permanent extension of one of the most popular economic policies on the books today, the Internet Tax Freedom Act. Former Congressman Chris Cox and I introduced this bill back in 1998. For nearly two decades, this legislation protected working fam-ilies, especially against regressive taxes on Internet access. Working families are the focus of this bill. Working families who use the Internet, for example, get information about employment opportunities and educational opportunities. They shouldn’t face a wave of new regressive taxes. Clearly, ensuring that they don’t get hit by these regressive taxes has saved our working families and our small businesses hundreds of dollars a year. But for all that time, this has been a kind of temporary stop-and-go policy that required its being renewed again and again. My hope is that, as Senators look at this bill, which in my view is the toughest trade enforcement law in decades, and move to the very new ap-proach that I call ‘‘trade done right,’’ I hope Senators will see that this legisla-tion also ensures that working fami-lies, senior citizens, and others of mod-est means don’t get hit by this big re-gressive tax simply when they want to access the Internet for the kind of in-formation so important to them, given a modest income and their desire to get ahead. With this legislation and its exten-sion running out this year, it is impor-tant for the Senate to act now so that you don’t have a situation again at the end of the year with the prospect of the Internet Tax Freedom Act expiring and working families getting hit with these regressive taxes. I urge Senators to support this pro-posal. There has been an awful lot of work done by Senators on both sides of the aisle to advance this legislation. I am particularly grateful to our col-leagues on the Finance Committee with whom I have the honor to serve. I will close simply by saying to col-leagues that this is not about a new trade agreement. It is not exactly an atomic secret. There are pretty strong differences of opinion about new trade agreements here in this body. This is about whether we are going to get tough with the trade cheats who are ripping off American jobs. This legisla-tion gives us the opportunity to do it, and I urge your support. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. OUR‘‘WE THE PEOPLE ’’ DEMOCRACY  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important words in our Constitu-tion are the first three words of that document: ‘‘We the People.’’ These are words that the authors put in supersized print to tell us that this is what our government is all about—and also, what it is not about. They did not start out this document by saying that we are a government to serve the ruling elites. They did not es-tablish this Constitution to serve the titans of industry and commerce. And they did not write our Constitution to serve the best off, the richest in our so-ciety—quite the contrary. The genius of America was a government designed, as President Lincoln so eloquently summarized, to be ‘‘of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ This Senator will be rising periodi-cally to address issues that affect Americans across our Nation. It is im-portant to a government of, by, and for the people to address issues that we should be addressing in this Chamber. Today I will use this time to talk about the challenge we face in climate change. Last month, scientists re-ported that 2015 was the single hottest year on record. NASA says that this past year was a full 0.9 degrees centi-grade. That is well over 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit hotter than the average during the 20th Century. Moreover, it rose significantly warmer from 2014, which was the previous hottest year on record—0.23 degrees Fahrenheit hotter than 2014. That is an unexpectedly massive increase in the challenge of global warming. These numbers come from the best scientific analysis. They take the com-bined temperatures from the land, water, and air to get a comprehensive picture of what is going on in our beau-tiful blue green planet. In total, 15 of the hottest years our planet has experi-enced while humans have tread this Earth have been in the last 16 years. These temperature records send a strong message to us, but there is also a message coming from what is hap-pening on the ground—the facts on the ground. We see the impact of global warming on our own communities. We see the impacts in terms of the pine beetle expansion because the winters are not cold enough to kill them off. We see it in terms of the red zone that comes from that. We see it in terms of the longer fire season—60 days longer in the last 40 years in my home State of Oregon. On the Oregon coast we are having trouble with oysters reproduc-ing because the first few days it is dif-ficult to form a shell with waters 30 percent more acidic than they were be-fore the Industrial Revolution. We see it in the Cascade Mountains, where the snowpack has been smaller. It affects our winter sports, and it certainly af-fects the runoff that serves our farms. We have had massive, difficult droughts in southern Oregon in the Klamath Basin. These changes are not just happening in Oregon. They are happening across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.037 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S785 February 10, 2016 
our Nation. They are happening across the world. This change is driving huge costs that can be measured in lost lives, lost homes, lost farms, lost busi-nesses, burnt forests, and billions of dollars in disaster relief. Scientists agree that we must keep the warming of our planet under 2 de-grees Celsius to avoid catastrophic im-pacts. We are seeing severe impacts now, but these will be nothing com-pared to what is anticipated if we allow global warming to continue. At this stage below 2 degrees Celsius or 3.5 de-grees Fahrenheit, we must pivot off of the fossil fuels to a clean energy econ-omy. That means pursuing energy effi-ciency in our vehicles, in our freight transportation, and in our homes. It does mean investing in renewable en-ergy, noncarbon electrical energy pro-duced by sunlight and by wind. The simple, sobering fact is this: En-ergy efficiency and renewable energy will not be enough to stop the warming of our planet unless we leave 80 percent of the currently known fossil fuel re-serves in the ground. That is a power-ful statement because there are enor-mous financial forces that seek to ex-tract those proven reserves, to burn those proven preserves, and in doing so will destroy our planet. You and I, fellow citizens, are owners together of a vast amount of fossil fuels, of coal, of natural gas, of oil. This is the oil and gas and coal that is underneath our public lands and water. We should use our ‘‘We the People’’ power to manage these fossil fuel re-serves for the public good, and the pub-lic good is to move away from an era where the U.S. Government facilitates the extraction and burning of our cit-izen-owned fossil fuels to a new era where the Federal Government, to-gether our ‘‘We the People’’ govern-ment, leads the transition from fossil fuels to a clean energy economy. As we face the threat of catastrophic climate change, the public good in regard to these fossil fuels is to keep them in the ground. When we do a new lease for the ex-traction of our citizen-owned fossil fuels, we lock in carbon extraction for 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, even 50 years into the future. That is unaccept-able. That is morally wrong because that extraction, decades into the fu-ture, will do enormous damage to our planet, to our forests, to our farming, and to our fishing. This is an assault, first and foremost, on rural America, and it is our responsibility to stop it. That is why I introduced the Keep It in the Ground Act. This legislation ends new leases for coal and oil and gas on public lands and waters, and it would drive a transition from fossil fuel extraction and combustion toward a renewable energy economy. Critics might argue that we cannot simply end consumption of fossil fuels tomorrow. They might point out that society still depends on fossil fuels for electricity and for transportation, and they might know the leases that have already been put out there provide ex-traction opportunities decades after this bill is enacted. That being said, it is all the more important that we not do new leases, that we not do new leases that empower more extraction decades into the future. Time is short and public lands and waters are citizen owned. Public lands and waters are the right place to start, and it is critical to the future of our planet. The success of this moment, the ‘‘keep it in the ground’’ movement, will depend on grassroots organizing. The grassroots stopped the Keystone Pipeline, which would have turned on the tap for some of the dirtiest fossil fuels in the world. Grassroots orga-nizing has driven the administration to suspend and possibly to stop drilling in the Arctic waters—drilling, which is the height of irresponsibility in the fragile Arctic region, and just recently grassroots organizing and energy has encouraged the President to put a pause on coal leasing to evaluate its climatic impacts. While these are important steps in the right direction, I want to encour-age our President to go further. Just as he has suspended new leases for coal, President Obama has authority to do the same for oil and gas. Last week I joined with nine other colleagues in calling on the Department of the Inte-rior to strengthen its climate commit-ments by dropping all new fossil fuel leases from the 5-year Outer Conti-nental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Pro-gram. I emphasize grassroots organizing as critical because this building on Cap-itol Hill is full of individuals, such as I, who have been elected, and in our elec-tions vast funds from the fossil fuel in-dustry are holding sway. So it is going to take citizens and a ‘‘We the People’’ government—of, by, and for the peo-ple—to be able to continue to drive what we all know is right. It will be es-sential to sustain and expand the ‘‘keep it in the ground’’ movement. Not so long ago, when individuals outside of this building were talking about ‘‘keep it in the ground,’’ and then inside this building we started to have that conversation, many said: It is just too much of a stretch. It is just too much of a paradigm change from the past, when we sought to lease out our fossil fuels, that this wouldn’t work. Where are we now? Not only did we have success in the Keystone, not only did we have success in the Arctic, not only did we have success in terms of suspension of coal leases, but we have a broader conversation about ending all of these new leases in each of these areas of fossil fuels on our citizen- owned property. Senator B
ERNIE SANDERS , who is a cosponsor of my keep it in the ground bill, said in November: 
We cannot continue to extract fossil fuels from Federally owned land. 
He continued and said: 
You can’t talk the talk and say I’m con-cerned about climate change. And at the same time, say we’re going to extract a huge amount of oil, coal, and gas from federal land. Last Friday Secretary Clinton called for banning fossil fuels or banning fos-sil fuels on public land a ‘‘done deal,’’ and she went on to say: ‘‘No future ex-tractions, I agree with that.’’ That is what she said. So we have come a long way in a short period, from action in three specific areas to the leading Presidential contenders on the Demo-cratic side calling for moral action to take on this threat. Moving forward, there are two op-tions before us. Our Federal Govern-ment can be a government of, by, and for the titans, and it can be complicit in digging our carbon hole even deeper and doing more damage to the land we love or our Federal Government can be the ‘‘We the People’’ government that was laid out by our Constitution, and it can lead this effort to manage our fos-sil fuels on public lands for the public good and work with our partners around the globe to save our planet. It has been said we are the first gen-eration to see the impacts of global warming and that we are the last gen-eration that can do something about it. So the choice is simple. Let’s move ag-gressively away from a fossil fuel econ-omy to a clean energy economy. Let’s work in partnership with the world to take on this worldwide challenge and let’s do the smart thing. When it comes to our publicly owned fossil fuels, let’s keep it in the ground. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President I rise to join my colleagues in condemning North Korea’s belligerence in East Asia. For decades North Korea has starved its people, sponsored criminal mis-conduct and cyber attacks, and bullied South Korea. In the last month it has violated numerous U.N. resolutions re-garding development of nuclear weap-ons and ballistic missiles. DNI Clapper recently stated that the regime is ex-panding its Yongbyon enrichment fa-cility and restarting the plutonium production reactor. These actions are a threat to the United States, our allies, to their regional stability, and they re-mind us that the Kim regime has no in-terest in abiding by international rules. The continued development of nu-clear weapons and ballistic missiles threatens our military forces in Japan and South Korea and poses a risk to Seoul, Tokyo, and other major cities in the region. While North Korea regu-larly exaggerates its capabilities, it is clear that its belligerence is unending and its technology is improving. This legislation will strengthen and expand the U.S. sanctions against North Korea. We should use every tool we have to increase pressure on the re-gime so it dismantles its nuclear weap-ons and ballistic missile programs, but it is not at all clear that they are re-sponding to direct pressure from our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.038 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES786 February 10, 2016 
own country. If there is going to be meaningful change in the security situ-ation on the Korean Peninsula, then China is going to have to exert more le-verage over its neighbor. While we certainly do not see eye-to- eye with China on many things, we can and must work together to address our shared concerns. China has a tremen-dous amount at stake too. Unfortu-nately, Chinese efforts to rein in North Korea have so far been underwhelming. In response to China’s diplomatic over-tures to stop the missile launch last Saturday, North Korea actually accel-erated its plans and launched its mis-sile on the eve of the Lunar New Year celebrations in China. If that is how North Korea treats its only ally, then we face an uphill battle, especially without China recalibrating its ap-proach and increasing its pressure. China must step up to the plate and recognize that dealing with the Kim re-gime now is better than dealing with it later. China ought to communicate to its ally that it is fed up with its bellig-erence and supports stronger U.N. sanctions. This is the way China will demonstrate its commitment to inter-national peace and security. The goal of this sanctions legislation is not to target the North Korean peo-ple. They are the victims of the Kim regime. They have borne the cost of these ballistic missile launches. One estimate is that it cost $1 billion for the most recent launch, which would have fed the entire country for a year. Our goal is to convince North Korea that working with the international community is preferable to being iso-lated from it. Since President Obama took office, the U.N. has adopted three major reso-lutions on North Korea’s nuclear pro-gram. President Obama has signed three major Executive orders, further sanctioning North Korea’s activities. I support these efforts, and we must do more. This sanctions bill will give the administration additional tools to squeeze North Korea to change its be-havior, but sanctions are not going to be enough. We need to reassure our al-lies in the region and provide the nec-essary resources to protect our forces in South Korea and Japan. After all, diplomacy is advanced when it is backed up by a strong defense. To that end, we need to do three things. First, we must continue serious discussions with South Korea about de-ploying the Terminal High Altitude Defense System, or THAAD, to defend against the missile threat. This has probably become a necessity because of North Korea’s recent actions. If it is deployed, we will have to reassure countries in the region that THAAD is intended to defend solely against the North Korean missile threat to avoid any misperceptions. Second, we need to pass a well-funded defense budget that provides for the readiness of the forces under Admiral Harris’s command at PACOM, through which General Scaparrotti at United States Forces Korea can keep our men and women ready to ‘‘fight tonight.’’ Third, we ought to explore new opportunities to strengthen our ballistic missile de-fense, including increasing the protec-tion of our forces in Hawaii and the Western Pacific by turning the Aegis Ashore Test Complex on Kauai into an operational site, a proposal Represent-atives G
ABBARD and T AKAI are working on with the Department of Defense. These are preliminary steps we can take to reassure our allies and forces in the region that we are committed to their security, and we should refine our thinking as the threat evolves. The sanctions bill reinforces that commit-ment and sends a clear message that it is time to step up all levels of pressure on North Korea to end its belligerence in the region. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, recent developments in North Korea should have raised serious concern. As we have heard over and over again in the Senate from Members of both parties, they have raised serious concerns. This weekend North Korea launched its latest so-called satellite into orbit. We know this was nothing but an at-tempt to conceal their development of ballistic missile programs that would actually check launch capability, not really launching a satellite. On January 6, North Korea claims to have tested a hydrogen bomb, which, if true, would significantly increase and advance its nuclear capabilities. Even if not true, they have significant weap-ons in what everyone in the world would understand to be dangerous and even unstable hands. In October 2014, the senior U.S. com-mander on the Korean Peninsula told reporters that North Korea has the ca-pabilities to put together a miniatur-ized nuclear warhead that can be mounted on a ballistic missile. Now we see them continuing to check that launch and missile capability. They al-ready tested atomic nuclear weapons in 2006, 2009, and in 2013, in all cases in violation of multiple U.N. Security Council resolutions and, frankly, in violation of the agreements they had made in the early part of 2003 and 2004. Nuclear experts have reported that North Korea may currently have as many as 20 nuclear warheads and that the capital, Pyongyang, has the poten-tial to possess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years. Combined with what appears to be growing sophistication in their missile technology, they have been seeking a way to represent a direct threat— something potentially disastrous in a nuclear way—to the United States and certainly to our allies in the region. They have shown capacity to pro-liferate nuclear weapons and tech-nology to other dangerous regimes and, we have every reason to believe, dan-gerous individuals. U.S. officials re-cently connected Iranian officials to North Korea and specifically men-tioned two Iranians who, according to the report, ‘‘have been critical to the development of the 80-ton rocket boost-er, and both traveled to Pyongyang’’ to work on this. According to reports, Iran might coincidentally conduct a nuclear launch later this month. Now we see Iran doing what it is doing, and we see Korea with the capacity to do what it is doing. Frankly, what we see in both cases, as well as Russia, are economies that are faltering, and people have every reason to wonder about those in charge of their government. The more that oc-curs, the more dangerous a government might be in an unstable country, try-ing to do everything they can to en-emies they feel they need to defend themselves against and people they need to advance against. We also know they have significantly increased their cyber capabilities. We continually hear from our intelligence community that a cyber threat is one of the greatest threats we face. We saw North Korea launch a cyber attack on Sony Pictures in 2014, which did incred-ible damage in many ways, including their ability to disrupt the critical in-frastructure of our country in the same way they were able to get involved in the cyber world of one major company. According to a November 2015 report by the Center for Strategic and Inter-national Studies, ‘‘North Korea is emerging as a significant actor in cyberspace with both its military and clandestine organizations gaining the ability to conduct cyber operations.’’ When we look at North Korea’s at-tempts to increase and/or exaggerate the potential they have with the weap-ons they have or their ability to de-velop those weapons and when we look at what North Korea is doing with their cyber activities, we see a contin-ually growing threat. The bill brought to the floor from Senator G
ARDNER ’s and Senator C
ORKER ’s committee, the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act, takes steps by providing the tools necessary to hold North Korea and its enablers accountable for what they do. The bill’s overall goal is to peacefully disarm North Korea through manda-tory sanctions that would deprive the regime of the means to build its nu-clear and ballistic missile program and advance its malicious cyber activities. Specifically, it mandates sanctions against individuals who have materi-ally contributed to North Korea’s nu-clear and ballistic missile develop-ment; individuals who have engaged in money laundering, the manufacture of counterfeit goods, or narcotics traf-ficking that would benefit those pro-grams; and individuals who have en-gaged in significant activities under-mining cyber security against the United States or foreign individuals. In addition to these sanctions, the legislation targets additional areas that would deny North Korea the re-sources it needs to continue its mali-cious activities. For example, the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.040 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S787 February 10, 2016 
mandates sanctions on individuals in-volved in trading minerals and metals that could be part of a nuclear pro-gram. This section would send a strong message, certainly to China, North Ko-rea’s chief diplomatic protector and largest trading partner. The things that could be used as sanctions would surely make China think twice about what they are doing with North Korea but also think twice about what North Korea is doing with the world. China purports to have a significant influence in North Korea. China purports to not want to see nuclear destabilization occur. This bill would be an incentive for China to live up to those claims. It has consistently failed to leverage its political or economic influence up until now. If China is getting serious about getting North Korea to change its behavior, we would like to see that happen. In a new view of sanctions, there is a waiver in this bill, as there has tradi-tionally been. The President of the United States will have a waiver of these penalties. But this waiver is much stronger from the legislative per-spective in that the President can only use the waiver on a specific basis and has to report, as I understand it, what that basis is. This measure also goes beyond the traditional sanctions regime because it requires the administration to put forth a comprehensive strategy to pro-mote improved implementation and en-forcement of how these sanctions would work and what they would do to combat North Korea’s cyber activities, to promote and encourage inter-national engagement on North Korean human rights violations, and to report back to Congress on what they found. There can be no doubt that other would-be nuclear regimes are going to be watching this carefully. We saw the lack of appreciation for U.S. commit-ment in the early weeks and months of the unfortunate Iranian deal. Frankly, the Iranians should and will look back at 2003 and 2004 and wonder why the agreements with North Korea didn’t work and wonder if we are committed to those agreements and wonder if we still are determined to stop North Korea when we see the kind of activi-ties we see today. This begins to send that message, but the required imple-mentation and reports will send that message in more aggressive ways than the Congress and consequently the country have before. Finally, we need to ensure that all U.S. forces deployed in the region are appropriately equipped with the most up-to-date surveillance and counterbal-listic missile platforms. Our regional allies—particularly South Korea and Japan—need to be assured that the United States is committed to both the stability and defense of all our partners and interests in the region. South Korea and Japan should also be encour-aged to undertake any self-defense measures that are necessary to aug-ment American forces already in the region. North Korea remains a serious threat to peace and stability in the region and the world. North Korea continues to be a bad example of what happens when the United States makes agreements and isn’t prepared to follow through on those agreements. The world is watching. I hope my col-leagues will join me in sending a clear message that North Korea’s provo-cations are not acceptable and that its continuing pursuit of illicit nuclear weapons will not be tolerated. We will get a chance to vote on that issue today. I hope we send a strong mes-sage. I hope the administration be-comes a stronger partner in this mes-sage than the messages we are failing to send right now on Iran. I think this is an important moment for the coun-try and the world. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, we have heard a lot of great discussion and debate today about the sanctions bill on North Korea. Of course, one of the issues that continue to come up is the lack of response from the United Na-tions. As they are considering and de-liberating what exactly to do with North Korea, I hope they will hear not only the words being discussed here on the floor of the Senate but also the ac-tions that are taking place around the globe and particularly in South Korea. We have long been aware of the Kaesong industrial complex. This is a look at it, somewhere just north of Seoul, basically right on the DMZ line, right in between North Korea and South Korea. It is actually inside North Korea, where this industrial complex is a joint venture, so to speak, a number of efforts from South Korea where they are funding manufacturing facilities using labor from North Korea. The purpose of this manufacturing center, the Kaesong industrial com-plex, was to create additional opportu-nities for North Korea and South Korea to come together economically and for them to perhaps join together in unifi-cation efforts as they continue to see that they can work together economi-cally. Earlier this year, in one of the first committee hearings I held in the East Asia Subcommittee, we heard testi-mony from Dr. Victor Cha, a professor of government at Georgetown Univer-sity. He is the senior adviser and Korea chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. We had testi-mony on North Korea several months ago—at the beginning of the year—as we focused on how we were going to ad-dress this challenge and the Kim Jong Un regime. In his testimony in the House of Rep-resentatives a few weeks ago, Dr. Cha talked about some of the steps that could be taken by the United States and South Korea to address this North Korea threat. He talked about asym-metric pressure points that we have which we can apply to try to bring peace to the peninsula. In his statement, he said, ‘‘A new ap-proach to North Korea must focus on those asymmetric pressure points.’’ Then he talked a little bit about the Kaesong industrial complex: 
Another useful asymmetric pressure point is the Kaesong Industrial Complex. A legacy of the sunshine policy, this project now pro-vides $90 million in annual wages (around $245.7 million from December 2004 to July 2012) of hard currency to North Korean au-thorities with little wages actually going to the factory workers. The South Korean gov-ernment will be opposed to shutting this down, as even conservative governments in South Korea have grown attached to the project as symbolic of the future potential of a unified Korea, but difficult times call for difficult measures. 
Again, this is Dr. Cha’s testimony be-fore the House of Representatives just a few weeks ago saying that this is an asymmetric pressure point and that if we were to address something to Kaesong, perhaps that could apply pressure to the North Korea regime to change its behavior. But because of the investments, because of the amount of work and the opportunities there, clos-ing that wouldn’t happen. It is not sup-ported by the government. This shows you how serious North Korea’s recent behavior has become. The testing of a fourth nuclear weap-on—they claim it is a thermonuclear bomb. We don’t have evidence yet whether hydrogen was there or not, but either way, as we stated before, it sig-nificantly increases their technical ca-pability, nonetheless, whether it is hy-drogen based or not. We saw recently a missile launch, a satellite launch that they used to dis-guise a test of an intercontinental bal-listic missile. South Korea believes this is such a serious situation that South Korea has now shut down the Joint Factory Park at Kaesong over the nuclear test and the rocket. Just a few weeks ago, experts said this wouldn’t happen, but the severity of North Korea’s actions, violations, con-tinued infringements on any number of U.S. sanctions and U.N. sanctions has forced South Korea to take the very dramatic step of closing this facility that they hoped could bring and be a symbol of further unification. Kim Jong Un and his reckless activi-ties, forgotten maniac of North Korea, is now responsible for the loss of em-ployment of 45,000 people in North Korea, and we wonder why there is no economic development taking place in North Korea. We wonder why there are limited activities. Because this regime is willing to put his own totalitarian regime ahead of the people of North Korea, placing them in political prison camps, torturing them, maiming them—hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children. So South Korea has taken a very se-rious step to express their displeasure with the actions of North Korea. The United Nations and the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.046 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES788 February 10, 2016 
both continue to discuss and impose sanctions. The U.N. delay is disturbing. We talk about China. We talk about the impact China could have on North Korea and their willingness to change their behavior and to denuclearize North Korea. We know China is respon-sible for somewhere around 90 percent of the economic activity of North Korea—right around 90 percent of the economic activity. We know trade, pre-cious metals, coal, and raw metals have resulted in about 70 percent of foreign currency in North Korea. That is another step this bill takes, a step to assure we are addressing any activity such as exports, coal, precious metals if the money derived from that goes to the illicit activities. That is why Kaesong was closed. That is why it was closed by South Korea, because they traced the money back from this industrial facility. The 45,000 employ-ees who weren’t making all the wages they were paying, a lot of that money was being siphoned off from the hard- working people of North Korea and given to the government and then used to fund weapons of mass destruction, nuclear proliferation. This effort that was used to try to unify the peninsula, to employ people, to find economic partnerships and opportunities was in-stead used by Kim Jong Un to further the building of billion-dollar rockets while his people starved, to further the efforts of nuclear tests while his people are tortured. This bill attempts to break through that curtain of silence in North Korea, providing ways to effectively commu-nicate with the people of North Korea, to show them what the outside world has to offer in freedom and opportunity if they were to escape the regime in the reign of Kim Jung Un. I think the clo-sure of the industrial complex in Kaesong is one further example of the steps South Korea is being forced to take as a result of these militant ac-tivities and provocative activities out of North Korea. I see Senator S
HAHEEN of the Foreign Relations Committee is joining us in this debate today. She was an active member of the sanctions debate on North Korea. I thank the Senator for being on the floor today, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from New Hamp-shire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am happy to join my colleague, also from the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, C
ORYGARDNER from Colorado, in support of the North Korea Sanc-tions Enforcement Act. This is legisla-tion that will help hold North Korea accountable for its dangerous weapons programs. I know Senator G
ARDNER talked about today’s news, North and South Korea, and in the past month we have witnessed a string of actions by the North Korean leadership that has dem-onstrated their determination to ad-vance the country’s nuclear weapons and long-range ballistic missile pro-grams. On January 6, North Korea con-ducted its fourth nuclear test, and just this weekend the country launched an-other long-range rocket. North Korea’s goal could not be clearer or more seri-ous. It is to place a nuclear warhead on an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States. Since North Korea’s nuclear program was first uncovered in the mid-1980s, the United States has led the inter-national effort to pressure the regime to abandon its nuclear activity. In large part, this pressure has come from the United States and United Nations sanctions. Although these sanctions have effectively halted most financial transactions between North Korea and the rest of the world, the North Korean regime and its benefactors continue to obtain hard currency to advance their illicit weapons programs. One way the North Korean Govern-ment finances its nuclear program is by laundering money in banks outside of North Korea—banks that until this legislation have not been subject to secondary U.S. sanctions. This bill will change that situation. It gives the Obama administration the ability to effectively cut off offending banks from the international financial system. When faced with this prospect, I be-lieve prudent actors in China and other parts of the world will cast aside those in North Korea who have supported its nuclear activity. I certainly hope so. Let me also mention a provision I have added during the Foreign Rela-tions Committee’s consideration of the bill. It is an amendment that makes clear that the new and powerful sanc-tions this bill authorizes will not come at the expense of those American fami-lies still searching for their loved ones who served in the Korean war and who have never come home. I especially want to thank a New Hampshire advocacy organization—the Coalition of Families of Korean and Cold War POW/MIAs—for working with me on this important provision. The coalition, led by Portsmouth’s Rick Downes, expressed concerns that the new sanctions in this legislation could inadvertently hinder efforts to find the more than 7,800 Americans still unac-counted for from the Korean war. Obvi-ously, no one here wants to interfere with this mission, and I am happy this final bill explicitly exempts POW/MIA accounting efforts from these new sanctions. NOMINATION OF ADAM SZUBIN  
Mr. President, I want to raise one concern that I do have as we are head-ing into a vote on this bill; that is, the ability of the Treasury Department to identify and target those who should be subject to these new sanctions because that is crucial to the success of this legislation and to our overall North Korea strategy. The debate we are having today pro-vides yet another illustration of why it is so essential to confirm Adam Szubin to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes at the Treasury Department. As the Under Secretary, Mr. Szubin would lead the Department in identifying and disrupting financial support to a range of actors that threaten our national security—North Korea as well as ISIS, Al Qaeda, Hezbollah, and others. Not only would Mr. Szubin be responsible for directly implementing a significant portion of the legislation we are expected to pass today, but he would also lead the Treasury Department’s efforts to rally international support for these sanc-tions. I think this last point is critical and sometimes doesn’t get a lot of atten-tion. Enforcing sanctions requires co-operation. It requires often nudging other foreign governments and finan-cial institutions to work within the sanctions regime. The lack of a Senate- confirmed appointee in this position undermines the Treasury Department and our efforts to build international coalitions to target terrorism and fi-nancial crimes. I am pleased the Senate is poised to pass the North Korea Sanctions En-forcement Act and increase the pres-sure on the North Korean regime, but I think it would make sense at the same time to confirm the person, Adam Szubin, who will be responsible for en-forcing those very sanctions. Wouldn’t it make sense for the Senate to strengthen Treasury’s hand as they work to make the sanctions as effec-tive as possible? Adam Szubin was nominated on April 16, 2015—301 days ago. Although the Senate Banking Committee held a hearing on his nomination back in Sep-tember, the committee still has not ad-vanced that nomination to the Senate floor. No one doubts Mr. Szubin’s quali-fications for the position. At his nomi-nation hearing, Chairman SHELBY  called him eminently qualified. Mr. Szubin has served in both Repub-lican and Democratic administrations. He has bipartisan support in this body. When we are all here—Republicans and Democrats—talking about the need to increase the pressure on North Korea in order to deny Pyongyang the re-sources it is using to develop nuclear weapons and the missiles it needs to target the United States, shouldn’t we be supporting a nominee whose job it is to do this exact work? I think the Senate needs to vote on Mr. Szubin’s nomination without fur-ther delay. I know he has the support of the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. As I said, he has bipartisan support in this body, and it is very disappointing that we can’t move him at the same time we are moving this bill. I hope the committee will change their minds and they will decide to take up his nomination and move it so we can ensure that the im-portant tenets that are in this bill to help address what North Korea is doing will actually be enforced. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.048 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S789 February 10, 2016 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, for some time now power has been gravitating from the legislature to the President. Many in Congress, including myself, have been critical of the President’s overreach. However, Congress bears some of the responsibility and some of the blame in that this body continues to abdicate and transfer our power to the President. Nowhere is this more ob-vious than in foreign policy. During the debate over the Iranian agreement to end sanctions, many con-gressional voices lamented that these sanctions were enacted by Congress and should not be unilaterally ended by the President without congressional approval. As many observers noted, Congress has only itself to blame. For decades now, Congress has granted the President national security waivers to just about anything. These allow the Executive to do what they want, to ter-minate sanctions or continue spending without any new vote of Congress. A good example was when Egypt was overtaken by a military regime. This was not a democratic government. This became a military junta. Our laws on foreign aid said Egypt should no longer receive foreign aid if they are not a democratically elected government. Yet the President continues to give foreign aid to Egypt because he simply uses a waiver we wrote into the legisla-tion. It is a mistake to continue to grant so much power to the Presidency, and by doing so, we have abdicated our own power. For decades now, Congress has granted the President national secu-rity waivers on just about everything. The waivers are so flimsy and open- ended that all he has to do is write a report, claim that it affects national security, and then he can do whatever he wants. Congress then complains that the President is overreaching. Yet we give him that very power. Looking back at the North Korean sanctions, we find that President Clin-ton removed sanctions by using the na-tional security waiver that Congress provided him. Furthermore, about a decade later, President George W. Bush did the same thing, relieving sanctions against North Korea by taking advan-tage of national security waivers. When we jump ahead to the Iran agreement, we find President Obama using national security waivers pro-vided by Congress to unilaterally re-peal Iranian sanctions without con-gressional authority. In fact, President Obama has utilized congressionally provided loopholes 40 times to remove Iranian sanctions. Everybody com-plains, and now we are going to do the same thing. We are going to write a sanction bill with the exact same boilerplate language that we had in previous sanctions bills, which will allow the President the leeway to end the sanctions if he desires. When we fast-forward to these new North Korean sanctions before us, the new sanctions bill does exactly what previous sanction bills have done; namely, provide the President with the power to simply claim any nonspecific national security claim to waive sanc-tions. Congressional critics of the Presi-dent’s use of national security waivers to end Iranian sanctions should decide now that they have no leg to stand on should a future President do the exact same thing with North Korean sanc-tions and decide to remove them with-out congressional approval. There are two examples of that—Clinton has al-ready done this, and so did George W. Bush. I propose that Congress take back their power. I propose that Congress not cede power to the Presidency, so I therefore ask unanimous consent to call up my amendment numbered 3301, which is at the desk. My amendment would remove national security waiv-ers and give Congress its power back where it belongs. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Is there objection? Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, reserving the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I thank the Senator from Kentucky for his passion on this issue. We took great care in making sure we devised a sanc-tions bill that was strong in terms of its effect on North Korea and that it eliminated any of the shortcomings of the sanctions we faced when dealing with Iran. I certainly agree with the Senator from Kentucky when he said that we faced a President willing to grant broad relief from sanctions in terms of national security waivers, and that is why we were very careful in making sure we constructed case-by-case waiv-ers in this act, the North Korea act. The President must investigate and ex-plain to Congress that there are no broad grants or wide swaths of discre-tionary ability to waive the sanctions. As I said, there are mandatory inves-tigations with mandatory reporting re-quirements, and so I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Who yields time? Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
WEEK  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, today I rise to honor 37 tribal colleges and universities operating across 16 States on more than 85 campuses, 5 of which are located in North Dakota. Thank you to the more than 20 bipar-tisan Senators, including Indian Af-fairs Committee Chairman BARRASSO  and Vice Chairman T
ESTER , who joined me in introducing a Senate resolution designating this week as National Trib-al Colleges and Universities Week. This resolution received unanimous support in the Senate last week, as it should. It shows that Native American issues and the support for education are part of this country’s treaty and trust responsibilities, and it continues to be a bipartisan issue. While we too often hear about the hardships Native communities face due to the geo-graphic isolation and insufficient ac-cess to resources, we should also high-light those who are doing great work to build future leaders and a future generation of leaders across Indian Country. We see so much of that hap-pening today at tribal colleges and uni-versities. Tribal colleges and universities act as unique community institutions that work to strengthen tribal nations and make lasting differences in the lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives. The tribal community colleges, tech-nical schools, and 4-year institutions plant resilient seeds of hope by sus-taining Native languages and building trusting and important tribal econo-mies. Supporting tribal colleges and uni-versities both upholds our trust respon-sibility and provides much needed re-sources for students. Signed into law in 1978, the Tribally Controlled Commu-nity Colleges Assistance Act supported tribally chartered institutions of high-er education to help uphold the Federal Government’s unique relationship with federally recognized Indian tribes. Today, TCUs like Turtle Mountain Community College and Sitting Bull College in my State of North Dakota provide educational resources to Na-tive students who otherwise surely would go without. But tribal colleges and universities don’t simply educate Native students. The American Indian Higher Education Consortium, a national network of this country’s TCUs, estimates that be-cause of the schools’ often rural loca-tions, more than 15 percent of the stu-dents attending these tribal colleges and universities are also non-Indian. Tribal colleges and universities offer students access to a well-rounded edu-cation from an accredited institution that provides knowledge and skills grounded in cultural traditions and values, including the all-important education in indigenous languages. This enhances Native communities and enriches both tribes and the United States by preparing students to suc-ceed in their academic pursuits as well as to enter a global competitive work-force. The results have been telling. In the 2012–2013 school year, 75 percent of graduates earned degrees, with 22 per-cent earning certificates. But while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.050 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES790 February 10, 2016 
this success is admirable, the tribal colleges and universities have been hindered by chronic underfunding. Al-though the Federal Government pro-vides funding to some minority-serving institutions at levels equal to $30,000 per student, tribal colleges receive lit-erally a third of that. When we look at average numbers, it is around $6,700 per student. Tribes and tribal colleges and universities have consistently figured out how to do more with less, but Con-gress should not shy away from its Federal responsibility. I wish to speak about my experience this morning meeting with a number of tribal students. We can give all of these numbers and the critical importance of making this kind of education acces-sible, but what we will never see is the hope and the opportunity in the eyes of these students. I can’t do that for my colleagues here. I can only tell their stories. I met a young woman who served our country in the military and after 10 years went home and discovered the opportunity to learn more about her culture and the opportunity to get an education at the tribal colleges. She said she wished she had known earlier. She probably would have gone to col-lege at the tribal college at Sitting Bull first before she joined the armed services. I met another young woman who told me of her early life of abuse and ne-glect. She said that after having two children and really no hope, she found a tribal college. In that tribal college she found not only an opportunity for advancement and the dream and the hope of becoming a lawyer someday, but she found a family. She described the faculty and the staff and the other students as the family she had never had. I talked to another young woman, who is 18 years old and literally home-less. She sleeps on a friend’s couch. The only family she has to nurture her is her tribe and the tribal college. She tells me—her words were this: I will be great. She would not have that hope, she would not have that belief, and she would not have that vision if she didn’t have access to education. She is going to be a nurse. And I can tell you she is already great, from what I have heard. So the stories go on and on and on. Because of the involvement in the tribal college at Spirit Lake Reserva-tion, we have a student now, who, for the first time, graduated with an engi-neering degree from one of our 4-year institutions. He started out at a tribal college—first engineer ever from that tribe. These are messages of hope in a world that all too often is a world of despair, a world of neglect, a world of abuse, a world of challenges for young people. But a tribal college gave them the foundation, the connection to their culture, the connection to a family and a group of people who cared about them, and an opportunity for some-thing better—an opportunity to be great, as the young woman I spoke with earlier said. So I am very proud of the work we have done to support the tribal col-leges. We need to do more. If we truly want to change the outcome and the paradigm for Indian people and for In-dian children, we must invest in Indian education, and that goes all the way from our Head Start programs all the way up to our programs for higher edu-cation. I want to give one last story. This past summer I attended the STEM edu-cation program for Native Americans at the University of North Dakota, and I met with a group of young people who talked about the difficulty of transitioning from the reservation into a major university—talking not so much about the challenges academi-cally but about the challenges of lone-liness, the challenges of the first time leaving what they knew and being the first generation in their families to ac-tually attend a 4-year college. One young man said that he was so home-sick and so shocked by the change in culture that he wanted to go home. I said: Well, did you? He said: No, I called my mom to tell her that I want-ed to go, and she told me she would knock me upside the head if I came back. A brave mother—so he said he did what his mother asked him to do, and he was graduating with a degree in, I think, geology or some applied science. That young man had a mother who kept him in that school. Many young people in Indian Country today do not have that kind of inspiration, and the great distrust people have for the out-side world gets embedded. So these tribal colleges help prepare these stu-dents for the next step. They are crit-ical for maintaining the cultural sig-nificance, critical for maintaining the pride that people have in who they are as a people, and then building on that for self-awareness, building on that for self-economic opportunity. I am proud to represent five great in-stitutions of higher learning in my State that are representative of the tribal colleges and universities. Finally, I wish to talk about the wonderful men and women who run those institutions and what they do. These are people with Ph.D.s. These are people with amazing degrees who could go anywhere, and they continue to provide leadership to their people. Without their leadership and their sup-port, these children would not have these opportunities. These returning vets would not have these opportuni-ties, and these older-than-average stu-dents, with the challenges in their lives, would not have these opportuni-ties. So please join with me in recognizing tribal colleges and universities but also to take a look at the disparities in terms of reimbursements that these tribal colleges and universities incur, and let’s make this investment. This is an investment in the lives and the changes we need to see in Indian Coun-try. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I wish to comment on the statements that have been made by my colleague and friend from North Dakota, who has been an amazing leader, a very strong leader here in the Senate since she came, trying to shine a spotlight on issues particularly surrounding our Na-tive American and Alaska Native chil-dren. We are working together on a mis-sion that really does help to drill down—to find those best supports that we possibly can for these children who in so many instances have been left be-hind. The Senator from North Dakota spoke about our tribal institutions and our tribal colleges as that next step to launch our young people successfully, while recognizing that we have oppor-tunities to grow and do better by our tribal colleges. I had an opportunity just yesterday to be visited by some students from Ilisagvik College, a small facility located in Barrow, AK. I had a chance to meet with two stu-dents, Olive and Jillian, from a very small village called Atqasuk. One de-scribed what it was like as a young stu-dent who wants that education—but just the idea that one would go hun-dreds of miles away to the big city in Fairbanks or Anchorage to pursue an education was simply not possible—and how these students have been given op-portunities in ways that perhaps they and their families never dreamed pos-sible. So I stand with my colleague, as we have stood shoulder to shoulder on so many of these issues that impact our Native children, our young people, their futures, and their opportunities, and recognizing that education can be that key to a better life and a better path forward. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, will the Senator from Alaska yield for a question? Ms. MURKOWSKI. Certainly. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, there is no better partner for me in this quest than the great Senator from the State of Alaska. We have spent so much time relating and recounting our experiences in visiting with Native Alaskans or, in my case, American In-dians, talking about the challenges and talking about what needs to happen and how we need to shed a light on not only the despair, so that we all are mo-tivated for change, but how we need to shed a light on the gratefulness and the great spirit that is happening. I know that my great friend has had those sit-uations where you just wonder how re-silient a young girl can be who experi-ences these kinds of challenges and this kind of abuse to come back and say: This is going to be a great future. So I wanted to thank the Senator from Alaska for her strong and abiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.060 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S791 February 10, 2016 
and great commitment to all the peo-ple of Alaska, and I want to thank her for her partnership. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I certainly appreciate the value of our partnership, and I know that we have a great deal of work ahead of us. Madam President, I come to the floor today to express my support for the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act and the substitute that we will be voting on later this afternoon. It is fair to say that the people of Alaska take great interest in this leg-islation, and it is not simply an intel-lectual interest. It stems from our ge-ography, quite simply. At its closest point, Alaska is 3,100 miles from North Korea. Let me put that in context with where we are here. The distance be-tween Washington, DC, and my home-town of Anchorage is 3,370 miles. So Alaska is actually closer to North Korea than I am to my home when I am working here in Washington, DC. We are talking about the main popu-lation center in Anchorage and in the Mat-Su Valley area in south central Alaska, which is about 3,600 miles from Pyongyang. Perhaps it is a little longer than a North Korean missile can travel today or even in the near future, but it seems to me that North Korea is com-mitted to advancing its nuclear capa-bilities. Its covert nuclear tests and the so-called satellite launch that we saw over the weekend appear to be pur-poseful steps in that direction. Just to give a little vignette about how Alaskans pay attention to North Korea—we all go around and visit schools around our respective States— I was at a middle school and I had an eighth grader ask me a question. When asked what was on anybody’s mind, what do you want me to know about, and how can I be a better representa-tive for you back in Washington, DC, the first eighth grader that raised his hand said to me: Senator M
URKOWSKI , what are you doing in Washington about this Kim Jong Un guy? This is an eighth grader. I am not going to suggest to you that perhaps Alaskan eighth graders are more attuned to politics around the world. The reason I raise this is be-cause around the dinner tables back home, people are talking about North Korea because our geography puts us within that range of sight, if you will. I use that term loosely, but when look-ing at the maps and understanding where Alaska is and where North Korea is and reading the news about what is happening with North Korea’s nuclear intentions, it causes Alaskans to be worried enough to be discussing it at the dinner table, and eighth graders are saying: What is going on? It is real for us. North Korea’s actions demand deci-sive action here in Washington, DC, in Beijing, and at the United Nations. The Washington Post editorial just yester-day noted that the Obama doctrine of strategic patience is no longer an op-tion. Mr. Kim seems to view that as a sign of weakness. He seems to fancy playing Washington off against Beijing, and neither capital can afford him that luxury, lest North Korea make fools of both. China has a major role to play in showing Mr. Kim the light. Mr. Kim wants the world to believe that he is smarter than all of us, and I would sug-gest that it is not in Beijing’s interest to offer him a porous border. The United States and our allies have been patient enough with the carrot. We talk a lot about the carrot and stick when it comes to engagement. But this Senator suggests that we have been pa-tient enough with the carrot, and now it is time to try the stick. The sanctions bill that we are consid-ering today is intended as a serious wake-up call to Mr. Kim’s government. The sanctions are severe and they are targeted at those who enable Mr. Kim’s regime to conduct business abroad. They are also intended as a wake-up call to Mr. Kim’s advisers, who enjoy a pretty comfortable status quo, thanks to their leadership positions. But life is going to be a little bit tougher under our sanctions regime, if we advance this—no more luxury goods, no more creature comforts, and, if we are suc-cessful, no more access to hard cur-rency—no exceptions. This is an important shift for our government with regards to North Korea. As I mentioned, out of geo-graphic necessity I follow develop-ments in North Korea very closely, and I have since I came to the Senate. I have had the opportunity over the years to spend time with U.S. officials who have assumed the very difficult role of trying to conduct diplomacy with North Korea. Almost without ex-ception, they have advised, when talk-ing about North Korea, to choose re-spectful language, to avoid threats, to find ways to allow one’s words and one’s sincerity to penetrate. We are now at that point where some are say-ing quite strongly that this respectful approach hasn’t really gotten us any-where with this regime. This Senator would suggest that we can be and must be very firm while at the same time re-spectful. Let me share a couple examples of some things that many of my col-leagues may not have been aware of. I had an opportunity this past Sep-tember to travel with a couple of my Senate colleagues to Svalbard, Norway. Svalbard is where one of the world’s global seed vaults is located. The seed vault is intended to preserve a wide va-riety of plant seeds from around the world in the event there might be some kind of widespread regional or world-wide crisis that would wipe out local crops and seed. It is nicknamed ‘‘the doomsday vault.’’ I had an opportunity to go into this vault and just observe what various na-tions have sent to the top of the world up there. In that vault we saw one of the few instances of North Korean international cooperation. We saw boxes of seeds from North Korea. There was a box that came in with over 5,700 plant crop seeds from that hermit kingdom. Just last month, North Korea signed the Svalbard Treaty, giv-ing North Korea access to the Svalbard Islands. We have also heard that North Korea has made use of the Northern Sea Route to assist with shipments to Rus-sia. I put this out there because what-ever reason there may be that North Korea signed on to this Svalbard Trea-ty and whatever the reason may be for its newfound interest in the Arctic, the point is that when the regime in North Korea sees that it is in its best inter-ests to cooperate internationally, there is a willingness to engage. But to this point, they have not shown a willing-ness to engage when it comes to their nuclear and ballistic missile pro-grams—at least not to any reasonable level of engagement where the terms are not dictated by the North Korean regime. Here we are today. We have a bill on the floor directed to North Korean eco-nomic sanctions. It is not about an in-vasion or the use of offensive weapons against the people of North Korea. It is about bringing about peaceful change, firmly and respectfully. In that vein, let me acknowledge that the people of North Korea are a proud, nationalistic people. Like all of the world’s peoples, they wish to be re-spected by others. Yet they are gov-erned by an intolerant and a very per-plexing regime that tolerates hunger and poverty when it is clear that there are other choices. If the people of North Korea were al-lowed to look across the border they would see an example of prosperity. They would see a strong commitment to traditional values. They would see family members with whom someday they would hope to reunify. None of the world’s nations are out to deny North Korea the opportunities for that prosperity, traditional values, and the reuniting of families. But we do rightly demand—and it is legitimate that we demand—that North Korea be a part of the community of nations. That means that Mr. Kim must aban-don these nuclear ambitions. I believe that it is important that our Nation be prepared for anything that may come our way. My home State of Alaska is host to our Nation’s ground-based missile defense capabili-ties. I was pleased to read in yester-day’s budget announcement plans to make a $1 billion investment in the ground-based missile defense system. Significant investments are also made in the Long Range Discrimination Radar, or LRDR, which is slated for completion at Clear Air Force Station by the year 2020. That radar is exactly what the words imply—a radar that will enable our missile defenders to take a really good long look and better discriminate between threats and junk. I am also pleased to know that the United States is working through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.062 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES792 February 10, 2016 
placement of missile defense batteries in South Korea. These investments provide an incre-ment of protection, but the truth is that they are second-best to a change in attitude coming out of Pyongyang. That is truly what I hope we will achieve through this sanctions vote today. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, today I wish to steadfastly support the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016. Before I discuss the merits of this critical legislation, however, I wish to congratulate the author of the Senate version of this act, the junior Senator from Colorado. The bill he crafted will reinvigorate our Nation’s efforts to thwart North Korea’s continued devel-opment of nuclear weapons and bal-listic missile technology. In addition, it seeks to further protect our Nation from cyber attack and begin to hold re-sponsible those who have committed human rights abuses against the people of North Korea. I also wish to commend the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for working together to shepherd this bill through their committee with strong bipartisan support. Once again the Senate turns its at-tention to confront one of the most atrocious regimes of the modern era: the so-called Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea—or North Korea. In-stead of working to create the workers’ paradise, which is purported to be one of the autocratic regime’s primary ob-jectives, millions have starved as part of North Korea’s policy of placing the military first. But make no mistake, the threat posed by North Korea is not an incon-sequential concern about the domestic affairs of a distant land. On January 6, the regime conducted a subterranean nuclear weapons test, claiming to have detonated a hydrogen bomb for the first time. Even Russia decried the test as ‘‘a flagrant violation of inter-national law and existing UN Security Council resolutions.’’ Then, this past weekend, the North Korean satellite launched on Sunday passed almost directly over the sta-dium where the Super Bowl was played an hour after the game, according to press reports. This hostile act is even more disconcerting when we remember that the technology to launch such a satellite into orbit is virtually iden-tical to what is required to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile with a warhead. Unfortunately, these provocative acts are only part of a recurring pat-tern orchestrated by North Korea over the past several years. The pattern of closely pairing a nu-clear test with rocket launches began in 2006, when the regime fired seven ballistic missiles, including the long- range Taepo Dong-2. Three months later, North Korea conducted its first underground nuclear test. These hostile acts prompted the U.N. Security Council to adopt, under Chap-ter VII, Resolution 1695—condemning the missile launch—and Resolution 1718—demanding that North Korea re-frain from further nuclear tests and imposing sanctions on the regime. Once again, in 2009, North Korea car-ried out a virtually identical pairing of rocket and nuclear tests. In April of that year, the rogue state launched a three-stage Unha-2 rocket. One month later, Pyongyang conducted another underground nuclear test. This second round of nuclear and rocket tests elic-ited U.N. Security Council Resolution 1874, which expanded sanctions, inten-sified inspections to prevent prolifera-tion, and barred further missile tests. Unfortunately, Pyongyang was not deterred and repeated its weapon and rocket pairing in late 2012 and early 2013. Specifically, in December 2012, the newly installed Kim Jung-un ordered the launch of another Unha-3 rocket. Two months later, North Korea con-ducted another underground nuclear test. The U.N. Security Council re-sponded in kind with Resolution 2087— strengthening sanctions related to the missile launch—and Resolution 2094— tweaking sanctions related to North Korea’s nuclear program. In addition to the now-cyclical pair-ing of rocket launches and nuclear tests, North Korea has assumed the role of a petulant child in a variety of other areas. For example, North Korea has directly violated both the Korean Armistice Agreement and article 2 of the U.N. Charter by taking kinetic military action against South Korea. In 2010 alone, North Korean forces sunk a South Korean patrol ship—ac-cording to a multinational commission that investigated the incident—and separately fired artillery rounds at a South Korean island, killing two Ko-rean Marines and injuring 17 others. North Korea has also been guilty of repeated acts of proliferation to rogue states around the world. The Wash-ington Post and the New York Times reported that, in 2004, Libya received uranium hexafluoride of suspected North Korean origin. Similarly, the Of-fice of the Director of National Intel-ligence revealed that North Korea as-sisted the Assad regime in constructing a nuclear reactor in northern Syria that Israeli forces destroyed in 2007. I recite this partial history so that there is no misunderstanding. North Korea earned international condemna-tion not merely for its recent trans-gressions, but for countless bad deal-ings over the last decade. Unfortu-nately, previous U.N. resolutions and the sanctions imposed by our own gov-ernment have not achieved the desired result of terminating North Korea’s re-calcitrant activity. That is why the junior Senator of Colorado’s legislation is so important. It provides our sanctions with greater teeth. It mandates sanctions on indi-viduals who have materially contrib-uted to North Korea’s nuclear and bal-listic missile program. I also think it is important to pause here to notice that, unlike North Ko-rean autocrats who have imposed their will on the North Korean people by sending vast numbers to forced labor camps and early graves, the United States’ sanctions are directed only at those who facilitate violations of inter-national law. In sum, North Korea’s repression is indiscriminate. Our sanctions are fo-cused on punishing the guilty. Accord-ingly, the junior Senator’s legislation requires the administration to identify human rights abusers in North Korea and direct sanctions against them. The bill also addresses one of the growing threats to our nation: cyber attack. Therefore, the administration is tasked to devise a strategy to con-front and counter North Korea’s cyber attacks against the United States. It also directs the executive branch to designate sanctions against those re-sponsible for these belligerent acts. This is an important piece of legisla-tion which tightens the ring of deter-rence against a regime that continues to defy international law. This bill’s objective is not to needlessly interfere in the affairs of a foreign nation; rath-er, it is to provide a tool to force an ag-gressor into compliance with inter-national law and to deter North Korea from committing hostile acts not only against the United States and its al-lies, but also against the North Korean people. I urge the prompt passage of this legislation. Mr. REED. Madam President, today I join my colleagues in supporting the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016. This legislation will send a strong message to the North Korean regime that there are consequences to its dangerous and de-stabilizing activities on the Korean pe-ninsula. Just in the past month, North Korea has conducted its fourth nuclear weapon test and launched a satellite into orbit, both of which violate sev-eral United Nations Security Council resolutions. The bipartisan bill before us makes clear that Congress will not tolerate the North Korean regime’s continuing and flagrant violations of international law. This bill is comprehensive and ad-dresses a number of important con-cerns. First, it prohibits defense ex-ports to North Korea and withholds foreign assistance to those govern-ments that provide lethal military equipment to the government of North Korea. Second, it codifies and makes mandatory important cyber security sanctions under Executive Orders 13681 and 13694 that are essential to coun-tering North Korea’s dangerous cyber attacks, like the one perpetrated against Sony Pictures Entertainment in November 2014. Third, it includes sanctions on individuals who know-ingly engage in the serious human rights abuses that are perpetuated by the regime against its own people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.063 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S793 February 10, 2016 
I would like to commend my col-leagues from the Banking and Foreign Relations Committees who have worked to move this legislation for-ward. It is critical that we use all of our diplomatic and legal resources to further restrict North Korea’s ability to fund its nuclear weapons and bal-listic missile programs. I urge my colleagues to support adop-tion of this important legislation. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I wish to speak in support of the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act. Last week, North Korea launched a space satellite into orbit in direct vio-lation of U.N. sanctions. Last month, North Korea tested its fourth nuclear bomb since 2006. North Korea’s steady march toward expanding its nuclear ar-senal continues unabated. Even more troubling is North Korea’s willingness to sell its nuclear and ballistic missile technology to the highest bidder, as demonstrated by its previous coopera-tion with Iran. The North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act is an appropriate and timely measure to expand U.S. sanctions against not only North Korea, but also those that facilitate North Korea’s il-licit and nefarious activities. In doing so, this legislation will deliver the message to the North Korean regime that its continued development and proliferation of nuclear weapons, mate-rial, and delivery systems will not be tolerated. At the same time, the United Nations Security Council must address this issue with the same sense of urgency, unity, and commitment that the House has shown and the Senate will dem-onstrate in passing this bill later today. First, U.N. member countries must fully understand and implement the many existing sanctions against North Korea already on the books. Unless they do, the sanctions will never work. The United States has minimal trade with North Korea, whereas China, a permanent member of the U.N. Secu-rity Council, accounts for 70 percent of all of North Korea’s economic trade. Yesterday, a new report released by a panel of U.N. experts found that North Korea continues to evade international sanctions because the sanctions have been seldom implemented, and some countries do not fully understand their obligations under the relevant U.N. Se-curity Council resolutions. In other in-stances, there is simply a lack of polit-ical will to enforce the sanctions. This has to stop for sanctions to be effective against North Korea. Second, the U.N. Security Council must adopt new sanctions to dem-onstrate to the North Korean regime that further violations of U.N. sanc-tions will not be tolerated. Even though North Korea has continued to evade sanctions for the past decade, the response at the United Nations should be to identify the ways to make sanctions more effective and targeted rather than to walk away from sanc-tions entirely. We know sanctions can work because they have before. In 2005, the U.S. Treasury Department froze $24 million in North Korean accounts important to the regime at the Banco Delta Asia bank. As a result of this action, which was taken pursuant to authority Con-gress provided in the USA PATRIOT Act, the North Koreans returned to the six-party nuclear talks. They stayed at the talks until the frozen assets were released 2 years later. The bill we are considering today re-quires the Department of the Treasury to reevaluate whether North Korea should be considered a primary money- laundering concern, which would per-mit the President to enact the same type of sanctions that brought the North Koreans back to the negotiating table 10 years ago. I urge the Treasury Department to complete this review as quickly as possible so that the Presi-dent has at his disposal the full array of options to persuade, coerce, and ef-fectively contain the dangerous North Korean regime. I thank Chairman C
ORKER and Rank-ing Member C
ARDIN for bringing this measure to the floor, and I thank Sen-ator G
ARDNER and Senator M ENENDEZ  as well for their extensive work on this legislation to address the nuclear threat posed by the erratic and unsta-ble North Korean regime. I urge my colleagues to support this vital, bipartisan legislation. ∑Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, the totalitarian state of North Korea is becoming more belligerent by the day. In January, the country detonated its fourth nuclear bomb since 2006—which the North Korean military claims was a small hydrogen bomb. Just last week, the country launched a rocket carrying a satellite into space, foreshadowing the possible development of a long- range ballistic missile capable of deliv-ering a nuclear payload. According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper, North Korea recently ex-panded a uranium enrichment facility and restarted a plutonium reactor that could start recovering material for nu-clear weapons within months or even weeks. I am deeply concerned by these actions. We must exhaust every diplomatic option we have to pressure North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program, halt its aggressive military posturing with South Korea, and ad-here to the tenets of international human rights law. That is why I strongly support the bipartisan effort to strengthen sanctions on the rogue North Korean regime. These sanctions are an important tool in resolving the growing threat from Pyongyang. The legislation before the Senate would help prevent North Korea from obtaining goods or tech-nology related to nuclear weapons, ban foreign assistance to any country that provides lethal military equipment to North Korea, and target the country’s trade in key industrial commodities. These steps are absolutely essential if we are to achieve our longstanding mission to end the North’s nuclear weapons program. Certainly, sanctions are far preferable to preemptive mili-tary force, which I strongly oppose. In addition to sanctions, the U.S. must work with the few nations that have diplomatic and economic rela-tionships with North Korea—namely China—to pressure Kim Jong Un to stop threatening the stability of the re-gion and join the community of na-tions. While China may have been a steadfast ally of North Korea’s in the past, China now has far more shared in-terests with the U.S. than with Pyongyang. It is time to make resolv-ing the Korean peninsula conflict a top diplomatic goal in terms of our own re-lationship with China. I am pleased to see that the sanc-tions bill includes a waiver to allow hu-manitarian organizations to deliver much needed relief to ordinary North Korean citizens and authorizes $2 mil-lion for humanitarian assistance. Sanc-tions come at a cost, and we must do everything possible to make sure the North Korean people—who already suf-fer so much under Kim Jong Un—do not pay an even greater price. While I will be necessarily absent for the expected bipartisan passage of the bill, I strongly support the North Korea sanctions legislation.∑ Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, today the Senate will vote on the North Korean Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act, a bill I am proud to co-sponsor with my colleague from Colo-rado, Senator C
ORYGARDNER . This leg-islation mandates new sanctions on North Korea’s ballistic missile and nu-clear program, targets cyber criminals and officials involved in censorship, and addresses the regime’s long history of human rights abuses. The recent rocket launch and the fourth nuclear test by North Korea last month is a stark reminder that it is a rogue state, under unstable leadership that will stop at nothing until it fully realizes its nuclear ambitions. The cur-rent policy of ‘‘strategic patience’’ has yielded nothing more than a flagrant testing of American resolve around the globe and a weakening of our Nation’s credibility. North Korea’s recent provocations have acknowledged that reality. Congress must act and do so loudly. Now, more than ever, we need to send a message to North Korea that reassures our allies, forewarns our ad-versaries, and puts the world on notice. This legislation accomplishes that. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, we have a very significant vote coming up, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.025 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES794 February 10, 2016 
and people are not talking about it as much as they should. We had a hearing, and, of course, the Chair was there at the hearing, where we had James Clap-per talking about the threat that we are faced with here in the United States. James Clapper—just to remind peo-ple—has been around as the chief intel-ligence director or involved with intel-ligence in hearings in Washington for 43 years. This guy knows what he is talking about. He made a statement yesterday that we have never been in as high of a threat position in all of the 43 years that he has been there. In fact, there was an article released yesterday where it was stated that ‘‘North Korea had expanded its produc-tion of weapons-grade nuclear fuel, making clear that the Obama adminis-tration now regarded the reclusive gov-ernment in Pyongyang, rather than Iran, as the world’s most worrisome nuclear threat.’’ That threat is real. We all recall when Kim Jong Un replaced his father, and as bad as his father was, he was at least a little more dependable in terms of predictability than Kim Jong Un. Just yesterday it was reported that he killed the chief of his general staff. It was a year ago that he did the same thing. So if someone disagrees with him, they execute him. Under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, North Korea has repeatedly violated Security Council resolutions regarding weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them. Since assuming power in 2012, his regime has conducted satellite launches in December 2012, and in February 2016 continues to de-velop it’s ballistic missile program. It has conducted missile tests from sev-eral launched locations, and he has conducted nuclear tests in February of 2013 and January 2016, so he just con-tinued all the way through it. All of these things are in violation of the U.N. Security Council resolutions. North Korea also continues to be in-volved in criminal activities around the world to include cyber attacks against organizations and govern-ments. This bill that we are going to be considering—the passage of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act that we will be voting on— toughens the sanctions against North Korea by authorizing comprehensive sanctions against countries, compa-nies, and individuals who engage in certain trade with North Korea. This is something that is a fairly re-cent attempt to get compliance with the arrangements that are being made by saying to a country: If you continue to do business in North Korea, then we will have sanctions against your coun-try. This is something that has worked to a degree in Iran. It is a system that should be set up, and we will have the opportunity to do that this afternoon. If anyone engages in trade with North Korea, as well as those deter-mined to be responsible for human rights abuses, money laundering, coun-terfeiting, or undermining cyber secu-rity, this bill demonstrates America’s resolve in holding North Korea respon-sible for its actions, along with those countries, organizations, and individ-uals who are assisting them. Of course, it is very significant that we go ahead and move forward with this, get this passed today, and send a very clear message, not just to North Korea but to all of those countries who might be tempted to be trading with them that they could be subject to the same sanctions. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I know we have a little shift taking place, but I thank Senator I
NHOFE for his staunch national security support and certainly support of this legislation. I appreciate his comments, and I think we are going to have a successful day today in doing something that is important. I think you know the administration has tried to work with the U.N. Secu-rity Council to get them to impose sanctions, as you would think they would wish to do. China has been the holdup there. You would think as a next-door neighbor they would be most apt to want sanctions and other ac-tions to be put in place to push back against North Korea. This is something that is important that we are doing in a proactive way, and hopefully it will spur other actions down the road. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? Mr. CORKER. I yield to the Senator. Mr. INHOFE. It was January 7 of 2013 that I was there on the DMZ. That is the largest active DMZ that is out there now—160 miles long, 2 miles wide. Even at that time, we were talking about the necessity of immediately getting sanctions in there to stop the threats. Because our intelligence— while it can be good and it cannot be so good, still there is speculation that they had that capability, and that ca-pability has to be stopped. I applaud the Senator and his team for moving forward with this issue. Mr. CORKER. I thank Senator I
NHOFE . I think most Americans, un-like my colleague, don’t realize we still have 28,500 troops there. It is an area where easily something can get out of hand. So, again, I thank him for his support and for being here today. I know Senator F
EINSTEIN now has the floor. I yield to our distinguished colleague, Senator F
EINSTEIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I thank the chairman very much. I want Senator C
ORKER to know that I fully support his committee’s recommenda-tion and believe the time has come to enforce and place some sanctions against North Korea. I think we all judge the world’s lead-ers based on their actions and their stated intentions. To me there is no question that Mr. Kim’s intentions are adverse to the well-being of our coun-try. As a citizen of the western United States and a Senator representing nearly 40 million people in California, this is all very alarming, and it should alarm the world. If you take stock of North Korea’s re-cent actions and their capabilities, the cause for concern is apparent. On Janu-ary 6 of this year, North Korea deto-nated its fourth nuclear device. Re-gardless of whether it was a hydrogen bomb or not, Mr. Kim’s intention is clear: he seeks a nuclear arsenal. Unfortunately, the measures the international community have adopted to date have been insufficient to stop him. In October of 2006, the North Ko-reans first detonated a device which had an estimated yield of less than 1 kiloton. In May of 2009, they detonated a second device, roughly 2 kilotons. In February 2013, they detonated a third device, 6 kilotons to 7 kilotons, and the one this year was the fourth. I would not be surprised if their most recent test had a greater yield than the last. Not only have North Korean weapons become more lethal, but their stock-pile has likely increased over time. Ac-cording to a February 2015 analysis by the Institute for Science and Inter-national Security, North Korea has be-tween 15 and 22 nuclear weapons. By the end of 2014, and they could have 20 to 100 nuclear weapons. That is deeply troubling, especially as North Korea continues to make advances in their missile program. Again, experts at the Institute for Science and International Security have warned that North Korea likely has the capability to mount a nuclear warhead on its medium-range missiles. Most of Japan and all of South Korea, each of which hosts tens of thousands of U.S. military and civilian personnel, are easily in range. And just this past weekend, they again tested an ICBM under the guise of placing a sat-ellite in space. According to various re-ports, North Korea tested a three-stage likely Taepodong–2 rocket, which, in fact, did place a satellite into orbit. Again, to me, the intention is clear. They want to build a missile capable of reaching the United States. An ICBM on a launch pad is vulner-able to attack. So to evade this vulner-ability, North Korea appears also to be developing a road-mobile ICBM, the KN–08, which it is estimated can reach the United States. In April of this past year, ADM Bill Gortney, the head of the North Amer-ican Aerospace Defense Command, said: ‘‘We assess that it [the KN–08] is operational today’’ and that the mobile nature of the KN–08 makes it a difficult target. Gortney also said: ‘‘Our assessment is that they [the North Koreans] have the ability to put a nuclear weapon on a KN–08 and shoot it at the [U.S.] homeland.’’ It is not just the nuclear weapons and missile program that give me pause. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.064 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S795 February 10, 2016 
the last several years, North Korea has committed highly provocative acts. North Korea chose to sink a South Ko-rean naval vessel in 2010, killing 46 sol-diers. It has shelled South Korean is-lands and planted mines along the DMZ that maimed South Korean soldiers. It has undertaken sophisticated cyber at-tacks against U.S. companies, Sony Pictures, and South Korean banks. Previously, North Korea walked away from the 1994 Agreed Framework and withdrew from the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty. Most recently, it has repeatedly flouted U.N. Security Council resolutions and proliferated weapons of mass destruction tech-nologies. With respect to its own human rights record, a 2014 United Nations Human Rights Council report makes clear that North Korea’s leaders should be pros-ecuted for crimes against humanity. The United Nations has found that North Korea is committing systematic, widespread and gross human rights vio-lations against its own people. The re-gime selectively distributes food to privileged individuals and routinely uses starvation to punish dissent. Tor-ture, forced disappearances, and inhu-mane detention conditions are routine. In the past, the regime even jailed three generations of dissidents on the concept of guilt by association. In its prison camps alone, the United Nations estimates that hundreds of thousands of dissidents have died. One anecdote from the U.N.’s report demonstrates the total and diabolical suffering put upon the North Korean people under this regime. Ordinary Ko-reans must go to extraordinary lengths to survive, including prostitution, theft, and smuggling. A U.N. investigator was told of an in-stance when a woman was pulled off a train, and a dead, small child—no more than 2 years old—was strapped to her back. State security suspected the woman was smuggling copper but could find no evidence. After interrogating the woman for some time, they asked her to place her child on a desk before them. The woman then broke down and began to cry. When she finally placed the quiet, dead child on the desk, the officials no-ticed its stomach was red. They then opened the child’s stomach and found about 2 kilograms of copper inside. To survive, this woman was forced to smuggle copper in her own dead child’s stomach. No mother anywhere on Earth should be forced to such ex-tremes. When it comes to the international response to North Korea and its pro-vocative behavior, I very much regret that China has not seen fit to do more. In my view, China, in its size and capa-bility, has the ability to rein in North Korea and is probably the only country in the region that can do so. North Korea’s nuclear test facilities are close to China’s border. Just like Japan and South Korea, China’s secu-rity is threatened by an unstable nu-clear power in its neighborhood. Yet China continues to provide the fuel, food, trade, and international protec-tion that sustains Mr. Kim’s govern-ment. In my meetings with China’s Ambas-sador Cui in Washington, DC, I have ex-pressed to him that China can and must do more. I have tried to impress upon him that a nuclear-armed North Korea, with ever-increasing weapons, is not in China’s security interests. The United States cannot sit in si-lence in the face of North Korea’s ever- advancing nuclear and missile pro-grams. For some, Iran has been a big threat. For me, reading the intel-ligence and seeing the progress over the years of North Korea’s nuclear ar-senal, I believe North Korea is a very serious threat to the well-being of this country. We must protect and reassure our allies in the region. That may in-clude placing more advanced missile defenses, both in South Korea and Japan, as well as closer trilateral mili-tary cooperation with these countries. The fact that the North Korean Gov-ernment has resisted international overtures and condemnation leaves us little choice. So I come to the floor today to support the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enforcement Act of 2016. This bill will impose mandatory sanctions against North Korean per-sons and entities involved in weapons of mass destruction development, de-livery, and proliferation; serious human rights abuses; trade in luxury goods; money laundering; smuggling; and narcotics trafficking. This legisla-tion alone, though, will not cease North Korea’s illegal activities. How-ever, it is the beginning of a more com-prehensive response to North Korea’s increasingly dangerous behavior. I thank the chairman and his com-mittee for bringing forward this legis-lation. I certainly intend to support it. I thank the Senator. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I want to take one moment to thank Senator F
EINSTEIN , who knows so much about the intelligence around this and has spent a great deal of her Senate career making sure she does, and she under-stands China probably as much as any Senator here. She has been involved in all kinds of bilateral meetings and dis-cussions and has led the Senate in many ways in understanding what is happening within the country. So her comments—especially today with this important piece of legislation—are cer-tainly well-received and appreciated. Again, we thank her for what she does to help keep our country safe and for her diligent efforts on the Intelligence Committee. I know Senator M
ARKEY is next in line to speak. Before he does, I wish to thank him for his contributions to making this bill better. He amended the bill. I think he has other amend-ments he would like to see happen at some time. I would say that there is probably no one here who focuses more on prolifera-tion and ensuring that rogue coun-tries—and actually some that aren’t even so rogue but that have rogue con-stituents within their countries—don’t continue to proliferate by sharing in-formation, sharing technology, and sharing assets with other countries. So I thank him for his contribution in bringing this bill to the floor today, and I look forward to his comments. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, let me begin by thanking the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, the gen-tleman from Tennessee, for the focus he has brought to these issues of nu-clear proliferation and for his great service to our country, having all of our people understand the threats that can come from Iran, from North Korea, and from other places across our plan-et. It is the ultimate issue. If we get it wrong, the consequences will be cata-strophic. So I thank the chairman for continuing to have the hearings and continuing to develop legislation that focuses our people on this issue. We are the global leader. We have to set the example for the rest of the world to fol-low. I thank him for his great leader-ship on these issues. The sanctions in this bill represent a firm response to North Korea’s latest nuclear test on January 6 and to its launch of a long-range rocket last weekend. These brazen actions remind us of the serious threat Pyongyang poses to global and regional security and underscore the urgency of ending North Korea’s nuclear and missile pro-grams. Together with our international partners, we must be vigilant against North Korea’s development of boosted nuclear bombs which would allow Kim Jong Un’s regime to shrink its weapons and load them onto missiles. And we must unequivocally convey to North Korea that any proliferation of nuclear technologies to other countries will lead to the gravest of consequences. North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs violate numerous U.N. Secu-rity Council resolutions. Those include Resolution 2094, which required North Korea to abandon ‘‘all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs’’ and imposed sanctions to pressure Kim to return to disarmament negotiations. These measures have not yet persuaded Kim to abandon his nuclear ambitions, in part because major gaps remain in the sanctions regime, particularly its enforcement by China. In 2009 the Security Council imposed a conventional arms embargo on North Korea, but China insisted on a loophole allowing North Korea to import ‘‘small arms and light weapons.’’ North Korea has exploited this loophole to continue its lucrative international trade in conventional arms. According to the U.N.’s own council of experts on North Korea, this trade remains ‘‘one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.066 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES796 February 10, 2016 
country’s most profitable revenue sources.’’ North Korea is especially well known for purchasing light weap-ons from China, which it then sells to other countries for cash. Although North Korea’s arms exports violate U.N. sanctions, the Chinese companies that sell the arms in the first place get off scot-free. The in-volvement of Chinese companies in North Korean arms smuggling is part of a larger pattern of China’s lax en-forcement of nonproliferation sanc-tions against North Korea. As Assistant Secretary of State Tom Countryman acknowledged in a For-eign Relations Committee hearing last May and again in December, Chinese entities continue to sell technologies to North Korea that could assist in its development of nuclear-capable bal-listic missiles. China’s efforts to clamp down on these activities remain feeble at best. If the United States is to continue to provide extensive assistance to China’s nuclear power industry, China must in return crack down on those who enable North Korea’s nuclear provocations and its weapons-smuggling networks. The United States must also take ac-tion on our own. That is why I worked to include an amendment in this bill that will impose sanctions on anyone who facilitates North Korea’s arms trade, including Chinese corporations. My provision will further reduce North Korea’s access to revenue, undermine its international arms smuggling, and put pressure on Kim to return to nego-tiations. We must also put financial pressure on North Korea by designating the country as a ‘‘primary money laun-dering concern.’’ This would allow the Treasury Department to exclude North Korea from using the dollar-based fi-nancial system. The use of this des-ignation in 2005 against the Banco Delta Asia in Macao disrupted North Korea’s access to revenue and led one North Korean negotiator to admit that ‘‘you finally found a way to hurt us.’’ North Korea is one of the leading counterfeiters of U.S. currency. It uses front companies to hide its illicit earn-ings from trade in narcotics, weapons, and proliferation technologies. Al-though the Treasury has designated 18 financial institutions and 4 countries— including Iran—as primary money laundering concerns, it has never des-ignated North Korea. For this reason, I filed an amendment in the Foreign Re-lations Committee—which I will work to include in the final version of this bill—that would require the Treasury Secretary to determine on an annual basis whether North Korea is a primary money laundering concern and to pro-vide Congress with information about that determination, as well as any fi-nancial restrictions that result from it. Just as we protect the international financial system from North Korea’s counterfeit currency and money laun-dering, we must protect American in-vestors who may unknowingly invest their money in companies that do busi-ness with North Korea. The prospect of American companies investing in North Korea is quite real. One Amer-ican company, Firebird Management, has publicly declared its intention to invest in North Korea’s oil industry. That is why I introduced another amendment in committee that would require companies that issue securities in the United States to annually dis-close any investments in North Korea to the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. This requirement would not impose any regulatory burden on com-panies that do not invest in North Korea, but those companies that do should have that information made public because the American people de-serve to know which American compa-nies are investing in North Korea. Again, I hope to strengthen this bill down the line by incorporating that re-quirement. We know that sanctions are not an end in and of themselves; rather, they are meant to pressure the Kim regime to return to disarmament negotiations. But at the same time, as we pursue that critical goal, we must work to re-duce the risk that North Korea will use its nuclear weapon, whether delib-erately or through miscalculation. First and foremost, we must make clear to Kim that his regime will not survive any use of nuclear weapons. We must also reduce the risk of Kim lash-ing out in desperation. If he comes to believe that we intend to destroy his nuclear weapons in a preventive war, he will face pressure to ‘‘use them or lose them.’’ Thus, even as we work to deter Kim, we must establish a means of communicating during crises to avoid the risk of accidental nuclear war. Ensuring deescalation at the same time as we pursue deterrence and denuclearization will not be easy. Nev-ertheless, given the devastating con-sequences of nuclear war, it is critical that we take a comprehensive ap-proach. Without additional sanctions, Kim will never disarm, but without a means of controlling escalation, we could one day wake up to a nuclear disaster that no one wants and everyone would la-ment. We should work on a continuous basis to make sure that—in the same way the Soviet President and the President of the United States were able to communicate to reduce the likelihood that we would have an acci-dental nuclear war, we have to make sure we have done everything in our power to accomplish the same goal with the North Korean Government, whether we like them or not. I want to compliment the chairman, the Senator from Colorado, and the Senator from New Jersey for their great work on this legislation. It is going to be a long struggle to ulti-mately deal with that regime. I think we will have to return to it over and over again, but I think, as we are going forward, it is critical—through the Chi-nese or through others—to make sure we have maximum communication. We could have an accidental nuclear war. It could happen. We have to make sure that is avoided. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I think Senator C
APITO is on her way down and is the next speaker. While we have a moment, I want to thank Senator G
ARDNER in his presence. And on an issue that is important to not just our security but the world’s security, I thank Senator M
ENENDEZ for taking leadership in the way that he has and for working with Senator G
ARDNER , Senator C
ARDIN , and me to make sure we ended up with something that I be-lieve is going to receive warm support. These are issues he has been concerned about for a long time. He has not only been concerned about them, he has shown leadership in putting together policies to combat them. Senator G
ARDNER knows and said earlier that even though this is a step—we all know it is a big step, really, especially with the U.N. Security Council unwilling to take actions in light of the violations that have occurred. There is going to be a lot of diligence that will be nec-essary to get in what we want to get in, but this is certainly a significant step, and I thank him for his efforts. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I thank the chairman. Earlier when the chairman couldn’t be on the floor, I thanked him for his leadership in the committee, for creating an environ-ment that is bipartisan. At a time in which bipartisanship in the Senate is a continuing challenge, it is particularly important in foreign relations—some-thing that I tried to set out when I was a chairman. I appreciate the way his leadership has led the committee so that we could have moments like this and of course Senator G
ARDNER , who has very graciously worked together with me to bring a moment of what I hope will be an overwhelmingly, maybe unanimous vote in the Senate, because when we do that we send an incredibly strong message throughout the world. We generate leadership, where we may not see the will at the United Nations, particularly because of the Security Council’s structure and the vetoes that exist on things like sanctions. Inevi-tably, when we have led as a country, we often get the world to join us and follow it, but sometimes it needs you to lead. That is what I believe the Senate is doing today with an incredibly strong piece of legislation that, as I said ear-lier, was the most comprehensive strat-egy set to try to deal with the chal-lenge that is North Korea itself. I ap-preciate the chairman’s words and his leadership. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.068 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S797 February 10, 2016 
speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT  
BILL 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to voice my opposition to an upcoming cloture vote on the conference report for the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, commonly known as the Customs conference report. This vote is expected tomorrow. While I am supportive of the con-ference report as it relates to the Cus-toms legislation, added to the bill at the last minute is a measure known as the Internet Tax Freedom Act or ITFA for short. ITFA would put in place a moratorium to permanently prevent State and local entities from imposing existing sales and use taxes on Internet services. In the past, I have expressed my sup-port for ITFA as long as it was tied to the Marketplace Fairness Act, or MFA, which would allow State and local gov-ernments to collect sales and use taxes from online retailers without a phys-ical presence within their State. In South Dakota, this is a matter of fairness to the families who own small businesses and support our local com-munities. They collect sales taxes on their products and on their services. Internet sales providers are not re-quired to provide a collection service for those States for services or prod-ucts that are being delivered into those States. It requires congressional action in order to allow them to accomplish this. Pairing these plans would have been a net benefit for States, local govern-ments, and small business owners who are already required to collect sales and use taxes on their products and services. Together they would rep-resent sound tax policy, but that is not what we are doing with the Customs conference report by including ITFA and not including the Marketplace Fairness Act. ITFA, enacted by itself, would put in place a moratorium to permanently promote State and local entities from imposing taxes on Internet services at the State and local level with no con-sideration or offset for the tax revenue lost by States or local governments that already collect many of these taxes. I am all for cutting taxes, but I am also a strong proponent for the Tenth Amendment and local control and tax fairness for South Dakota businesses. In places like South Dakota, we are ac-tually pretty good at balancing budg-ets. In fact, we are required do it every single year. Washington has no busi-ness telling States or city commis-sioners how to run their books. ITFA has zero impact on the Federal budget, but it really impacts States and local communities. I believe ITFA paired with the Marketplace Fairness Act continues to make sense. One with-out the other does not. My opposition is not based on dis-agreement over Internet access. We need it. We should make it available. My opposition is based on the principle that we are taking away important revenue sources for State and local governments without any means for them to recoup their losses so they can continue to provide essential services to our communities. Let me explain why sound and com-prehensive tax policy is so important and why ITFA and MFA should con-tinue to be a package deal. If the Presi-dent signs a Customs conference report into law in its current form with ITFA attached to it, municipalities in my home State, South Dakota, will lose $4.3 million in revenue annually. That is a revenue they rely on to fund essen-tial services, such as training for fire-fighters and police officers, mainte-nance for parks, upkeep of community centers and libraries, and repairs to critical roads and bridges. Without any way of recouping the loss, local leaders will be forced to make a tough decision to cut those im-portant services to the community or to raise other taxes. Why is Wash-ington making this decision? In addition to municipalities losing out on important funds, the State of South Dakota would also lose out to the tune of $9.3 million annually. Maybe in Washington DC we don’t care about $9.3 million, but in South Dakota they do. Well, we don’t balance our budget, but every single State out there or just about every State does. When we step back in and we tell them we are going to unilaterally take away one source of revenue, but we still expect them to provide the serv-ices, it seems to me we are moving in the wrong direction. We don’t have the luxury of South Dakota punting. We are required to balance our books every year. At the State and local level, every single dollar counts. Singled out, it is not right for the Federal Government to dictate State and local budgets, as the ITFA part of the conference reports attempts to do, to cut a State and local revenue source. It is unfair to States like ours, which operate under tight budgets and stretch every dollar to the maximum. In fact, in South Dakota we aren’t overtaxing. Our State burden is the second lowest in the Nation. We don’t have an income tax. We rely on a very broad sales tax. That is the way our people have wanted to do it. That is why conventional wisdom in this body and elsewhere has always been the ITFA, which would stop taxing the cost of Internet services, would be paired with the MFA—the Marketplace Fair-ness Act—because MFA lets State and local governments recover the losses from ITFA. MFA would make certain that Main Street businesses aren’t at a competi-tive disadvantage to companies that have no physical presence, employees or investments in States such as South Dakota because right now they don’t have to collect that sales tax or the use tax for products that are being deliv-ered into the State. Brick-and-mortar businesses have that requirement. Right now Main Street businesses are operating under a disadvantage. MFA would level the playing field. These brick-and-mortar stores are the busi-nesses that provide good-paying jobs in South Dakota, pay local property taxes, sponsor community baseball leagues, and send their kids and grandkids to South Dakota schools and invest in the future of our State. We have an opportunity to level the playing field for them, rather than picking winners and losers so they can continue to be successful and enrich the lives of South Dakotans. Let’s let the States and local governments de-cide how to manage their finances. Under MFA, South Dakota would bring in approximately $25 million in new tax revenue, which would more than make up for the losses under ITFA. If we pass ITFA without MFA, it dramatically decreases the chance of MFA being passed in the years to come, which is a huge blow to the mom-and-pop businesses who are strug-gling to compete with online vendors. MFA passing the Senate without ITFA is unlikely dead on arrival in the House. ITFA would see a similar fate if not dumped into the Customs con-ference report. It would not pass the Senate alone. There is simply no evi-dence to suggest that either measure would pass as stand-alone legislation, but together sound tax policy would move. That is why it is so important that ITFA not be implemented without also implementing the Marketplace Fair-ness Act. Together the two can make a real impact on the lives of South Dako-tans and all Americans by providing permanent tax relief to South Dakota families, leveling the field of play for brick-and-mortar businesses that are contending with an increasingly com-petitive online marketplace and at the same time assure State and local gov-ernments can continue to provide es-sential services to their constituents while balancing their budgets. That is something we could learn a lot about. Because the Customs conference report includes only ITFA and fails to address MFA, I will open oppose cloture on this legislation, and I encourage my col-leagues to join me. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on legisla-tion to significantly expand sanctions against North Korea in response to the country’s dangerous provocations in recent months. This legislation has my strong support. In light of North Ko-rea’s recent actions, it is time we act decisively and call on the international community, particularly the U.N. Se-curity Council in China, to do the same. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.070 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES798 February 10, 2016 
On January 6, North Korea conducted a nuclear test involving the under-ground detonation of a nuclear weapon. One month later, on February 7, they effectively conducted a long-range mis-sile test under the guise of a satellite launch. Just yesterday in the Senate Armed Services Committee, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testified that North Korea has ex-panded a uranium enrichment facility and restarted a plutonium reactor ca-pable of providing fissile material for nuclear weapons. Together these actions point to a dangerous trend of advancing and ex-panding North Korea’s nuclear weapons program. While the antics of Kim Jong Un and his cronies may seem out-landish, the threat posed by North Korea should be taken seriously. Though open-source assessments cast doubt on Kim Jong Un’s claim that he detonated a hydrogen bomb in Janu-ary, the fact remains North Korea test-ed a nuclear weapon that caused a magnitude 5.1 earthquake. Though the satellite North Korea fired into space spent yesterday tum-bling in orbit and it may be unusable, the fact remains that according to South Korean officials, if the rocket launched by North Korea on Sunday were successfully reconfigured as a missile, it could fly more than 7,400 miles. That is far enough to reach the shores of the United States. Although North Korea has never test-ed a long-range ballistic missile capa-ble of delivering a nuclear warhead, there can be no question that Kim Jong Un is intent on building up a nu-clear arsenal capable of striking the United States. In my role as ranking member of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I was in South Korea last July. I listened to the input of General Scaparrotti, the commander of U.S. Forces Korea. I heard from our servicemembers at Yongsan and Osan, and I sat with South Korea’s Defense Minister to dis-cuss our shared interests and the im-portance of this critical alliance. I then traveled directly to Beijing to meet with Rear Admiral Li Ji of the Chinese Ministry of National Defense. We had a frank and meaningful con-versation about these topics. Despite our many differences, it is not in the interest of either the United States or China to have a nuclear-armed North Korea destabilizing Asia and desta-bilizing the globe with irresponsible rhetoric and dangerous actions. It is my sincere hope that the U.N. Security Council and our international partners will follow our lead to expand international sanctions against North Korea, applying the lessons we learned in blocking Iran’s nuclear program. In the meantime, we must continue to en-hance our missile defense systems both at home and abroad. I look forward to working with Sen-ator S
ESSIONS to continue our bipar-tisan work on the Armed Services Committee, to provide necessary re-sources to the Missile Defense Agency, and to fulfill our commitment to key allies. We must continue to advance MDA’s efforts to deploy additional sen-sors and to improve the reliability and effectiveness of ground-based intercep-tors. This has the potential to be a pivotal moment for the international effort to counter North Korea’s nuclear pro-gram, but the United States must lead the way. Strategic patience has worn thin, and it is time to act, by expand-ing tough sanctions, by strengthening our missile defense programs, and by calling on the international commu-nity—and especially China—to act re-sponsibly and decisively in the face of the threat Kim Jong Un poses to global security. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, the pend-ing legislation to enact tougher sanc-tions on North Korea is a welcome de-velopment as Congress once again be-gins to assert its role in defending na-tional security and curtailing the growing number of nuclear weapons around the globe. In the decade since North Korea’s first successful nuclear test, the threat of nuclear proliferation has not dimin-ished. The United States concluded an agreement with Iran that leaves its nu-clear infrastructure in place, causing others in the region to declare their own interest in obtaining nuclear weapons. Pakistan’s nuclear arsenal is the fastest growing in the world, and it continues to destabilize the region through its ties to terrorist organiza-tions. North Korea continues to build its nuclear stockpile and its ability to deliver future weapons. In all three of these circumstances, Congress has been the source of pres-sure on these nations by enacting tougher sanctions on Iran, placing a hold on security funding for Pakistan, and now this legislation today builds on those previous efforts. The results may vary, but as I see it, my col-leagues in this Chamber and in the House have been much more proactive than the administration in imposing costs for failing to adhere to inter-national norms. President Obama’s approach of stra-tegic patience has failed to accomplish the objective of bringing North Korea back to the negotiating table, and there is certainly no agreement by them to dismantle their nuclear arse-nal and their nuclear program. North Korea has tested three nuclear weapons on the President’s watch, and some ex-perts believe its stockpile could grow to 100 weapons by 2020—from 10 to 15 weapons today. In addition to nuclear weapons, the regime is believed to pos-sess chemical and biological weapons. North Korea is advancing in missile technology and has engaged in cyber attacks against South Korea, Japan, and American entities. North Korean missiles might not yet be able to reach the continental United States, but American servicemembers stationed in South Korea and Japan and tens of millions of innocent lives are menaced by the threat of weapons of mass de-struction in the possession of an ag-gressive regime with little regard for what the world thinks of it. The Arms Control Association notes: ‘‘North Korea has been a key supplier of missiles and missile technology to countries in the developing world, par-ticularly in politically unstable re-gions such as the Middle East and South Asia.’’ The recipients of such ex-pertise are said to be Pakistan and Iran, among others. In fact, American intelligence judged the Syrian nuclear reactor destroyed by the Israeli Air Force in 2007 to have been constructed with North Korean assistance. Equally worthy of attention is the brutal treatment by Kim Jong Un’s re-gime of its own people. Just 2 years ago, the U.N. Human Rights Council published a report concluding that ‘‘the gravity, scale, and nature of these violations reveal a State that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world.’’ It would be disingenuous to stand here and place all the blame on the President or the administration. North Korea is one of the most difficult na-tions in the world to understand and regional complexities make it difficult to find a solution. North Korea took advantage of lapses in American resolve during both the Clinton and Bush administrations by conducting its first nuclear test in 2006. Nevertheless, it is obvious to me that a change in approach is necessary. ‘‘Stra-tegic patience’’ has been exhausted. Stronger measures are necessary. While the ideal approach is to work in concert with the U.N. Security Coun-cil, we cannot afford to wait for con-sensus on punitive measures from the U.N. that may never come. The legislation that the Senate will pass today in a strong, bipartisan fash-ion seeks to compel Kim Jong Un to re-turn to negotiations. My colleagues have written legislation that ensures sanctions are mandatory—to be waived only on a case-by-case basis that re-quires a written explanation justifying the waiver. The secondary sanctions will penalize those outside of North Korea who as-sist in the regime’s nefarious behavior. Without China’s support in restricting North Korea’s ambition, America and the world face an uphill battle. Up to this point, China has believed that an unstable North Korea is more dan-gerous than a North Korea with an ad-vanced nuclear program; therefore, the enforcement of secondary sanctions is a necessary step to seek cooperation in dismantling their nuclear program. I am pleased that the bill includes language to deter and punish cyber at-tacks by codifying sanctions as well as requiring the President to offer a counterstrategy to North Korea’s cyber 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.072 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S799 February 10, 2016 
capabilities. The ongoing cyber activi-ties are damaging to our security and our economy as well as the economy and security of our friends. The bill also attempts to address the deplorable treatment of the North Korean people by their own government. This legislation is certainly not with-out risk. China may retaliate in some manner, North Korea may become even more bellicose, and it could very well fail to pressure Kim’s regime to sur-render its nuclear program. Yet it is painfully clear that the status quo is not working and that global security is imperiled as our government stands by. Fear of risk and failure will not stop us from exhausting all peaceful options to curb nuclear proliferation. Every ef-fort must be made to convince North Korea to surrender its nuclear weap-ons. Congress is once again doing its part in the fight against proliferation. Chairman C
ORKER , Senator G ARDNER , and the members of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee ought to be com-mended for their leadership on this issue, and I look forward to joining them in passing legislation later today that will put teeth to American diplo-macy. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise in support of the pending legislation to sanction the regime of North Korea for its belligerent behavior toward the United States and its neighbors. Today the Senate takes up a bill to increase sanctions on North Korea. Most Americans would be surprised, I think, to learn it is still possible to in-crease and strengthen sanctions on North Korea. In fact, while we have had certain sanctions on North Korea in place for many years, these sanc-tions have never been as strong as they could be and should be, and that is why we are here today. We are now dealing with a third gen-eration of dictators in Kim Jong Un, who is proving to be as disastrous as his infamous father and grandfather, Kim Il-sung, the founder of the Kim re-gime. The Kim family has done what-ever it thought necessary to stay in power, including use of criminal enter-prise to raise revenues and engage in systematic human rights abuses against its own people. The legislation before us today re-quires the President to sanction any-one contributing to North Korea’s weapons program, money laundering activities, and human rights abuses. It also requires sanctions on anyone help-ing North Korea raise hard currency through the sale of minerals and pre-cious metals. Additionally, the bill requires sanc-tions on anyone engaging in activities that would threaten cyber security. Perhaps most importantly, the legisla-tion urges the administration to des-ignate North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern—a step that would block links between North Korea and the U.S. banking sys-tem. This is a very powerful sanction. If someone is doing business with the Kim regime, they should not be doing business with the United States bank-ing system. We need to pass this bill and push the administration to leverage the power of the Treasury Department to cut North Korea from the international banking system. As I have said, this is a very strong and powerful sanction. It needs to be put in place and then fully enforced by the administration. The imposition of sanctions, how-ever, cannot be the end of our North Korea policy. As we have seen over the past few months, the Kim regime is in-tent upon disrupting the East Asian se-curity environment, threatening both the United States and our allies with ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons. Sanctions can work, but they must be enforced and they will take time. In addition, we need to augment these sanctions with other steps to limit the North Korean threat. First, we should accelerate efforts to develop missile defenses both in East Asia and in the United States. Sanc-tions can curtail progress in North Ko-rea’s nuclear and missile programs; however, we must deal with the capa-bilities North Korea already has. We must ensure we are prepared for any further advancements North Korea might make before the sanctions take hold. Second, we need to ensure that we have a credible and reliable nuclear force available to deter North Korea and reassure our South Korean and Japanese allies. In 2014, and again ear-lier this year, a nuclear-capable B–52 flew over the Korean Peninsula to per-form this vital deterrence and assur-ance mission. But to maintain stra-tegic credibility, we must modernize our bomber fleet and our nuclear cruise missiles. To bring the Nation’s bombers up to date, the Air Force is embarking on plans to develop a new Long Range Strike Bomber capable of penetrating advanced enemy air defenses. North Korea’s increasingly provocative be-havior underscores our need for a bomber that can fly over any North Korean target. Now is the time to get to work on the Long Range Strike Bomber program. Similarly, we need to upgrade the nu-clear cruise missile carried on the B–52 bomber. Cruise missiles fired from a distance allow us the option of threat-ening North Korean targets without flying over North Korean airspace. This standoff capability is tremen-dously important, but the existing nu-clear cruise missile is based on 1970’s technology and is well beyond its in-tended service life. We need to ensure that the Air Force has the resources necessary to develop a new cruise mis-sile that can defeat modern air defense systems for decades to come. We also need to ensure that the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion has the resources it needs to refur-bish the warhead that flies on the cruise missile. Letting our bomber and cruise missile capabilities become ob-solete would send a disastrous signal to the Kim regime that its nuclear pro-gram has yielded strategic benefits. On the other hand, modernizing our forces shows Mr. Kim that he will never get a nuclear upper hand in East Asia. The bottom line is that we need a ho-listic approach to North Korea. We need the sanctions that we are consid-ering here today in the Senate. We need a strong, strategic deterrent, as I have described. I urge my colleagues to support the sanctions in front of us to put pressure on North Korea financially. This needs to be a comprehensive, ongoing, sus-tained effort. We have to stand strong against our adversaries and stand strong with our allies, we have to do it consistently, we have to do it over time, and we have to be steadfast. That is the type of foreign policy that can be effective. That is the kind of foreign policy we need to undertake. That is what we are trying to accomplish with this legislation. I commend the sponsors of this legis-lation who are here on the floor today. I further hope that my colleagues will support not only this legislation but critical investments in our nuclear bombers and cruise missile forces when we consider the annual Defense bills later this year. I am very familiar with these systems as the B–52s are based on Minot Air Force Base in my State. They provide a tremendous deterrent and a very important part of the nu-clear triad, but we have to continue to invest in that nuclear triad—in the bombers, in the ICBM missiles, and in our submarine fleet. I believe that both sanctions and a strong military are critical to our na-tional security and that of our allies, as well as maintaining stability in this potentially volatile part of the world. As we have said before, the United States is the world’s best hope for free-dom, for peace, and for security. Thank you, Mr. President. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, we have heard from a number of col-leagues who have come to the floor in support of the legislation before us today, the North Korea sanctions legis-lation. Members of both sides of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.073 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES800 February 10, 2016 
aisle recognize the need to address the forgotten maniac in North Korea. We have also heard Members speak about a number of firsts that this legis-lation contemplates—the first time that this would put in place mandatory cyber sanctions for cyber attacks. This is something that applies, yes, to North Korea today but in the future could apply to any nation that wishes to use its means to attack the United States or our businesses. So it is criti-cally important, that piece of legisla-tion that we are going to pass today that can have a lasting impact on the security of this country. We have also heard from a number of Members who have spoken about their concern with China. This legislation is not targeted at China; this legislation is targeted at North Korea. We have talked about how it is not targeted at the North Korean people but at the re-gime of Kim Jong Un. The legislation does everything we can to try to give the people of North Korea a better way of life; to try to find ways to commu-nicate, to break down the silence they are faced with in this economic depri-vation zone; to give them tools, per-haps radios and cell phone technology so they can find out what is happening beyond the confines of the torturous regime. But it does have an impact on those who try to get around the sanc-tions and the prohibited activities of the legislation—in fact, some of the strongest language in the legislation, whether exporting to or from North Korea, whether exporting to or import-ing from North Korea goods, raw met-als, precious materials that can be fun-neled—the money from that funneled to weapons of mass destruction and other activities prohibited by the legis-lation. So when North Korea is export-ing gold or coal—and we know that gold and coal are chiefly responsible for the North Korean foreign currency reserves—then that could be designated as a sanctioned entity under the legis-lation. Perhaps those entities are in China. The fact is, we need cooperation with China. We need cooperation with Japan and South Korea. We had that so strongly, and there is a possibility we won’t. We have an opportunity for tri-lateral alliance—that is cooperation between the three nations—and that will allow us to work together, to share intelligence, to share the cooperative efforts and exercises when it comes to North Korea, and to work with China to help make sure that it is sticking by what it says it wants to do, which is to denuclearize the North Korean regime peacefully. I think it is key to our co-operation with China as we work on any number of issues, whether it is trade issues, whether it is issues deal-ing with the Internet, whether it is issues dealing with the South China Sea. Those are things that we continue to work with China on and are working to resolve, but we also have to make sure part of that conversation is North Korea. China controls a tremendous number of levers and power in North Korea. Ninety percent of their eco-nomic activities in North Korea can find their way to some way of subsist-ence with China, to create a reliance on China, an economic reliance that they have right now. So this legislation will target those who are doing too much to empower the Kim Jong Un regime and to give them the money they have used to de-velop missiles and to develop weapons of mass destruction. Just to give an example of some of the commodity trade that we have seen, trade commodity sanctions in this bill would address the issue of rare earth minerals and coal and steel and other goods that are exported to other countries to earn foreign currencies for the North Korea regime. To give people an idea of how much money that is, ex-pert estimates put rare earth minerals and steel exports at around $1.8 billion and $245 million respectively. That is a lot of money that the regime is cur-rently getting from outside in trading these goods. But if that $1.8 billion and that $245 million goes back to build weapons of mass destruction, this act will begin sanctions. The President is required to, unless the issue is a very narrow, case-by-case national security issue. There is a mandatory investiga-tion into those activities. So I think this is a strong step that is receiving tremendous bipartisan support. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, we have been discussing some of the op-portunities to strengthen the alliance between Japan and South Korea and the United States. In the legislation before us today is language that ad-dresses the trilateral cooperation be-tween the United States, South Korea, and Japan; that we would seek to strengthen a high level of trilateral mechanisms for discussion and coordi-nation of our policies toward North Korea; that we would work between the Government of the United States, the Government of South Korea, and the Government of Japan to meet these goals to ensure that the mechanisms North Korea is using when it comes to nuclear, ballistic, and conventional weapons programs are addressed by the three nations; that we address together in this trilateral alliance the human rights record, the atrocities of North Korea, and cyber security threats posed by North Korea. It also talks about in the legislation before us that the United States, Korea, and Japan will meet on a reg-ular basis. The legislation encourages that the United States and the tri-lateral alliance meet together, includ-ing the Department of State, the De-partment of Defense, the intelligence community, and representatives of counterpart agencies in South Korea and Japan, so that we can continue to focus our efforts on the trilateral alli-ance. If you look at the conversations tak-ing place today, we have heard our col-league from Hawaii, Senator S
CHATZ , talk about the need for cooperation when it comes to THAAD. We talked about the concern that our allies, neighbors of North Korea, have when it comes to their air defense systems and how they are going to protect them-selves from a possible missile strike from North Korea. Those conversations are continuing. We talked about con-tinued and extraordinary cooperation opportunities we have in sharing intel-ligence among the three nations. It all comes on the heels of what has been over the past year—last year, in particular, with the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II—some recogni-tion of the historical complexity in the relationship between Japan and South Korea. Late last year and early this year we saw an agreement entered into by Japan and South Korea to address some of those historical complexities. That agreement was a new step for-ward in cooperation, in terms of work-ing through these complexities. That activity was followed shortly thereafter by North Korea’s fourth nu-clear test. What a great statement it was for Japan and South Korea to begin finding solutions to these histor-ical complexities at a time that per-haps is needed now more than ever be-cause of the challenges that their neighbor in the north poses to them. While we work together to find ways to protect our allies and to assure them that our alliance and our com-mitment remains stronger than ever, we have to make sure we are con-tinuing to focus on our trilateral alli-ance and on the efforts we have there. I know the Senator from Minnesota is on the floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, today I join my colleagues in support of the North Korean Sanctions and Pol-icy Enhancement Act. I commend Sen-ator G
ARDNER for his leadership, as well as Senator M
ENENDEZ , Chairman C
ORKER , and Ranking Member C ARDIN  for their leadership on this legislation, because protecting the American peo-ple and others in the region from na-tional security threats like North Korea should, in fact, be our top pri-ority. The reason there is overwhelming bi-partisan support for strong sanctions legislation against North Korea is be-cause there is absolutely no doubt that North Korea is a well-established threat in the region. North Korea threatens global peace and security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.075 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S801 February 10, 2016 
Experts at the United States-Korea In-stitute estimate that North Korea has 20 to 100 nuclear weapons. Since 2006, North Korea has tested four nuclear bombs. Last month North Korea claims to have tested a hydrogen bomb. While our analysts in the United States are skeptical that it was in fact a hydrogen bomb, it was a nuclear bomb all the same. With each test, North Korea gets closer to testing a nuclear bomb small enough to fit on a long-range missile— the very same kind of missile that North Korea used over the weekend to launch a satellite into outer space. That missile has a range of 5,600 miles. That means that Alaska, California, and the rest of the west coast of the United States is actually within range of a North Korean bomb. Our European allies and Australia are also within range of a North Korean bomb. And, of course, Japan and South Korea—two of our key allies in East Asia—are closest to the danger North Korea poses. It is in our national security interests to protect these vital allies. It is not just North Korea’s nuclear threat that we need to be concerned about. North Korea funds its weapons regime through human trafficking— something I care deeply about— through the production of illegal drugs and selling counterfeit U.S. currency. North Korea is also one of the largest suppliers of the arms trade and has be-come the bargain-basement emporium for old Soviet weapons systems. North Korea has a pattern of shipping these illegal weapons on to terrorists in the Middle East. North Korea also threatens our cyber security. North Korea’s cyber attack on the Sony Corporation of America in 2014, which leaked private communica-tions and destroyed the company’s data systems, cost Sony, an American company, more than $35 million. Why this company? Because the company produced a movie that mocked North Korea’s leadership. Last summer North Korea pledged to follow up on its attack on Sony with more cyber attacks, promising to ‘‘wage a cyber war against the U.S. to hasten its ruin.’’ America is not the only target for North Korea’s cyber attacks. In 2013, North Korea launched a cyber attack on three major South Korean banks, and two of South Korea’s largest broadcasters were temporarily shut down after a cyber attack. This cost South Korea an estimated $720 million. This is real money and real jobs in our own country and in the countries of our allies. We must take strong action to curb North Korea’s nuclear program and to address the other threats that it poses to us and our allies. Weak sanctions against North Korea have proven un-successful. The legislation before us today represents the tough response that is necessary to send this message directly to North Korean leaders: Dis-arm or face severe economic sanctions. This bill puts pressure on North Korea in three important ways. First, it requires the President to investigate those that help North Korea import goods used to make weapons of mass destruction. All people and businesses involved in helping North Korea obtain illicit weapons would be banned from doing business with the United States and would have their assets and finan-cial operations immediately frozen and their travel restricted. As we work with our allies to track down and bring to justice those who as-sist North Korea in its effort to harm the United States and our allies, we must also hit them financially. This bill will help to cut off North Korea’s funding and further financially isolate them. Second, this bill sanctions those who attack U.S. cyber security. This bill is the first piece of legislation to lay out a framework for sanctions against the North Korean cyber threat. Combat-ting cyber terrorism is a key national security priority. We must be proactive about rooting out those who enable cyber attacks. Lastly, this bill addresses a serious human rights crisis in North Korea. North Korea is the most isolated econ-omy and society in the world. The cur-rent regime exerts total control over daily life. Even haircuts are con-trolled—that is right. Women are al-lowed to pick from 1 of 14 hairstyles, and men cannot grow their hair longer than 2 inches. Thirty-two percent of people in North Korea are undernour-ished, and 34 percent of the population receives food aid. As a Member who has worked exten-sively to fight modern-day slavery, I am particularly disturbed by the fact that North Korea is also among the world’s worst human traffickers. The State Department’s annual report on human trafficking consistently rates North Korea as one of the worst human traffickers. The United Nations con-siders human trafficking to be one of the three largest criminal enterprises in the world. The first two are illegal drugs and illegal guns. Last year I was proud to be the lead Democratic cosponsor of legislation with Senator J
OHN CORNYN to fight trafficking and help trafficking victims that was signed into law by President Obama last May. The Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act tackles traf-ficking head-on. We are doing work in our own country, but we also need to be a beacon for those victims abroad. Sex and labor traffickers treat North Korean men and women like commod-ities. Yemoni Park, a North Korean woman who escaped after being sold into the sex trade and raped at the age of 13, has dedicated her life to shining a light on what she calls ‘‘the darkest place on Earth’’—North Korea. This bill calls for harsh sanctions against human rights violators. It calls for mandatory investigations into those who bankroll North Korean labor prisons and sex trafficking rings. But it also acknowledges the important work of human rights organizations that provide assistance to those suffering in North Korea and allows them to con-tinue their lifesaving work. China fuels much of the demand for North Korea’s human trafficking, and they help fund the North Korean re-gime. Beyond enacting swift and severe sanctions against those associated with North Korea’s weapons suppliers, hack-ers, and human rights violators, we must pressure China to get serious about sanctioning the North Korean re-gime. Unless we have China’s help, the regime will not truly feel the repercus-sions of its actions. We have come together today across party lines in a bipartisan effort to ad-dress the growing threat that North Korea poses to the United States and our allies. We are united in our belief that our national security—and the se-curity of our allies—requires a swift and strong response to North Korea and those who fund its tyrants. We are also united in our belief that we must vigorously investigate and sanction those who in any way help North Korea develop weapons of mass destruction and those who seek to undermine cyber security. We must do everything in our power to help improve the lives of innocent North Koreans. That is why I am sup-porting this bill, and I thank my col-leagues for their leadership—Senator MENENDEZ , Senator G ARDNER , Senator C
ARDIN , and Senator C ORKER . 
AMBASSADOR NOMINATIONS  
Madam President, I wanted to add one more thing. As I try to do every day with Senator S
HAHEEN , I address the issue of the Ambassadors to Nor-way and Sweden. It has been 864 days since we have had an Ambassador to Norway. It has been 468 days since the President nominated Azita Raji to be Ambassador to Sweden. I appreciate Senator C
ORKER ’s leader-ship on this issue. We are working very hard to get these two Ambassadors confirmed. These countries are the 11th and 12th biggest investors in the United States. Senator C
RUZis the one holding up the vote on these nomina-tions. We are hopeful that at some point we will be able to move ahead. This has been going on way too long. They are some of our best allies in the fight against Russian aggression. Norway actually shares a border with Russia. We have to be by their side if they take in thousands and thousands of refugees. We have talked about the need for a strong Europe. These are the two major countries in Europe that don’t have Ambassadors from the United States. That must change. Again, I thank Senator C
ORKER and Senator C
ARDIN for their leadership. Thank you, Madam President, and I yield the floor. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I think Senator C
APITO is next to speak, but I do want to just mention that I ap-preciate the way that Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR has worked on the issue of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.076 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES802 February 10, 2016 
Ambassadors to Norway and Sweden, and I do think we are on the cusp in the next 24 hours of that being re-solved. I thank Senator K
LOBUCHAR for her diligence and patience, and with that I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Thank you, Madam President. I rise today in strong support of the North Korean Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act. I commend Senators C
ORKER , G ARDNER , M ENENDEZ , and C
ARDIN for their hard work on this bill, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. North Korea poses a serious threat to the United States. Last month, the North Koreans tested a nuclear device as they continue to advance their weapons technology. Just this weekend the North Koreans launched a satellite as they work to build a ballistic mis-sile program. Cyber attacks launched by North Korea have crippled businesses such as Sony Pictures and targeted our allies in South Korea and Japan. The threats posed by North Korea will only con-tinue to grow, and our current policy toward North Korea has failed to pro-tect the safety and security of the American people. This legislation takes significant steps to deny North Korea’s capabili-ties and to limit the nuclear and bal-listic missile programs, to stop cyber security attacks, and to end North Ko-rea’s horrendous human rights viola-tions. Mandatory investigations and mandatory sanctions are the hallmark of this legislation. Under this bill, the administration is required to inves-tigate the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, human rights abuses, and cyber crimes. When investigations reveal misconduct related to these ac-tivities, sanctions are required. Importantly, this bill will target minerals and other items that the North Korean regime uses to finance its weapons programs at the expense of its own people. Sanctions under this bill would also apply to businesses or individuals around the world that help North Korea expand its nuclear weap-ons and cyber crime capabilities. Similar legislation imposing sanc-tions targeted towards North Korea passed in the House last month with a nearly unanimous vote. That is quite an achievement. Today I hope this bill will pass by a similar margin and show that the Senate is united in our resolve against the security threats posed by North Korea. 
CLEAN POWER PLAN  
Madam President, on another impor-tant note, last night the U.S. Supreme Court put the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s Clean Power Plan on hold. This landmark decision will pre-vent the Obama administration from enforcing this rule until all legal chal-lenges are complete. West Virginia, my State, has lost nearly 10,000 coal mining jobs since 2009. Nearly every week, hundreds of layoffs and more notices devastate West Virginia’s coalfields, West Vir-ginia families, and communities. The impact on State and local budgets has been stark. School boards have an-nounced significant cuts to education due to the loss of coal severance tax revenue. This is all across the State. As bad as the current economic situa-tion is, the Clean Power Plan would make things worse for families and communities in my State. We know the EPA’s playbook. Earlier this year, the Supreme Court struck down EPA’s mercury rule targeting powerplants since the Agency failed to follow the legal requirements, but be-cause the mercury rule went into effect years before legal challenges were com-plete, billions of dollars had already been invested and many jobs had al-ready been lost. My ARENA Act has recognized that the 29 States and hundreds of other or-ganizations challenging the President’s power grab deserve meaningful judicial review. My legislation said this rule could not go into effect until the litiga-tion is complete—such common sense. I am very pleased the Supreme Court has agreed with this commonsense position and recognized the immediate impact of this rule. I also want to extend my apprecia-tion to West Virginia’s attorney gen-eral, Patrick Morrisey, for his leading role in this case. On behalf of our State, he has headed the legal chal-lenge against this administration, and last night’s decision is just the latest legal setback for an out-of-control EPA. Congress has passed legislation dis-approving of the Clean Power Plan. We sent it to the President and he vetoed it. A majority of our States are still challenging this rule, and the judicial branch now seems poised to play its role in protecting both the separation of powers and the principles of fed-eralism from the administration’s power grab. Increasingly, this lameduck Presi-dent stands alone as he attempts to further his climate agenda. The Amer-ican people are not behind him. A ma-jority of Congress has come out against his efforts, and now the Supreme Court has raised concerns. This is an important step toward having the American people—not an unchecked bureaucracy—set our en-ergy agenda, and we must continue to fight to permanently block this rule. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I also rise to support the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016. It is good to see on the floor col-leagues who have worked on this im-portant legislation from Maryland, New Jersey, our committee chair, and the Senator from Colorado. I appre-ciate their efforts and believe this can be a great example of bipartisanship and near-unanimous agreement. We have witnessed recently many provocations by the North Koreans. The ballistic missile test this past weekend violates numerous U.N. Secu-rity Council resolutions and it threat-ens both the United States and espe-cially our allies in the region. This closely follows a nuclear test in Janu-ary—another deplorable action by North Korea—and missile nuclear weapons program proliferation con-cerns that have been the subject of a lot of discussion in this body. I appreciate the drafters and the For-eign Relations Committee for moving swiftly to deliver a response that in-cludes penalties for the missile launch and the nuclear test. I will also mention that North Ko-rea’s detention of American citizens can’t be overlooked. This includes the recent detainment in North Korea of Otto Frederick Warmbier, who is a third-year college student at the Uni-versity of Virginia. As we move for-ward with our strategy on North Korea, we have to prioritize and ensure the safe return of our citizens who are detained there. A little bit about how destabilizing North Korea’s actions are. This recent test was expected, and it is proof of the North Korean grim determination to develop nuclear weapons, even if it is hampering and hobbling their economy and causing their citizens to suffer. They have been given warnings that they shouldn’t do it, but they have also been giving warnings to the global community that they would. This is a country that is determined to defy a host of U.N. Security Council resolutions that ban it from con-ducting nuclear and missile tests. The international community has been speaking with clarity about what the line is: Don’t do this—but North Korea has chosen to proceed. Kim Jong Un has once again dis-played a willingness to defy the inter-national community—and at such a cost to his people. The economy there is absolutely hobbled because of his de-sire to be a militaristic leader, but the result is the population of his country is suffering. His strategy to have nu-clear, military, and economic develop-ment for his people is not going to work because he can’t have both, and the legislation demonstrates that these things are impossible by imposing a significant economic cost. The legisla-tion shows that the United States will hold countries and private entities ac-countable for compliance with rules and law. Kim Jong Un’s backward calculus has left his country impoverished and almost entirely dependent on China for economic trade. Roughly 90 percent of North Korea’s foreign trade is with China, which is why China can have significant leverage over North Korea, but the track record of China using its leverage to curb North Korean activity is very disappointing. We need to con-tinue to pressure China to increase sanctions on North Korea and elevate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.078 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S803 February 10, 2016 
this issue in bilateral discussions with China. The number of North Korean nuclear weapons could soon approach China’s within the next decade, and that is a direct threat to regional secu-rity and global security. Yesterday, in the Armed Services Committee hearing we attended, DNI James Clapper stated that North Korea is expanding its uranium enrichment activities, it has restarted plutonium production, and it could start extract-ing plutonium from spent fuel within a matter of months. China can no longer turn a blind eye to this. As a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council, China needs to help foster international peace and play the role that an international power on the U.N. Security Council needs to play. They need to play the role in additionally advancing or push-ing for more human rights in North Korea because they have the leverage to do so. We don’t trade with North Korea. Our leverage system is some-what limited, but China, with a 90-per-cent trade share, has that leverage. The good thing about these sanctions is that they will sanction the activities of Chinese companies and entities that are trading with North Korea, and that secondary sanction effect, I think, has the ability to work and put pressure on them. We have seen recently how sanctions can work in another context, in the Iran context. The architects of the sanctions policy with Iran are in this room, and they deserve praise because there is no way Iran, a rogue nation that was moving forward to develop nuclear weapons, would have ever en-tertained a diplomatic discussion to try to put limits on that program had it not been for sanctions that were de-signed to have a strategic and careful effect. So we need to do the same thing here, and these sanctions do that. In conclusion, the United States has to undertake a more proactive ap-proach to North Korea to address the nuclear and ballistic missile programs. This legislation is good because it not only puts Congress even more firmly on the record in opposition to North Korea’s activity, but it also provides the executive branch a more robust set of policy tools to confront the threat that is posed by Pyongyang. This is an example of legislation that came out of the committee—bipartisan and unanimous. It represents the best of bipartisan foreign policy coopera-tion, and I am strongly in support of the bill. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I first thank Senator K
AINE for his input in this legislation and so much other legislation that goes through the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee. He is an extremely valuable member of our committee, a very good thinker, but more importantly he listens to oth-ers in the committee and finds a com-mon way that we can make important national foreign policy issues bipar-tisan. He has done that and did that with the Iran review act in reaching a way that we could bring that together in a bipartisan manner. He was very helpful on the North Korean sanction bill that we have on the floor, so I thank Senator KAINE for his contribu-tions. I say to Senator C
ORKER , I know we are getting near the end of this debate. I have been listening to this debate throughout the day, and I think it points out the best traditions of the U.S. Senate. So many Members have come to the floor in serious debate about the national security challenge that North Korea presents—not just, as I said, to the Korean Peninsula, not just to our allies in East Asia but glob-ally—and how U.S. leadership is going to be vitally important and we are going to act. The United States is going to act. The Senate tonight is going to pass a very strong sanctions bill, a very strong message bill that we do not in-tend to sit back and let North Korea proliferate their weapons of mass de-struction. We also don’t plan to sit back and let them commit gross viola-tions of human rights. We will not sit back and allow them to attack our in-tellectual property through cyber secu-rity attacks, and we are going to act as one, united. We are going to act, Demo-crats and Republicans, House and Sen-ate. We are going to work with the ad-ministration. We are going to get this done. Then, yes, we are going to go to the international community. We are going to put pressure on other coun-tries. We know the Republic of Korea is with us. We know Japan is with us. China needs to be with us, and we are going to go and talk to China, explain and work with them so we can get international pressure to isolate the North Korean regime until they change their course. It is critically important to our security but also to the people of North Korea. I thought this debate has been in the best tradition of the U.S. Senate. Again, we had the architects, as Sen-ator K
AINE pointed out, drafting this bill. Senator C
ORKER ’s leadership clear-ly set the climate in our committee so we could have that type of debate. I am sorry no one here could sit in on some of Senator C
ORKER and Senator M ENEN -
DEZ’s meetings as they were negoti-ating the specific terms of the bill. Each had their views, but they listened to each other. They recognized that by listening to each other they could come out at the end of the day with a stronger bill. As a result of our two colleagues, we were able to reach that common ground and I think very short-ly we are going to be able to show the people of in country the best traditions of the U.S. Senate on foreign policy issues. I am very proud to work with Sen-ator C
ORKER and my colleagues on this bill. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, ob-viously I appreciate the comments of the distinguished ranking member. Our former chairman, Senator MENENDEZ , is here; Senator G
ARDNER , the two of them. We are way ahead in the Senate in many ways in addressing this issue prior to these last provocations by North Korea. I thank them for that. Again, as Senator K
AINE mentioned, we are doing it in the best fashion of the United States. Where there are dif-ferences, we worked together to ham-mer those out and ended up, as Senator C
ARDIN just mentioned, with a stronger piece of legislation. I also commend the House. They sent over a very good bill. They really did. It was strong. Senator G
ARDNER and Senator M
ENENDEZ , with all of us working together, were able to broaden it out and to deal with some other issues that were not dealt with in that piece of legislation. The fact is, things have occurred since that legislation passed that have caused people to want to put in place a much stronger, much bolder footprint as it relates to North Korea. What is amazing—and I appreciated your comments about Senator K
AINE. I don’t think we have a more thoughtful or more principled member on our committee, and I don’t think there is any way the Iran review act would have occurred without him taking the steps that he did to break the logjam at that time. Let’s face it, with some important constituents it mattered, and it allowed us to move ahead with it—obviously, Senator M
ENENDEZ on the front end and Senator C
ARDIN as the new ranking member. What is amazing in many ways is that North Korea has gotten this far along. I mean, it has been through mul-tiple administrations, differing parties. Over the last 20 years, they have just continued to move along. While I think our Nation did a very good job in focus-ing on the problems that Iran was cre-ating, and Senator M
ENENDEZ , who is sitting beside me, certainly led in put-ting sanctions in place with Senator K
IRKand others. We moved swiftly to arrest that. Hopefully, while we had disagreements over the content of the actual agreement—and that is rep-resented by differences in votes on the agreement itself—it did bring them to the table. What is amazing is that again they have progressed so far along, way beyond where Iran is. What is also amazing to me is that China—I am going to be having those conversations this weekend with our counterparts in Munich regarding this very issue. What is amazing to me is you have right on their border this country which is definitely, you have to say, a rogue country that is creating provocations in the region. We have all visited the DMZ and have seen that we have 28,500 troops who are there to keep peace. They have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.080 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES804 February 10, 2016 
there since 1953. So we are right there in the region. We have allies. Again, it is amazing that it has gone this far; that China has not been willing to take the steps; that, as Senator K
AINE men-tioned, their 90 percent trade partner could easily cause this to go in a dif-ferent direction. But even more impor-tantly, here we are taking action that I hope will lead to other members of the international community joining us in sanctions. But China—the very entity that could do something about this—is blocking the U.N. Security Council’s action toward this being done on a multilateral basis on the front end. But this is what happens. In the past, the Senate has taken unilateral action. We know we are much better off with multilateral sanctions. A lot of times it starts this way. It started this way with Iran, and over time we were able to build worldwide support—or mostly worldwide support—toward isolating them and causing them to come to the table. Again, this country is much further along. Hopefully we will have the same success. But we have to realize, be-cause of the 20 years of efforts that they have underway and especially the bold steps they have taken since 2003, as Senator G
ARDNER so aptly outlined in an earlier discussion, we are going to have to do far more than this. We need to put this in place, but we also have to remain diligent and keep mov-ing ahead. It may take additional ac-tions down the road. It is certainly going to take tremendous oversight and involvement by the administra-tion, and the administration to follow, and the administration after them. This is a great step, though, for the Senate. It is a great step for our coun-try. Again, I thank our House colleagues. My guess is that we will send this bill back over this evening at about 5:45, some changes may be made, and it will go to the President. We will have spo-ken with one voice in the best way the Senate speaks, and in a strong way. We will be doing something that furthers the safety and security of our own citi-zens, which is what we are here about. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, as we are winding down this debate that has been extraordinary not only because of its unanimity, which I think is incredibly important when we are facing a challenge in the national secu-rity interests of the United States, but also because of the tone it set and the seriousness of the issue with which Members on both sides have taken to it—that is incredibly important. I know my colleagues—the distinguished chairman and the distinguished rank-ing member—have spoken to this, but it is important to note that when the Senate on a bipartisan basis perceives a real threat to the potential national security of the United States and of significant allies, it can come together and send not just a powerful message but a powerful strategy to try to deal with that challenge. So I salute all of my colleagues for having engaged in this debate, and I thank the leadership of the committee, as well as Senator GARDNER , for working with me. When I introduced this legislation last year, I felt that the time for stra-tegic patience—which had been a hall-mark of our policy—had run its course. We had hoped that patience would have had a unique regime in North Korea moving in a different direction. But it came to a point where multiple tests of nuclear explosions, each increasing in the size of its effectiveness; the at-tempts to miniaturize those efforts; the missile launches they were going through; the terrible labor camps and other human rights violations inside of North Korea and what is happening to the North Korean people—that stra-tegic patience in and of itself was not getting us to the goal. If anything, while we were being patient, the North Koreans continued to move in a direc-tion for which we needed what I think is a strategic resolve. And that is what we have come to here today—a bipar-tisan effort to have a strategic resolve to not only focus on North Korea but also the secondary sanctions to say: Those who want to deal with North Korea and to help North Korea achieve its goals in violation of international norms will have a consequence. Right now we have all been focused on North Korea as a government, as an entity, but this legislation now broad-ens that to say to those who want to help the North Koreans provide the material wherewithal for their nuclear missile and other programs that there is a consequence to you. I believe that is an appropriate use of sanctions. So I want to close on this question of sanc-tions. For 24 years between the House For-eign Affairs Committee and the last 10 in the Senate Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, I have viewed U.S. foreign pol-icy in that peaceful diplomacy has an arsenal. That arsenal is in part how one can direct international opinion to a country that is violating inter-national norms, to the extent that country can really be affected by inter-national opinion. North Korea is an ex-ample of a country that is difficult to affect by international opinion. There is the use of aid and the use of trade as inducements to a country to act in a certain way and join the international community and follow the norms and international will and then the denial of aid or trade and other sanctions as a way to get them to move away from the direction in which they are vio-lating international norms. Outside of that universe—inter-national opinion, use of aid, use of trade, denial of aid, denial of trade, and sanctions, particularly that we have begun to perfect in the financial sec-tor—which can be a very powerful tool. It shouldn’t be used bluntly but none-theless is an important tool in an arse-nal of peaceful diplomacy in the world. Looking aside from the military uni-verse of what is available to us, which should be our last resort, when we are talking about peaceful diplomacy, there are moments in which sanctions are the last use of our peaceful diplo-macy and a way to get countries to move in the direction we want. This moment, which I think is about stra-tegic resolve, does exactly that. It uses sanctions not just against the regime in North Korea but against those who would give it the wherewithal to follow its illicit pursuits. I think that is what is incredibly powerful about this legis-lation and the appropriate use of our arsenal of peaceful diplomacy in the hopes that we can deter the North Ko-reans from where they are and move in a different direction and in the hope that we can get other countries in the world—and it will have to be more than hope; it will have to be a strategic re-solve to get those other countries to join us, as we did in the case of Iran. We did not start with the world want-ing to come together with us because of their economic interests and other strategic interests. Through American leadership, we ultimately drove the moment in which we had a multilateral international effort that brought the Iranians to the negotiating table. It is my hope that what happens here in the Senate today begins a process that can proselytize others in the world to join us so that the nuclear nightmare that is potentially North Korea never ever materializes. With that, I hope we have an over-whelming unanimous vote on this leg-islation. I again thank the leadership for working with us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, as I listen to my colleagues, I think we know how proud we are to serve with people who have such deep knowledge and strategic views on how we as a na-tion can better defend ourselves and lead the world. To Senator M
ENENDEZ ’s comments about America’s strength, yes, I think everyone understands that we have the greatest arsenal in the world. We do. But America also understands the power of diplomacy, and diplomacy has to be backed up with incentives and disincentives. Incentives, yes. The American tax-payer is generous with development as-sistance and our assistance in helping countries develop into stronger democ-racies in which they can be stronger economies and have a better life for their people and, by the way, be better consumers of U.S. products. That is what America does—it offers incen-tives—but we also lead the world in saying: If you do not follow the inter-nationally acceptable norms, there will be consequences, and those con-sequences mean that we will not let you do commerce to strengthen your 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.082 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S805 February 10, 2016 
ability to harm your neighbors and to harm global security. That is what Senator M
ENENDEZ was talking about. The sanctions we are imposing here are aimed directly at North Korea’s ability to compile weap-ons of mass destruction, to harm their own people, and to harm others through the use of cyber. That is what these sanctions are aimed at. They are aimed at preventing them from being able to do that. It also shows U.S. leadership because our allies look to the United States first. It is an international financial system, and if the United States is not prepared to move forward, we cannot expect the rest of our allies to move ahead. So it is a clear signal that we are prepared to take these actions. We are taking these actions. We are going to take them by ourselves if we have to, but it will be much more effective if we can get the international commu-nity to support us. Senator M
ENENDEZ is absolutely cor-rect. I remember when we did this against the apartheid of South Africa. We were able to get actions taken by other countries after we acted. The Senator is absolutely correct on Iran. We acted on Iran; we then got other countries to act. If the United States had not shown the leadership, they would not have acted. That is now true with North Korea. Our actions will help us get other countries to act so that we can hopefully accomplish our goal of a peaceful North Korea without the use of our military might. Let me explain what is at stake here. We all understand the tests that are going on with the so-called satellite tests to be able to develop a missile that can deliver a weapon well beyond the Republic of Korea that could di-rectly attack U.S. interests and cer-tainly our allies’ interests. That is what they are trying to do with these tests, is to develop weapons of mass de-struction that could cause unspeakable damage. That is what we are trying to prevent. And it is not just the direct actions by the North Koreans; they have already shown their willingness to work with other rogue states in de-veloping weapons of mass destruction. If we allow them to accumulate these weapons, they could then transfer them to other rogue countries and they could be used against our interests. We also know that North Korea is willing to make arrangements with terrorist organizations, and these weapons could end up in the hands of terrorists and be used against our interests. That is what is at stake. There is a lot at stake, and that is on the weapons program. We already saw North Korea act in regard to Sony on cyber. We know this is a growing field. If we don’t take action now, the circumstances are only going to get more damaging to U.S. interests. The one area that I really congratu-late Senator G
ARDNER and Senator M
ENENDEZ for bringing to this bill is the human rights issues, the gross vio-lations of human rights. We talked about this. There is no country in the world that treats its citizens worse than North Korea does. They are lit-erally starving their population. They are starving their population. They torture their population. They im-prison anyone who dares say anything against the government. They do sum-mary executions if they don’t like you. We know that. It has been documented over and over again. This legislation speaks to American values. Our strength is in our arsenal and our strength is in our universal values; that we won’t allow that to happen; that, yes, we have an interest in how the people of North Korea are treated; that these are international norms that have been violated by North Korea. I just wanted to follow up with Sen-ator MENENDEZ because I thought he articulated so well about America’s strength and how we act. It is not just because we have the best military in the world; it is because we have the will to stand up for values that are im-portant for not only our national secu-rity but for global security. When the United States leads, other countries join us, and we get results. Hopefully, we are going to be able to change North Korea’s conduct through these measures. That is in the best in-terest of the United States, it is in the best interest of our allies, and it is in the best interest of North Korea. That is what this legislation speaks to. I share Senator M
ENENDEZ ’s hope that we will see a very strong vote in a few minutes, and I know that my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle have expressed their views on this. I urge ev-eryone to support this effort and to show America’s resolve in the united policy in this regard. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I want to thank all of my colleagues for their thoughtful input during this de-bate. We have had great discussions from numerous Members who have come to the floor throughout the day to discuss North Korea and the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act. I want to thank Senator C
ORKER for his leadership on the committee, the product of which is a very good bipar-tisan sanctions action. I hope and agree with Senator M
ENENDEZ , our col-league from New Jersey, that this will indeed receive unanimous support. I wish to thank Senator M
ENENDEZ  through the Chair for his efforts to make this a success, and thanks to the ranking member of the committee and ranking member of the Asia sub-committee, as well, for their work. We set out a year ago to work on this prob-lem and address this challenge. The purpose of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act is very simple. The purpose of the bill is to peacefully disarm North Korea through mandatory sanctions that would deprive the regime of the means to build its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, to deprive the re-gime of its means to carry out mali-cious cyber activities, and to deprive the regime of the means to continue its gross abuse of the human rights of its own people. That is the purpose of this bill. Obviously, there is more work to do. The discussions today talk about the work we have to do with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, in the other Chamber, and the work we have to do around the globe to make sure that the United Nations Security Council recognizes this challenge and that China understands our basis of co-operation depends on actions against something we both agree on, and that is that we shouldn’t have a nuclear North Korea. Let’s build that relationship of co-operation with China. Let’s build that relationship of trilateral alliance among South Korea, Japan, and the United States. Those are the things we can begin to accomplish with this leg-islation. I had a conversation with Admiral Gortney not too long ago about North Korea. He is the head of NORTHCOM, headquartered in Colorado Springs, CO. It was a conversation about North Korea and what he sees. Through his comments, you can tell he is con-cerned, and he believes the situation in the Korean Peninsula is at its most un-stable point since the armistice. Over six decades, we today are seeing the most unstable point on the Korean Pe-ninsula because of a rogue regime that tortures its own people, kills its own leaders, and deprives its citizens of human dignity. Strategic patience has failed. One ex-pert said we have moved from strategic patience to benign neglect. That is not leadership. So today we start a new policy based on strength and not pa-tience. This legislation would man-date—not simply authorize but man-date—the imposition of sanctions against all persons who materially con-tribute to North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development; import luxury goods into North Korea; enable its censorship and human rights abuses; engage in money laundering and manufacture of counterfeit goods and narcotic trafficking; engage in ac-tivities undermining cyber security; have sold, supplied or transferred to or from North Korea precious metals or raw metals, including aluminum, steel, and coal for the benefit of North Ko-rea’s regime and its illicit activities; that is, $1.8 billion in raw metals, $245 million in other goods that are sanc-tioned under this act, including those entities that decide they would import from North Korea if that money they would generate from the sale of that import goes to the development of pro-liferation activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.084 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES806 February 10, 2016 
The cyber sanctions and strategy that we require are unique to the Sen-ate bill. They will be the first manda-tory sanctions in history passed against cyber criminals. This bill also codifies Executive orders 13687 and 13694 regarding cyber security, as they apply to North Korea, which were en-acted last year in the wake of the Sony Pictures hack and other cyber inci-dents. It is also a unique feature of our Senate bill today. The mandatory sanctions on metals and minerals are unique to the legisla-tion. Expert estimates, as we just said, put North Korea’s rare metal minerals and steel exports at around $2 billion, so these sanctions could have a signifi-cant impact in deterring the regime and its enablers. The sanctions in this bill are secondary, as we have dis-cussed, which means they would be ap-plied to individuals and entities, not just in the United States but around the world, who would assist the Gov-ernment of North Korea and the des-ignated entities that engage in the ac-tivities prohibited by this legislation. It mandates a strategy and sanctions against North Korea’s human rights abuses. You can see what it does on the chart. You can see the opportunity we have before us and the American people and our obligation to make sure we are doing everything we can to stand up for the people of North Korea and stand up to the totalitarian regime of North Korea. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation tonight, this bipartisan product of countless hours of debate and discussions and negotiations, and to come away with a good product that we can be proud of, to work with the House Members so that this is on the President’s desk. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield my time. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the committee-re-ported amendment is agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. GRAHAM ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Mr. REID. I announce that the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 20 Leg.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Durbin Graham Sanders Sullivan 
The bill (H.R. 757), as amended, was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business and also to be allotted time beyond 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
CHILD CARE ACT AND LEAD POISONING Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this evening to talk about childcare, in par-ticular one piece of legislation which I have introduced today, S. 2539, but also to talk more broadly about the critical need in our country for more options, more opportunities for families—espe-cially low-income families—to be able to afford high-quality childcare. The bill that was introduced today is the Child Care Access to Resources for Early Learning Act. Of course, the ac-ronym or shorthand for the bill is the Child CARE Act, standing for the words in the bill that focus on re-sources and in particular resources for early learning. It is this Senator’s belief, and I think the evidence is abundantly clear over time whenever this issue is studied, that in terms of the positive impact of early care and learning of a child, the evidence tells us over and over again that if kids learn more now, they will literally earn more later. That connec-tion between learning and earning is compelling, and I think it is an essen-tial part of the debate. Early education and care for a young child has an im-pact on all of our lives when it comes to the economy. We know now from the evidence that high-quality early learning contributes to a reduction in need for special edu-cation. It also helps to lower juvenile justice rates. It also helps to improve health outcomes over time. It also in-creases high school graduation and col-lege matriculation rates. For some children from low-income households, a lot of these studies have also shown that by the age of 3, they will have heard 30 million fewer words than their more affluent peers. Even before they enter kindergarten, this so- called word gap means they are already far behind. The income level of the household can often determine how many words that child has heard in his or her lifetime. Of course, the reason it is such a big number is because the words get repeated, but even when you factor in the repeating of words over and over again, just imagine how far behind they are if they are behind by 30 million words. If it were 5 million words, that would be a substantial gap, but, of course, it is much worse than that. I believe and I think the evidence shows that in the decades to come, the strength of our economy and the fiscal stability of our Nation will depend on the viability and vitality of our future workforce. I think that is evident from the research. But, again, that connec-tion between early learning and the earning potential of that individual is abundant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.085 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S807 February 10, 2016 
Unfortunately, for many families, the need is still substantially great. Just last fall, Pennsylvania alone had a waiting list of 7,000 families who quali-fied for childcare vouchers but did not receive them. In other words, in one State there were 7,000 families who were eligible for these vouchers and did not receive them. That story, unfortu-nately, is playing out across the coun-try. According to data from the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices, less than 1 in 10 children nation-wide under the age of 4 received childcare assistance. In Pennsylvania it is about 15 percent. Just think about that—nationwide, 1 in 10 is eligible for this kind of help and is not receiving it. Child Care Aware—one of the many groups who helped with the legislation I just mentioned, the Child CARE Act—tells us that particularly in urban and rural communities, there is a se-vere shortage of high-quality or li-censed childcare facilities. In Pennsylvania, where we have a significant State investment in childcare, only 3.5 percent of childcare slots for children birth to age 4 years old are in the highest quality pro-grams. For many families who can even find care, the cost is very burdensome. For most families, childcare is often the second most costly expense, behind only housing. Just imagine that—the second highest expense in the life of a family for far too many families is childcare, second only to housing. In 2014, in more than half of the United States, a year of childcare costs more than a year of college tuition at a pub-lic college. That is another stunning comparison. We hear it all the time from real peo-ple—not just numbers or studies, we hear it from real people. Last week when we were discussing the bill, the Child CARE Act, we heard from a Washington, DC, Metropolitan Police officer who also happens to be a parent. Her name is Zunnobia, and she told us how much there is a struggle for hard- working, even middle-class families who just want the best for their chil-dren, how difficult that struggle is to find quality, affordable childcare for early care and learning. This police of-ficer also told me and told those in the room how all too often in her work as a police officer, she sees teenagers or young people who did not have the ben-efit of high-quality care and early learning. This is another example from Penn-sylvania. This is what Deanna, a par-ent, tells us, and I am quoting just in part: 
Each month, with two children in daycare, our payment exceeded our mortgage pay-ment. 
So it is not the second highest cost but the highest cost in her household. Deanna continues: 
Some months we paid for daycare with our home equity line of credit. It took us 2 years to pay off the debt we acquired. Parents with young children are really struggling. It is a no-win situation. That is what Deanna, a parent from Pennsylvania, tells us. Christina, another Pennsylvanian, a parent, told us that the cost of ‘‘daycare is bringing us straight to foreclosure because we cannot afford our mortgage, groceries, diapers, and gas for our one car.’’ So this is the real world and this is the real life of a struggling family but especially struggling—even in a recov-ery—with the cost of childcare. Let me talk for a moment about the component parts of the act. The Child CARE Act is legislation that will en-sure that families with infants and tod-dlers who are living at or below 200 per-cent of the Federal poverty level, which we know is approximately $40,000 for a family of three—it will help those families who need childcare have ac-cess to that high-quality care. The act will further the purposes of the child care and development block grant by raising quality standards and by pro-viding resources necessary to make those higher quality standards a re-ality and available to families across the Nation. Over a 10-year period, we estimate that the legislation could help over 1 million additional children under the age of 4 gain access to high- quality childcare. Part of achieving higher quality care is ensuring that childcare providers are receiving an appropriate level of sup-port and that childcare workers are compensated fairly for their expertise. Unfortunately, across the Nation, the average childcare worker often makes below poverty wages. According to the 2013 National Survey of Early Care and Education, the median wage for center- based childcare staff was $9.30 an hour, about $19,000 a year. Just imagine that. The people who we believe are the best qualified and the most dedicated to taking care of our children, who will give them that early care and the learning that goes with it, the people whom we entrust with our most treas-ured asset, our children, in too many places in this country, those same workers are making just $19,000 a year. This means that childcare workers on average make less than parking lot at-tendants, less than manicurists, and less than massage therapists. So if we really care about our children, I think we would pay them more than some of the occupations I just mentioned. Car-ing for and nurturing infants and tod-dlers requires specialized knowledge and competencies that are not easily developed and should not be taken for granted. I believe and I think most Members of Congress, either in the Senate or in the House, believe that our children de-serve quality. They deserve quality care and learning, but they especially deserve the quality that comes with someone who is paid an adequate wage and has a level of expertise and com-petency to provide that child with the kind of early care and learning she has a right to expect. Childcare funding is critically impor-tant not only to families in Pennsyl-vania and across the Nation, but, of course, it is critical if we are going to meet that demand that our workforce must meet. The children who learn more now will earn more later. We also know that this legislation is an opportunity to finally, at long last, make that historic commitment to these same families. We know the re-turn on investment, if that is all some-one wants to focus on, is return on in-vestment. I know some people like numbers sometimes better than testimonials from parents. But if your only concern is return on investment, this is a good deal. Return on invest-ment in terms of high-quality early care and learning is as high as $17 for $1. That is a pretty good deal anywhere in the country. We want to emphasize the return on investment, but I also be-lieve at the same time that we have to focus on the life of that child and that child’s prospects for future employ-ment to contribute to our economy. We have to make this issue a pri-ority. If we really care about economic growth, GDP growth, competing in a world economy, and having a skilled workforce, all those high aspirations, all those goals we talk about a lot, it starts with early care and learning. A child cannot earn what she should be able to earn if she doesn’t have the op-portunity for early care and learning— high-quality early care and learning. We can spend up to $40,000 a year on incarceration and thousands on drug treatment and/or special education or we can spend a small fraction of that now on early care and learning and give children both a healthy and a smart start in life. I urge my colleagues, when it comes before them, to support the Child CARE Act that has been introduced today. Mr. President, let me conclude with some brief comments about another re-lated issue for our kids—lead poi-soning. What has happened in Flint, MI, is both horrific and inexcusable. No one should accept any excuse for what hap-pened there. I commend Senator S
TA-
BENOW and Senator P ETERS for shining a light on what occurred in their home State. But, unfortunately, this is an issue that involves not just the State of Michigan, not just the city of Flint, this is a nationwide problem, espe-cially on the eastern seaboard. Unfor-tunately, many communities around the country have numbers that are even worse, even higher than the Flint numbers. By one example, Pennsylvania—one of the largest States in the Union—18 cities in Pennsylvania are reporting higher levels of lead exposure among children than Flint. Let me say that again—higher levels than Flint. In Flint, 3.2 percent of children exceeded the danger threshold for lead exposure, tested levels of 5 or more micrograms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.087 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES808 February 10, 2016 
per deciliter of blood. So 5 or more micrograms is the danger level, and Flint was at 3.2. Where were some cit-ies in Pennsylvania that, as I said, have higher numbers? Instead of being at 5 or 3.2, this is what we see in Penn-sylvania: Allentown, 23; Altoona, 20.5; my hometown of Scranton, 20 percent; Philadelphia and Pittsburgh—our larg-est cities, the two largest cities and the most urban parts of our State— were at 10 and 8 respectively, which is lower than the other Pennsylvania cit-ies but still higher than Flint. In Penn-sylvania, the primary source for child-hood lead poisoning is not water but, rather, deteriorating infrastructure and exposure to the remnants of lead- based paint, paint dust, and chips. That is a problem in our State, but there are other States, especially on the eastern seaboard, that have a similar problem. We must ensure that children who have been exposed to high levels of lead receive all—and I mean that literally— all of the followup services they need to reach their full potential. Whether that is remedial, medical, or edu-cational, we need to be there for those children. I supported funding for the Centers for Disease Control’s Healthy Homes and Lead Poisoning Prevention Pro-gram, which supports State and local public health departments working to identify cases of childhood lead expo-sure. But that is just but one step. We have a lot more to do on this issue. I will conclude by saying that we should take action on childcare to make sure that it is affordable and that it is of a high quality so that espe-cially poor children can learn more now and earn more later. It is very dif-ficult to learn, grow, and succeed if you have the disadvantage of not only not having childcare and early learning but the additional burden of high levels of lead. These are challenges that we face as a country, and these are challenges that both Houses and both parties must confront. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
f 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT BILL Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, to-morrow the Senate will be bringing up the Customs bill that I intend to sup-port moving to. I believe it has a num-ber of good provisions, and I hope to be able to support its final passage. But first, I want to bring attention to the weakened currency provisions that the conference report included. This is not the language that initially passed the Senate, but instead is much weak-er. The Senate, several times, has af-firmed the need to provide the Treas-ury Department and the Department of Commerce tools to prevent currency manipulation. In 2011, the Senate passed such a bill to provide the Commerce Department with enforcement mechanisms by a vote of 63–35. Second, in 2013, 60 Senators signed a letter to the U.S. Trade Representa-tive, calling for the inclusion of en-forceable currency provisions in Trans- Pacific Partnership. Finally, in May of 2015, the Senate passed by a 78-to-20 vote this Customs enforcement bill, which, for the first time, included new tools that are nec-essary to defend American manufactur-ers from foreign currency manipula-tions—the language to confront cur-rency cheating that the Treasury De-partment acknowledges is occurring, but they have refused to take action to confront it. That original bill would have re-quired, where this kind of currency ma-nipulation occurs, action be taken to fix currency manipulation. Unfortu-nately, that language was removed from the conference report. I think it is time—and I think a bi-partisan majority of this Senate be-lieves it is time—for us to pass enforce-able currency protection measures and make sure they make it to the Presi-dent’s desk. In June of 2015, a New York Times poll showed that 63 percent of Ameri-cans believe that trade restrictions are necessary, and only 16 percent of Amer-icans believe that the Trans-Pacific Partnership would actually increase American jobs. I am absolutely con-vinced the American people are correct on that, based on a study of previous trade agreements and the analysis of studies by Tufts University and other groups. A May 2015 poll conducted by Ipsos, a leading polling and communications firm, found that 73 percent of the U.S. public believes Congress should oppose any ‘‘international trade agreement that does not specifically prohibit cur-rency manipulation.’’ That is a strong polling number. A second Ipsos poll, conducted last year, found that 79 percent of respond-ents said that it was important for the trade deal to include enforceable cur-rency protections. In August, the Chinese Government devalued its currency 4 percent, cre-ating a regional currency war in that area involving Australia, Malaysia, and South Korea. All those fell against the United States dollar, making their im-ports to the United States less expen-sive and our exports to their countries more expensive. It happens just that way. Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, one of the great heroes of the economic rebound of the 1980s, has said that years of trade negotia-tions can be wiped out in minutes by currency manipulation. I don’t think there is any doubt about that. These depreciations throughout Asia further disadvantage American work-ers because they force our workers to compete against international com-petitors who receive discounts, in ef-fect, on their exported goods in the form of artificially depressed cur-rencies. These devaluations have a real impact. I have talked at length to steel man-ufacturers in my State. They have all told me that steel manufacturing is being hammered by this kind of cur-rency manipulation, dumping, and other unfair, improper trade policies. But they specifically mentioned cur-rency. Foreign market manipulations have virtually eliminated profit mar-gins that were already slim in the steel industry. I had a conversation a few hours ago with a major paper company which said that currency manipulations have hurt their exports. They are still mak-ing the exports, but it has eliminated their profit. It is very problematic for them. They have to have profit, but they are trying to maintain their pro-duction, keep Americans working, and keep the plants operating, even though their profit margin has been hurt sub-stantially by currency manipulation. In June of 2015, eBay reported that international currency fluctuations eliminated 8 percent of its sales. In-stead of 6 percent sales growth, the company reported a 2 percent decline. Our foreign competitors are exporting their unemployment to the United States. That is the way it is done: You reduce your currency, and you export your products to the United States at a lower price. Our foreign competitors keep their people working and under-mine the ability of American manufac-turers to keep their employees work-ing. Sometimes American plants are totally closed. A December 1 Wall Street Journal ar-ticle highlighted the fact that the Chi-nese yuan had increased against most other major currencies but fallen 3 per-cent against the dollar. They let it de-cline against the dollar, thereby main-taining their trade advantage with the United States—their trade surplus, our trade deficit with China. Our trade def-icit with China increased during Janu-ary and increased substantially during the fourth quarter of last year. Our ex-ports are down, our imports are up, and our trade deficit is up. A big part of that is improper manip-ulation of currency by our so-called trading partners. It is time we said no to this. We have the leverage and the capability of doing so. They need us more than we need them. When Governor Romney ran for President 8 years ago, he was in a de-bate and explained it very succinctly: If you don’t stand up—in this case, to China—they will run over you. Critics say that if we stand up to China, it will create a trade war. But we are in a trade war; we are just not fighting. Fi-nally, he said: And, anyway, they have a lot more to lose than we do in such an event. We have no obligation—as a matter of fact, we must stop being a patsy for those who take advantage of us. They need our markets. They desperately need to be able to sell huge amounts of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.088 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S809 February 10, 2016 
products in our markets. If they will not comply with the rules of trade, we have a right to say no and to limit ac-cess to our markets. They say that would hurt American consumers—per-haps some—but in the long run, we cannot allow American manufacturing to be decimated by the sustained ma-nipulation of trading partners. We have to have a manufacturing base in this country. The American people know this, and they are worried about that. Even a Walmart executive has said: If nobody is working in America, who is going to buy cheap products from abroad? He even started a program to try to buy more from America. Even the Department of Treasury in its October 2015 exchange rate report said, ‘‘Our judgment is that the [Yuan] remains below its appropriate medium- term valuation.’’ In other words, it is depressed. China devalued the Yuan. They gained market advantage over the United States and other countries. On the face of all of this, the White House has refused to adopt any en-forceable measures. The Treasury De-partment repeatedly acknowledges we have a problem, but they have refused to take any action to confront it. This is the kind of weakness we cannot ac-cept. The time has come in America where we cannot afford to lose a single American job to unfair trading part-ners. We have to end this. We have to defend our people who are hurting. While the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement that has now been signed by the President—off last week in New Zealand, 7,000 miles around the world. The President never even talked about it. Why didn’t he talk about it? Why didn’t they highlight it? Why did they want to sign it 7,000 miles away? The reason is, the American people don’t want it. He didn’t really want anybody to know he had signed it, and they hope they can slip it through Congress at some point. But I don’t believe it is going to happen. I think too many things are being raised and discussed that show we have to be careful about these trade agreements. In particular, this is one that should not pass. The White House claims that the TPP in-cludes a side measure addressing cur-rency manipulation, but any study re-veals that it does not have any real en-forcement mechanisms. The Wall Street Journal on Novem-ber 5 wrote this: ‘‘Mexico, Canada and other countries signaled they were open to the [currency] deal when they realized it [would not] include binding currency rules that could lead to trade sanctions through the TPP.’’ Get that? They were objecting to this currency rule. They like to manipulate their currency, and they don’t want to be subject to sanctions if they manipu-late it. When they found out the truth—and the truth is that the cur-rency manipulation language attached to TPP means nothing—then they said it was OK. So objected to addressing currency manipulation in the TPP until they found out this proposed fix meant nothing. On November 6, the Japanese Fi-nance Minister, Mr. Taro Aso, said that ‘‘there [will not] be any change’’ in Ja-pan’s currency policy. In other words, by signing on to the TPP, after study-ing the agreement, Japan realized they are not going to have to change their policy. There is no teeth to the Presi-dent’s side-agreement. We were expecting that this currency language would be placed on the Cus-toms bill that we would vote on tomor-row. It was passed in the Senate, and it went on the Customs bill. But when it went to the conference committee, President Obama said: No, we are not having this currency language in it. The conference committee eventually capitulated, and struck the enforceable currency provisions in their report. So we have no real enforceable mechanism now to ensure that American workers and American manufacturing are able to maintain a level playing field with our trading partners in this regard. The statement by Japan’s Finance Minister caused Ford Motor Company to immediately object to and oppose the Trans-Pacific Partnership agree-ment. They did it the day it was re-leased. In their press release, Ford said they could not support such a deal in which currency rules fell ‘‘outside of [the] TPP, and . . . [failed] to include dispute settlement mechanisms to en-sure global rules prohibiting currency manipulation are enforced.’’ They could not support it. Ford and all these companies are placed under terrific pressure to sign on to these deals. A lot of them that signed on and said they will support it don’t like it, but they were basically put in a room and asked: What do you need to do? We will agree to some things if you will agree to support the deal. Many felt it was going to pass anyway, and they got a few little trin-kets—a few little gifts out of the TPP that they liked out of the 5,000 pages that it consists of, and they have agreed to either be silent or support the deal. But many of these companies like Ford are very uneasy about it. So where are we today? I was very pleased that one of the strong sup-porters of trade in Congress—the new Speaker of the House, P
AULRYAN—an-nounced yesterday that there was not support in the House to pass the TPP now, and, in fact, he has concerns about it. He has been an advocate of these trade agreements. I have been worried about that. But I was very pleased that at least now, in the tem-porary situation, he has indicated that he has doubts about the agreement, it is not going to have the votes in the House. Our leadership has indicated they don’t intend to bring it up imme-diately, either. I think that is a good decision. I believe we as a nation need to be studying how this works and studying whether these agreements are actually helping us. Or are they accel-erating the decline in American manu-facturing? The Bush nor the Obama White House has taken strong actions to deal with currency manipulations. This ad-ministration and its own Treasury De-partment continues to reassure us that they are doing everything they can to protect American manufacturing from unfair currency manipulation. How-ever, they repeatedly rejected Congress’s efforts to give the White House the tools they need to help en-force our laws. One of the best ways to do this is to give the White House the ability to implement countervailing duties, but they have opposed those ef-forts and steadfastly seen to it that they are not made law. Last year, in the spring, we had a month-long debate about the impor-tance of these measures. I think a lot of our Members learned a good bit in the course of that. The Senate passed a TPP negotiating objective calling for enforceable measures in the Presi-dent’s trade agreement. What did the President do? He threatened to veto the Customs bill if it included the kind of currency language that I have just been describing. In fact, the White House even issued a Statement of Administration Pol-icy—a SAP—on this question stating that ‘‘the Administration opposes the way the [Customs] bill uses the coun-tervailing duty process to address cur-rency undervaluation.’’ With that ob-jection, the conferees took out the lan-guage, so the bill we will vote on to-morrow does not have the language in it that passed in the U.S. Senate with 78 votes in favor. Last year, I wrote the President and asked him a few simple questions. I be-lieve these are simple questions that the American people are entitled to have answered by the leader of our country who is proposing and pushing the TPP. One, I asked him to state whether the TPP would increase or decrease our trade deficit. Shouldn’t we know that? Our trade deficit is surging. Some try to contend that trade deficits don’t matter. They do matter. They do mat-ter if your factory is closed. Trade defi-cits reduce GDP. Some studies say that about one-half percent of growth in GDP has been reduced as a result of the trade deficit. It does impact America. I further asked the President, two, whether the TPP would increase or de-crease the number of manufacturing jobs in the United States. Third, I asked him how the TPP would affect the average hourly wages for the American middle class. Shouldn’t he tell us that? Shouldn’t we be told whether wages are going to go up or down? Shouldn’t we be told whether the trade deficit would in-crease? Shouldn’t we be told whether manufacturing jobs are going to in-crease or decrease? What have they said? This is so clev-er. I think the media deserves criticism for not talking about it more. All they have ever said was that the TPP would increase jobs in the exporting indus-tries. They don’t say how many jobs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.090 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES810 February 10, 2016 
are being lost when American factories are closed. In fact, the Administration used to make specific job claims, but stopped doing so once the Washington Post gave their claim that the TPP would create 600,000 jobs four Pinocchios. Let’s go back to 2011, the U.S.—South Korean Free Trade Agreement. I voted for it. South Koreans are good people. They are allies of ours. We do business with them. I signed on to that agree-ment. When the President signed it, he stated to the American people it would increase our exports by $10 billion a year. We have had a chance to look at that. How has that promise come out? Have we increased our exports? Well, we did increase our exports. It was eight-tenths of $1 billion last year. I think we will be a little over $1 billion this year—not 10, 1. What about Korean exports to the United States? How did that come out? They increased annu-ally $12 billion a year. What about our trade deficit from 2010 through 2015? The trade deficit with South Korea in-creased 260 percent. Are these trade agreements effective? Are they helping America? Are they fulfilling the promises being made for them? I don’t think so. The President has repeatedly rejected bipartisan ef-forts to put protections in for Amer-ican workers. He clearly did not follow Congress’s negotiating objectives. He has ignored an issue which the Senate overwhelmingly approved, and he failed to negotiate enforceable cur-rency protections for American work-ers. American manufacturers cannot wait longer. It is time to give them the tools they need, a fair ability to com-pete, and a level playing field. The Cus-toms bill that is before us is a step in the right direction. It ensures the Com-merce Department and Customs and Border Protection share information more efficiently. It gives the Customs and Border Protection new tools to identify and stop illegal trading prac-tices. It provides early notification of trade surges, which helps ensure stable prices of goods here at home, but it is important to note the Customs bill is not a perfect solution. There is still work to be done. As I noted, Paul Volcker pointed out, all of these agreements can be elimi-nated overnight through currency ma-nipulation. We can pass this Customs legislation and send it to the Presi-dent, but we must realize that the pro-tections created in this legislation, the new tools that are provided to CBP, can be made irrelevant by our competi-tors that manipulate exchange rates to benefit their exports. We have that problem now in China, Japan, South Korea, and other coun-tries. I am not going to be satisfied until the President signs legislation granting the Commerce Department real powers to protect American work-ers and American manufacturing from these devastating market manipula-tions. Our government does not offer such subsidies to American manufacturers. There are other subsidies, too, that for-eign countries offer that we don’t offer. These subsidies and currency manipu-lations are forbidden by international trading standards, but they go on any-way, and nothing is done about it. We must not allow other countries to take advantage of us any longer. I will note some of the quotes that we heard about this subject, but no ac-tion of significance has been taken. On September 3, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew in an interview on CNBC said, ‘‘[China has] to understand, and I make this point to them quite clearly, that there’s an economic and political reality to things like exchange rates.’’ He is talking about currency ex-change rates. There is a political re-ality there. In other words, Mr. Lew, who should be doing something effec-tive besides just talking, acknowledges that currency rates have real impact on Americans. He goes on to say: 
They need to understand that they signal their intentions by the actions they take and the way they announce them. And they have to be very clear that they’re continuing to move in a positive direction. And we’re going to hold them accountable. 
We haven’t been holding them ac-countable. Mr. Lew continues: ‘‘I think that we have been very clear for a very long time with China, how they manage their exchange rate is a matter of great concern to us and that they need to be willing to let market forces drive the value up, not just drive it down.’’ That is true, but they are not doing it, and China is going to continue to manipulate their exports until some action is taken to stop them. He said in his interview: 
I think it is something we will discuss at the G–20, is any temptation to slip into what might look like a competitive devaluation. It’s both unfair and it ultimately leads to a worse global economy. 
I think there is some truth to that. He is acknowledging that there is a problem. What he is saying is our re-sponse to devaluation—it is unfortu-nate if we are put in a position where we devalue, where Korea devalues, where Vietnam devalues, where other countries in the world devalue. That is a currency war and that is not helpful. What needs to happen is we need to push back against countries that are improperly devaluing and stop that and try to create a currency system world-wide that serves our Nation in an effec-tive way. It is part of the whole eco-nomic future of America. Every business journalist is talking about this. They have different views about what ought to be done, if any-thing, but everybody talks about the impact. This is T. Rowe Price. They did their fall 2015 Economic Outlook Report. 
To be sure, the U.S. economy remains the world’s largest and most innovative. But this summer’s dramatic plunge in China’s stock market and the unexpected devaluation of its currency quickly reverberated around the globe—triggering market volatility, dim-ming growth prospects for certain industries and the countries, and exacerbating pressure on emerging markets. I don’t think anybody would dispute that. That is common business knowl-edge. T. Rowe Price’s Outlook Report says: 
The devaluation, along with the govern-ment’s unsuccessful intervention in its plunging stock market, also undermined confidence in China’s leadership and, most important, in its ability to manage the tran-sition of its economy from one led by invest-ment and exports to one more driven by do-mestic services and consumption. 
This is where we are. We need to get this ship on the right path, and we need to not adopt the TPP. We need to use the leverage we have as the greatest market in the world that all these countries want access to. We have the leverage. They have more to fear from a trade war than we do. We must put an end to it because we owe it to this country. The day we can give away more and more jobs and assume that this has no negative impact on the American economy is over. Wages are down in this country. The percentage of Americans of working age actually working today is the lowest we have had in nearly 40 years. We have had a tremendous drop in the percentage of males from 24 to 55, high working years, who are actually working in jobs today. It is a troublesome trend. We need to reverse that. We need to put people to work and get them off welfare. We need to put them in good job training programs to help them take jobs that already exist in the country. We can’t afford to bring in hundreds of thousands and millions of people from abroad to take jobs. Our people should be trained and be taken. That is so basic as to be without dis-pute, it seems to me. I think the Customs bill that we con-sider tomorrow is worthy of our sup-port. In the long run, I do believe that if we don’t confront the trading issues that are facing America, we will regret it, and we will continue to see adverse economic consequences for the citizens we represent. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT BILL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, 2015 was an extremely productive year for our Nation’s trade agenda as, on multiple occasions, both parties were able to come together to take several steps to advance effective trade policies that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.091 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S811 February 10, 2016 
will put our Nation on a more pros-perous course. Hopefully, we will take another step here in the Senate before we leave for the recess. Before the Senate breaks for recess, we are likely to vote on the conference report for H.R. 644, the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, legislation that originally passed in this Chamber back in May of last year. As chairman of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, I was one of the original authors of this legislation, and I was honored to serve as the chair of the conference committee. I believe our report represents a strong bipar-tisan, bicameral agreement that will effectively address a number of trade policy priorities. In fact, it has already passed the House with a strong, super- majority vote. I am hoping to see a similar vote here in the Senate. I would like to take a few minutes to talk about some of the specifics of this legislation, which is generally referred to simply as ‘‘the Customs bill.’’ If en-acted, this compromise version of the Customs bill would address three main policy goals. The first goal is to facilitate and streamline the flow of legitimate trade into and out of the United States. To accomplish this goal, the bill, among other things, reduces paperwork and bureaucratic burdens on U.S. traders and improves consultation between trade policymakers at the Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, agency and Congress, as well as private actors within the trade community. It also modernizes the way CBP operates by authorizing the continued development and implementation of the Automated Commercial Environment, or ACE. And it sets procedures and establishes dead-lines to ensure that all import require-ments are fulfilled through a single window process. These changes will fa-cilitate trade by reducing unnecessary burdens and delays created by an over-ly bureaucratic system. This will im-prove our Nation’s competitiveness, create jobs here at home, and provide numerous benefits for our trusted trad-ing partners. The second major goal of the Cus-toms bill is to improve enforcement of our trade laws. Toward that end, the bill establishes a new process at CBP— with strict deadlines and judicial re-view—for dealing with evasion of our antidumping and countervailing duties laws. The bill also ensures that all dis-tributions required under the Contin-ued Dumping and Subsidy Act are made correctly. I am particularly pleased that the bill improves protections for intellec-tual property rights by creating addi-tional monitoring tools to detect viola-tions at the border and expanding re-quirements for USTR’s existing Special 301 Report on our trading partners’ IP enforcement efforts to include trade se-crets. It also establishes a chief innova-tion and intellectual property nego-tiator at USTR to better ensure that our trade agreements reflect our Na-tion’s interests in protecting intellec-tual property rights. Providing proper enforcement and protection for intellectual property rights—both domestically and inter-nationally—has long been a priority for me in large part because it is so impor-tant to Utahns. In Utah around 19 per-cent of the total workforce is directly employed in IP-intensive jobs, accord-ing to a recent report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Global Intel-lectual Property Center. That same study also noted that Utah’s IP indus-try employs, either directly or indi-rectly, over 590,000 Utahns—or more than half of Utah’s workforce. More importantly, the IP industry makes up nearly 80 percent of current exports from my home State. So, for obvious reasons, protecting IP was one of my main focuses in drafting the Customs bill, passing it here in the Senate, and putting together the conference report. I am very pleased that my colleagues on the conference committee shared my desire to improve upon our current efforts, and I think our inventors and innovators here at home—the people who drive so much of our economic growth and prosperity—will benefit greatly from this legislation. The report addresses other enforce-ment priorities as well, including pro-visions to give clear direction and ro-bust tools for identifying and address-ing currency manipulation from our trading partners, an issue that I know is of particular interest to a number of our Members here in the Senate, as well as to many of our domestic busi-nesses and industries. The result of all these enforcement provisions will be greater protections for American trad-ers and consumers and a greater assur-ance that foreign competitors will not have unfair advantages in the global marketplace. The third major goal of the Customs conference report is to strengthen the trade promotion authority statute that we enacted last year, reflecting various priorities and concerns from members of both parties. The conference report strengthens TPA by enhancing Congress’s oversight role in crafting trade policy, specifically with regard to administration nominees and at ne-gotiating rounds for future trade agree-ments. It also strongly reaffirms that trade agreements should not include and TPA procedures should not be used with respect to, provisions dealing with immigration policy or greenhouse gas emissions. The bill also establishes a new negotiating objective to address barriers American fishermen face in exporting U.S. fish, seafood, and shell-fish. In addition, the conference report im-proves provisions relating to traf-ficking in persons in order to strength-en Congressional oversight and ensure that appropriate steps are being taken to put an end to human trafficking. I think most of us would agree that we passed a good TPA bill last year. I certainly think that we did. The con-ference report on the Customs bill would simply ensure that the statute better reflects the bipartisan will and role of Congress in our trade negotia-tions. Those have been the three main goals of the Customs bill. With this con-ference report, I think we have reached good outcomes on all three. But that is not all. Other important issues are also addressed by the conference report. For example, the bill will combat po-litically motivated boycotts, divest-ments, and sanctions against Israel, bolstering our already strong economic ties with one of our most important strategic allies. The conference report also provides additional trade pref-erences for Nepal in order to promote economic recovery in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake last year. With this legislation, we will also take significant steps to promote small business exports and improve tariff classifications relating to footwear and outerwear. Finally, I want to acknowledge that a number of my colleagues—as well as businesses and job creators around the country—had hoped that the con-ference report on the Customs bill would include a reauthorization of the Miscellaneous Tariff Bills or MTBs. I shared my colleagues’ desire to pass MTBs with this vehicle. As you will re-call, a revised MTB process was, after all, passed by the Senate in the origi-nal version of the Customs bill. There are a handful of procedural concerns that complicate this issue— particularly over in the House—that made it difficult to adequately address MTBs in this conference report. How-ever, the conference report does in-clude a strong sense-of-Congress state-ment reaffirming our shared commit-ment to advancing MTB legislation in a process that provides robust con-sultation and is consistent with both House and Senate rules. And, on top of that, I just want to re-affirm my own commitment, as the chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over this issue, to find a process that both the House and the Senate can agree on and get MTBs over the finish line. Our businesses and manufacturers that benefit from MTBs have waited too long for Congress to act on this matter, and I am going to do whatever I can to forge a path for-ward. Let me just say that I am very pleased with the substance of this con-ference report. It has been a long road to get us here, but in my view, it has been worth it. I will have many people to thank in the coming days as we debate—and hopefully pass—the conference report here in the Senate. For now, I specifi-cally want to thank the vice chair of the conference committee, Chairman K
EVIN BRADY , for his work on both the committee itself and on the substance of the report. I also want to thank the ranking member of the Finance Com-mittee, Senator W
YDEN , for his efforts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.057 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES812 February 10, 2016 
to ensure that our final product was truly bipartisan. This is a good bill. It is not perfect, by any means. But once again, it pro-vides what I think are strong outcomes on many key policy priorities. Both the House and the Senate came into the conference with their own set of demands, which required some com-promise. However, throughout our ne-gotiations, I worked extremely hard to preserve the Finance Committee’s con-tributions to the Customs bill and to advance the Senate’s priorities on this legislation. And in that regard, I think we can all be pleased with the overall outcome, even if some compromises had to be made. I know that some of our members have specific objections to some of the individual compromises we had to make in order to get the deal done. I certainly don’t want to minimize any-one’s concerns. Instead, I will just say that this comes with the territory of passing legislation that tries to rec-oncile differences. As a whole, I believe this legislation provides a path on the Customs bill that members of both parties can get behind. I am hoping we can get past to-morrow’s cloture vote and final pas-sage and send the bill to the Presi-dent’s desk in short order. I urge all of my colleagues to work with us to make sure that happens. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDGE TOM JENSEN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the long career in public service of a good friend of mine and a friend to the Common-wealth of Kentucky, circuit court Judge Tom Jensen. After a lifetime of service in both elected office and on the bench, Judge Jensen has announced his retirement from the bench of the 27th Judicial Circuit Court, effective this February 16. Kentucky is going to miss his wisdom, his judgment, and the benefit of his many years of experi-ence. Judge Jensen has served for 3-plus years on the bench and, prior to that, had a lengthy career in the Kentucky General Assembly. He served in the Kentucky House of Representatives in the 1980s and 1990s. During his tenure there, he was elected as minority floor leader, the highest Republican position in the House of Representatives. In 1996, Tom chose to not seek reelec-tion to the house and instead was elected chairman of the Republican Party of Kentucky. During his leader-ship, the Kentucky GOP made some significant gains, adding an additional Republican to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives delegation and sending an-other Republican to the U.S. Senate. Republicans also gained control of the Kentucky State Senate for the first time in history under his watch. Judge Jensen was next elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 2005, rep-resenting the 21st District, which in-cluded Estill, Laurel, Powell, Jackson, and Menifee Counties. As a senator, he chaired the senate judiciary committee and the senate budget review sub-committee on justice and judiciary. He also served as the vice chairman of the senate natural resources and energy committee. Judge Jensen has been honored many times in the Commonwealth for his achievements. He won recognition as Senator of the Year 2011 by the Ken-tucky Narcotics Officer Association. He received the highest award from the Kentucky Department of Corrections. He received the 2011 Public Advocate Award for advancing justice through criminal justice reforms. His alma mater, the University of the Cum-berlands, also presented him an award for his leadership. After 18 years in the legislature, Judge Jensen has dispensed his wisdom from the bench for the last 3-plus years, where he presides over many cases involving drugs and drug of-fenses. He has won acclaim for his wis-dom and judicial temperament, but even though he has more than 6 years left in his current term, he has chosen to retire and re-enter private law prac-tice. Tom has practiced law in London since 1978, is licensed to practice in all courts of the Commonwealth, and has been admitted to practice before the sixth circuit of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court. It seems advocacy is Judge Jensen’s first love, and after a long and success-ful career, he wants to return to the role of advocacy in the courtroom. While he will certainly be missed on the bench, I know he will be an out-standing attorney and advocate for his clients, who will be very lucky to ben-efit from his experience. I know my colleagues join me in ex-tending congratulations and best wish-es to Judge Jensen and to his family: his wife, Nannette Curry Jensen; their two daughters, Natalie Jensen and Laura Jensen Hays; his son-in-law, Henry Hays; and grandchildren, Elle and Spencer. As Judge Jensen begins this new chapter in his career, I want to thank him for his career in public service and contributions to the Commonwealth of Kentucky. We will miss him on the bench or in the general assembly halls, but look forward to still seeing him in the courtroom. A local area newspaper in Kentucky published an article extoling Judge Jensen’s life of service. I ask unani-mous consent that the article be print-ed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Times-Tribune, Feb. 7, 2016] T
RI-COUNTY PROFILES : JUDGE , L EGISLATOR  
RETURNS TO PRIVATE PRACTICE AFTER DEC-
ADES OF SERVICE  (By Christina Bentley, Feature Writer) ‘‘Life’s too short not to do things you enjoy,’’ said Circuit Court Judge Tom Jen-sen, who recently announced his retirement from the bench of the 27th Judicial Circuit Court, effective Feb. 16. For Jensen, the thing he will be enjoying for the foreseeable future will be his London private law practice, although he said he has enjoyed every phase of his career, from his 181⁄4years of service in the Kentucky State Legislature to his three-plus years on the bench. But his heart right now is in return-ing to private practice. ‘‘I made a commitment that I would go back to my law office . . . When I left, I said, look, I’m just going to go stay three years, maybe four years, and then come back and practice law and finish up that way,’’’ he said. ‘‘I may take off a couple of weeks, but I am going back. My staff stayed in place, and I always promised them I’d come back, so I’m going to live up to my promise. And it’s time. I’ve thought about not going back. I’ve got six-and-a-half more years or so in this term, and I considered it. At my age, maybe that’s the smart thing to do. It’s not overwhelming work to me. A lot of people have asked me why I’m going back to prac-tice law, and the thing about it is I enjoyed that. I enjoyed that more than anything that I’ve ever done, I think.’’ Jensen said that while he has also enjoyed serving on the bench, he just doesn’t get the same sort of satisfaction from it as he does from the process of problem solving with cli-ents. ‘‘It just turned out that I would rather ad-vocate for somebody than be the mediator or make the decision,’’ he said. ‘‘I think I miss the give and take, the camaraderie you de-velop by talking to a client, meeting with people, trying to solve a problem, not decid-ing the issue or the problem, but trying to solve it. I don’t want to sound corny, but I think I’m a people person, and I don’t think that’s the role of a judge. I don’t think I’ll ever run for anything again, and I think I’d like to finish up practicing law.’’ Jensen’s passion for advocacy is also evi-dent when he discusses the years that he spent working in the Kentucky State Legis-lature, a political career that resulted in his recognition as Kentucky State Senator of the Year for 2011. ‘‘I enjoyed (the legislature),’’ Jensen said, ‘‘trying to make a difference. I think it was seeing if you could make things better. It sounds crazy, but it wasn’t the pay. Actu-ally, it probably cost me money, practicing law, being in the legislature, being gone those periods of time. But it was a good feel-ing if you got something accomplished. It was a good feeling that you thought you could make things better. Sometimes we were right, sometimes we weren’t. I think, you know, Kentucky’s my home, and I want-ed to make it as good as I possibly could. Of course, I wasn’t a dictator, and I wasn’t gov-ernor or anything like that, but I did, as Floor Leader in the House, have some impact on some things. We were able to put in some legislation that I think has made a dif-ference in the state. It moved at a snail’s pace; sometimes you’d get frustrated. Some-times you would argue that there was a bet-ter of doing it and you couldn’t get your way about it, but that’s democracy, and the one thing that I saw in the legislature: for the most part, people were up there for the right reasons. They were up there to make Ken-tucky better.’’ Jensen is proud of much of what he accom-plished in the legislature, but he said his sig-nature accomplishment was House Bill 463, designed to cut down on prison overcrowding in the state. ‘‘In about 2009 and 2010, we started looking at it,’’ he said. ‘‘We were actually using pri-vate prisons to house state prisoners, and it was costing the state a considerable amount of money. It was to the point that we were either going to have to build a new prison or we had to do something. So that’s when we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.057 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S813 February 10, 2016 
came up with (House Bill) 463 to put a lot of people on probation, more than we had in the past, mainly drug offenses, and it has done what we said it would do . . . Now some peo-ple might say we’re being too easy on them. The thing about drug addiction, the way I see it, in the courtroom, your criminal days are just filled up with drug cases. Most of them are pleading out, a lot of probation, some diversions. And then about 50 percent of them end up going to prison or jail any-way because they can’t comply with the terms. But still, if you look at it that way, it’s 50 percent, which is not a good rate, but actually there are 50 percent that aren’t going back, which is a good rate, and it has saved us a considerable amount of money.’’ Jensen said that while he won’t be running for office again, he enjoyed the political process and may involve himself in it in other ways, advocating for causes he believes in, primarily those that help his adopted hometown. ‘‘This will be the last political position that I have,’’ he said. ‘‘I’m not saying I won’t help out somebody politically or maybe get involved in somebody’s campaign, but I don’t think I’ll ever run for anything again. I think I’m done running. But I always liked politics . . . I intend to go back and practice law, but I might even lobby some. I’ve still got some real good friends in the legislature, so I might do that and lobby for some projects, mainly things that I think would help Laurel County.’’ For example, Jensen cites the ongoing ef-forts of Cumberland River Comprehensive Care to build a juvenile drug rehab in Laurel County as a project he would like to have more involvement in. ‘‘One of the things that I even worked on as judge was to try to help Cumberland River Comp Care get the old juvenile detention fa-cility,’’ he said. ‘‘I did help by going to Frankfort to talk to the governor and some others . . . What they want to do is have a juvenile rehab center in there, and I can tell you, looking at my court system, these peo-ple that are adults on drugs in my court, they didn’t start when they became 18. They started at 12, 13. It’s actually alarming when you talk to some of them, the age they began this stuff. So I felt like that was a really good endeavor to get into. I’d like to even help them maybe get some more money to fix up more of that building . . . it’s going to take considerable money to get it up and operating, and Comp Care has made the com-mitment to do it, but I thought I’d try to maybe help them, see if I could get them a little more money to help the renovation along a little quicker. That’s one of the projects I’ve developed for myself in retire-ment.’’ Jensen is not a Laurel County native, but he has spent his entire career here, after fol-lowing a basketball scholarship from his hometown of Cincinnati to Sue Bennett Jun-ior College nearly 50 years ago. ‘‘My high school coach was a guy named Ralph Rush, and he was from Bush, and of course I never heard of Bush, growing up in Cincinnati, but he brought me down here,’’ Jensen said. ‘‘My grades were not real good in school. I was not a particularly good stu-dent. I went to school mainly to play sports probably . . . But that’s what brought me down here, and I just kind of fell in love with it here in London and the surrounding area. I think I like the small town more than I ever did a big city. Even though London’s not a particularly small town anymore, I wouldn’t live anywhere else. This is it. When I left Sue Bennett, I had a lot of scholarship offers, and I went to Eastern Illinois Univer-sity. I went up there and just didn’t like it, and I quit. And this is 1969, I guess, and my dad was furious with me. Vietnam was going on, and he said, ’Here you are going to school for free. What are you going to do?’ And I said, ’Well, I’ll just join the Army.’ But my dad threw such a fit . . . So I came back down to London and talked to Ernie Wiggins, who was my coach at Sue Bennett . . . and it just so happened that night they were going to play at Cumberland College, and he asked me if I wanted to go down . . . I went to Cumberland and finished up there. I met my wife there. Got married. Came to London— that’s where her family’s from—and decided to go to law school about two years later.’’ Jensen married Nannette Curry and the couple have two daughters, Natalie Jensen and Laura Jensen Hays, who were growing up during Jensen’s time in the legislature. ‘‘I enjoyed . . . all those years doing that, looking back on them, other than the time I was away from my family,’’ Jensen said. ‘‘You know when you’re away from your kids and then they grow up, and if anything goes wrong, you start blaming yourself: should have been there more,’ but my wife did a really good job, she covered all the bases. She was a good mother, she was real in-volved with the kids.’’ These days, Jensen says he’s looking for-ward to having time to watch his grand-children swim—they are both on the swim team at Corbin High School—but he doesn’t really have any other hobbies. He said he wants to keep serving Laurel County, just in different ways. ‘‘How many years can you do this? I don’t know. I just know that I want to work until I can’t work anymore,’’ he said. He would like to continue to combat the drug problem in the area, something he has seen first-hand as a judge. ‘‘The biggest problem I see facing us today is drugs, and if you come and watch a crimi-nal day, it’s nearly all drugs, everybody that’s convicted. Now, they might have a theft with it, but they were stealing money to buy drugs . . . It’s really sad. I see that as a major problem, not only in Kentucky but across the nation,’’ Jensen said. All told, though, Jensen said he is proud of his life’s work and feels fortunate to have been able to accomplish what he has for the people of the region. ‘‘I’m glad I left Cincinnati to come down here. It’s just been a good life for me here,’’ Jensen said. ‘‘I’ve made a lot of good friends . . . I’ve been very fortunate. And the people of this community . . . have been really, really good to me. When I was in the Senate, I was representing five counties: Laurel, Jackson, Estill, Powell and Menifee coun-ties. They were always good to me. This (Laurel County) courthouse here, I put the money in the budget for this and the one in Jackson County, too. Those kind of things, when you look back on it, things you were able to accomplish, it kind of makes you feel good about some of it. Some of the things you couldn’t accomplish, you know, it’s frus-trating that you thought you knew the right way to go and couldn’t get there, but the things that you have gotten right . . . that makes you feel good. And I know what I ac-complished. I don’t need my name on a build-ing or anything to know what I did, and I’m pretty proud of the things I did accomplish. It’s up to the next generation now to accom-plish even more and do things even better.’’ f 
NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS AND POLICY ENHANCEMENT BILL Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I was necessarily absent from today’s vote, vote No. 20, on the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act due to events in Illinois. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ in support of H.R. 757, to advance sanc-tions against North Korea, and was glad to see it adopted. Today marks the ninth anniversary of President Obama’s announcement of his intention to run for President. He made the announcement from the steps of the old State capitol, the recon-structed building where Abraham Lin-coln delivered his ‘‘House Divided’’ speech in my hometown of Springfield, IL. Today, the President and I returned to Illinois to commemorate his historic announcement and his service in the Il-linois State Senate. I try to never miss votes, but this was a very special occa-sion in my home State. I have been deeply concerned about nuclear weapons programs in countries such as Iran and North Korea. Almost 10 years ago, I joined with then-Sen-ator Gordon Smith in introducing the Iran Counter-Proliferation Act, which became the basis for eventual petro-leum sanctions against Iran that helped compel a negotiated nuclear agreement. I also cosponsored and voted for the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Sanctions Consolidation Act, which became law in 2012. And I was pleased to be one of the three cosponsors of the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015 led by Senator MENENDEZ , key parts of which are included in the bill being voted on today. North Korea has bedeviled adminis-trations, both Republican and Demo-cratic alike, and as such, this legisla-tion is a step in the right direction. I have some concerns with the final bill in areas where I think more flexi-bility for the executive branch would have been appropriate, but such is the nature of compromise. North Korea’s recent actions testing nuclear weapons, launching missiles that could carry a nuclear warhead, and apparently restarting its pluto-nium production are all deeply trou-bling. North Korea’s leadership does this while many of its own people are starving or locked away in political prison camps. This is unconscionable. One often wonders how such an iso-lated and repressive regime is able to continue such dangerous antics. How does it pay for such endeavors and how does it pay off the sycophants and enablers needed to maintain such a police state? After all, a nuclear-armed, erratic North Korea is not only a threat to the United States and its allies in the re-gion, but to China as well. Such ac-tions clearly are not in China’s secu-rity interests. Yet, frustratingly, too often, China seems unwilling to take necessary steps to isolate and pressure the North Korean regime. I understand China doesn’t want a collapsed state on its border. I also understand it doesn’t want a unified, Western-leaning Korea on its border. But I ask our Chinese friends, is what we have today really serving Chinese security interests? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.040 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES814 February 10, 2016 
The North Korean leadership has thumbed its nose at the Chinese, ignor-ing entreaties and some measure of protection offered against tighter sanc-tions or Security Council action. I was recently in New York meeting with our talented Ambassador to the United Na-tions, Samantha Power, and I was dis-mayed at the challenge she faces in ob-taining greater Chinese help on this matter. Now, I know the Chinese and some other apologists will argue that North Korea is so isolated that further sanc-tions would not work and may even backfire. But we know that there have been effective measures against the North, for example, going after luxury goods and overseas accounts linked to the regime and ruling elite. Yet, despite international sanctions on luxury goods to North Korea, the New York Times recently reported how China loosely defines such goods and continues to allow North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s army’s to import equip-ment from China to build a world-class ski resort. That is right—a world-class ski re-sort in a country that can’t feed its own people. In fact, according to the report, Chi-nese customs data showed that North Korea imported $2.09 billion in luxury goods between 2012 and 2014, including armored cars and luxury yachts. And, according to United Nations trade statistics, in 2014, China exported $37 million worth of computers, $30 million of tobacco, $24 million of cars, and $9 million of air-conditioning equipment to North Korea. So I hope this legislation will tighten the measures against luxury goods used to buy loyalty for the regime. And I hope the Chinese realize that ignoring this regime is far riskier than working with the United States and others to rein in North Korea’s nuclear weapons program. Let us also not forget that in 2014, the U.N. General Assembly voted to refer the North Korean regime to the International Criminal Court for well- documented crimes against humanity. Earlier, a U.N. commission of inquiry report documented massive crimes against humanity in North Korea, in-cluding deliberate starvation, forced labor, executions, torture, rape, and in-fanticide, among other crimes—most of them committed in North Korea’s po-litical prison camp systems. The almost 400-page report concluded that the bulk of the crimes against hu-manity were committed ‘‘pursuant to policies set at the highest levels of the state’’ and were ‘‘without parallel in the contemporary world.’’ This criminal regime holds between 80,000–120,000 political prisoners in its system of gulags. So I am glad this sanctions legisla-tion also includes provisions that ad-dress North Korea’s terrible human rights record. Let me close by reaffirming my sup-port for our South Korean and Asian allies that are at the most immediate threat from North Korea—not to men-tion the more than 25,000 U.S. military personnel stationed in South Korea. As such, without progress on ending North Korea’s nuclear weapons program, I support the deployment of necessary missile defense technologies to help protect these allies. 
f 
DISAPPEARANCE OF 43 STUDENTS IN MEXICO Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it has been well over a year since 43 students from Ayotzinapa Rural Teachers’ Col-lege were forcibly disappeared in the state of Guerrero, Mexico. On Sep-tember 26, 2014, around 100 students from the college traveled to the city of Iguala. They were there to raise money and to obtain buses to attend a com-memoration of the infamous massacre of more than 600 students in the capital in 1968. The now former mayor of Iguala has been accused of ordering the attack on the students that evening. While the motive remains a mystery, what ap-pears to have occurred is that the po-lice used lethal force against the stu-dents, and the 43 who are missing were handed over to the criminal organiza-tion Guerreros Unidos. Six people were killed that day, and the fate of the 43 disappeared students remains un-known. After it became clear, thanks to the courageous and dogged work of foreign journalists that a horrific crime had been covered up by Guerrero officials and the police, the Mexican Govern-ment established the Interdisciplinary Group of Independent Experts of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights to provide independent analysis and technical assistance to the govern-ment. The experts’ September 2015 report, released on the eve of the 1-year anni-versary of this tragedy, exposed signifi-cant deficiencies in the government’s handling of the investigation and pro-vided an opportunity for the govern-ment to restore the integrity of its own inquiry. The government’s decision to extend the experts’ mandate in the fall was a welcome signal of political will and a desire to build credibility. But as the end of the experts’ man-date nears, President Pena Nieto is running out of time to demonstrate that that political will has a lasting impact. The manner in which this in-vestigation is conducted has grave im-plications not only for the victims of the attacks in Iguala and their fami-lies, but for the victims of countless other incidents in which Mexican citi-zens have vanished during the past dec-ade and remain unaccounted for. I urge the Mexican Government to fully support the experts’ investigation by ensuring maximum cooperation of all Mexican officials, including on issues related to the experts’ access to all those potentially involved in this incident and the serious pursuit of all possible leads the experts have identi-fied, including by soliciting assistance from the United States. I also urge the government to pub-licly refute the campaign that some have waged to delegitimize the experts as a way to discredit their work. If the experts’ work is forced to carry on with only the passive acquiescence of the government—or worse, subtle attempts to hinder its work—rather than its ac-tive support, the progress that has been made may be lost and with it the truth and the Mexican Government’s remaining credibility on this issue. The Mexican people, like people ev-erywhere who care about human rights, deserve to know what happened to these students. As I mentioned, we also know there are thousands of other cases in Mexico of disappearances and many reports by the National Human Rights Commission and reputable human rights organizations of inci-dents of torture and extrajudicial killings. The only way to effectively address the kind of lawlessness that has become far too prevalent in Mexico is to conduct credible, thorough inves-tigations and appropriately punish those responsible, so the message is clear that no one is above the law. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO FRED SEARS ∑Mr. COONS. Mr. President, today, on behalf of Delaware’s congressional del-egation of U.S. Senator T
OMCARPER  and U.S. Representative J
OHNCARNEY , I wish to recognize a close friend from Delaware, Fred Sears—a community leader and a passionate advocate for all in our community; a man whose name is synonymous with business leader-ship and public service in my home State of Delaware, and a man I am proud to call my friend. Fred is known statewide for his gen-erosity, his enthusiasm, and his busi-ness acumen. For decades, his impact has been felt by elected officials, non-profit and community leaders, and countless Delawareans of all back-grounds and careers. He is a true lead-er, an authentic champion of the com-munity, and the embodiment of what service means in Delaware. Fred Sears is a Delawarean through and through, born just blocks away from his boyhood home at what was then called Wilmington Hospital, he grew up across the river from Brandy-wine Zoo. This Delaware native at-tended Mt. Pleasant Elementary, Al-fred I. DuPont Junior High, and Wil-mington Friends School for high school. Fred went on to earn a business degree from the University of Delaware and had a great deal of fun, including a truly memorable spring break trip to the Bahamas with J
OEBIDEN, his class-mate and friend. After graduating from UD in 1964, Fred began a nearly 40-year career in banking. Fresh out of college, Fred was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.044 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S815 February 10, 2016 
scheduled to interview for a job with the Bank of Delaware, but accidentally walked into Delaware Trust instead. Fortunately, Delaware Trust was also hiring, and after starting as a manage-ment trainee, he rose to become the in-stitution’s first vice president of busi-ness development. From there, Fred went on to later work at Wilmington Trust, Beneficial National Bank, and ultimately Commerce Bank, where he was Delaware market president. While Fred was well and widely known as a leader in our financial serv-ices industry, he found many other ways to serve our community as well. Early in his career, Mayor Tom Malo-ney asked his friend Fred to take a leave of absence from Delaware Trust to serve as the city’s director of fi-nance and then later as director of eco-nomic development. Fred not only ful-filled those two roles terrifically, but decided afterwards to run for an at- large city council seat in 1976. Fred won and went on to serve two full terms. Many of us in younger generations of politics after Fred’s elected service have called on his wisdom, his insight, and his ability to bring people to-gether, as we had important decisions to make. So Fred served on the transi-tion teams of Wilmington Mayor James Sills, Delaware Governor Ruth Ann Minner, and co-chaired my transi-tion team after I was elected New Cas-tle county executive in 2004. For many of us, decades of success in finance, in business, in politics might be the hallmark of a complete and suc-cessful career, but for Fred, these expe-riences were just a few of the ways he fulfilled a lifelong passion for service in our State of Neighbors. Just over 13 years ago, while Fred was at Commerce Bank, our mutual friend Jim Gilliam, Jr., called Fred one day and said to him, ‘‘I have a job for you.’’ After some convincing, Fred accepted the job, and since then, he has served admirably at the helm of one of the most important organizations in Delaware: the Dela-ware Community Foundation. The DCF plays an integral role in my home State, helping local nonprofits direct philanthropy to Delaware’s most wor-thy causes and encouraging long-term charitable giving to improve our State. Since Fred began as CEO in 2002, the DCF has tripled its long-term chari-table funds and built its assets to $285 million. Dozens of nonprofits and com-munity funds have flourished under Fred’s leadership, and he and his team and their astute financial guidance continues to generate the funding that enables them to serve. Fred didn’t join the DCF though just to raise money and just to be important and recog-nized; rather, he sought to improve the entire philanthropic community and quality of community life in Delaware, and his success in doing so reflects his values and his vision. Fred is a true leader: honest, insight-ful, thoughtful; creative, positive and confident. And Fred possesses that rare quality: the ability to inspire others. He has used his passion for service to motivate the next generation of great leaders in our State. Take, for example, one of Fred’s many initiatives called the Next Gen-eration. It is one he is most proud of— and justifiably so. Next Gen takes groups of civic-minded young profes-sionals with limited or no experience in philanthropy and, with just the right amount of guidance and encour-agement, helps mold them into non-profit board leaders. Since 2004, Next Gen’s chapters up and down the State have helped direct over $300,000 in grants to community needs all over my home State of Delaware. My good friend Tony Allen, who also calls Fred a mentor and a friend and a brother, tells a story of how Fred helped establish the African-American Community Empowerment Fund. The fund is today known as the Council on Urban Empowerment, and it promotes philanthropy that supports edu-cational, social, and economic em-powerment of African-American Dela-wareans. As Tony notes, Fred didn’t just help establish the fund, he wasn’t just one of its first donors; he attended every meeting of the group. In 2010, Tony introduced Fred when Fred Sears was set to receive an award for non-profit leadership. As Tony put it then, ‘‘While patience is a virtue, impatience is a weapon. And Fred can be appro-priately impatient. Fred doesn’t demur to what others would call insurmount-able tasks and taboo topics of con-versation. He takes every opportunity to constructively push the status quo.’’ Tony’s absolutely right, and given that legacy of leadership, it is no sur-prise Fred has been honored by count-less organizations for his business and community efforts. He has received a Lifetime Achievement in Philanthropy Award from the Association of Fund-raising Professionals. He has been given a distinguished service award from the Wilmington Rotary Club. He has been deemed a Superstar in Busi-ness by the Delaware State Chamber and was named Citizen of the Year by the Delmarva Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Those awards and merits are cer-tainly a reflection of Fred’s values and his many successes. But those of us who have had the privilege to work closely with Fred and to know him know that his commitment to service shines most brightly in the hundreds of interactions he has with Delawareans every day, whether he is offering ideas and advice or just saying a quick hello. We know that even though Fred’s leaving the Delaware Community Foundation, he will undoubtedly con-tinue to serve the community he loves. In fact, Fred just accepted an appoint-ment from Governor Markell to chair Delaware’s Expenditure Review Com-mission, suggesting Fred has no inten-tion of taking ‘‘retirement’’ literally. In a testament to Fred’s thoughtful-ness, leadership, and sense of compas-sion, just a day after the passing of our beloved friend Beau Biden earlier this year, Fred spoke to the Bidens and of-fered to help the family establish an organization in Beau’s name. That idea became the Beau Biden Foundation for the Protection of Children—and 2 days after it was launched, they had already raised over $125,000. If this is all there was to Fred’s story, it would be a remarkable one, but there is even more to Fred as a businessman, a philanthropist, and a person. If you speak to those who have been around him the longest, they will tell you his true passion is his family: his wife, JoAnn; his son, Graham; his daughter-in-law, Kathryn; his son, Jason; his daughter-in-law, Jen; and of course his treasured grandchildren, Kylie, Paxton, and Charlie. I have no doubt that Fred’s retirement means he will be spending a lot more time as Pop Pop to his three treasures, becoming even more of a fixture at their frequent school functions and their baseball and soccer games. Fred’s friends and family will also tell you how much he adored his moth-er, Marjorie, visiting her daily at Stonegates until her passing, and how much he cares for his father-in-law today. They will tell you that Fred loves dancing, snappy suspenders, and vinyl records. Fred’s friend Tom Shopa will tell you about Fred’s passion for golf and how, for decades, he has kept track of all of his golf scores, the number of putts he made, the weather that day—recording every single detail just as his father did. Fred’s friends and colleagues will tell you they hear Fred say thank you dozens of times every day. Today I pause for a moment on the floor of this great institution to say thank you to Fred. Thank you for giv-ing your time and talents over decades to more than 40 community nonprofit organizations, for serving on countless boards, from Christiana Care to the Rodel Foundation, from the Housing Partnership, to the United Way. Thank you for your decades of service to Wil-mington and Delaware and for a life-long commitment to family, friends, and community. Fred, as our friend Tony Allen puts it, everyone in Dela-ware is better off because of your ef-forts. On behalf of Senator T
OMCARPER and Congressman J
OHN CARNEY , I whole-heartedly thank you, Fred Sears, and congratulations on many jobs well done. I eagerly look forward to seeing where your so-called retirement will take you next.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ALEX DIEKMANN ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, at the beginning of February, Montana lost a true conservationist. Alexander Boris Diekmann, 52 years old, passed away peacefully at his Bozeman home after battling cancer for many years. He is survived by his wife, Lisa, and his two sons, Logan and Liam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.031 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES816 February 10, 2016 
Alex is originally from California, graduated from Yale University, and previously worked as a financial ana-lyst and in a commercial real estate agency before deciding to pursue his love of the outdoors and taking a posi-tion with the Trust for Public Land in Bozeman, MT. In Bozeman, Alex worked as a senior project manager for the Trust for Pub-lic Land. He not only worked diligently to increase access to public lands, but also strived to secure Montana’s beau-ty for many years to come. Alex did just that through his 16 years of work to protect the Madison and greater Yellowstone Area, which include the Taylor Fork in the Gallatin Canyon, Three Dollar Bridge, Chestnut Moun-tain, and Frog Rock and the restora-tion of O’Dell Creek in the Madison Valley. A large part of his success came from Alex’s remarkable ability to facilitate open dialogue and cooperation amongst different interest groups, such as land-owners, government agencies, elected officials, and nonprofits. Alex was known as a man very pas-sionate about his work and his efforts to preserve open spaces will have a lasting impact for many years to come. His heartfelt love for conservation can be understood by his own words: ‘‘It is unbelievable how proud people are of being involved in this (conservation) and that’s something you can’t put a price tag on. The rewards are entirely different. It is all about the heartfelt connection we have with the places we help conserve.’’ He worked on more than 55 projects and helped to preserve more than 100,000 acres during his time with the Trust for Public Lands. Some of his ac-complishments also include conserving 23,000 acres of forested lands sur-rounding Whitefish, MT. As a result of Alex’s efforts, there is also an abundance of wildlife habitat, water resources, and migratory cor-ridors that are now secured in Mon-tana. Despite Alex’s impressive achieve-ments from his time with the Trust for Public Land, he kept a humble spirit and truly cared about the people he worked with. He considered the con-cerns of others when making decisions and going about his work. He has been described by some of his colleagues as honest, warm, generous, creative, and extremely dedicated. Alex Diekmann, you will be greatly missed, but your legacy of conserva-tion lives on. Thank you for doing what you did to keep the beauty of Montana secure for generations to come. Montanans thank you, and I thank you.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting a sundry nomination and treaties which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 10:03 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3033. An act to require the President’s annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the Na-tional Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct re-search on dyslexia. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 12:55 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 677. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual cost-of- living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for sur-vivors of certain service-connected disabled veterans, and for other purposes. H.R. 890. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Florida. H.R. 2360. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of cer-tain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 2915. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such pro-grams by the Secretary, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3016. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to health care, edu-cational assistance, and vocational rehabili-tation, to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, and for other purposes. H.R. 3036. An act to designate the National September 11 Memorial located at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a national memorial, and for other purposes. H.R. 3106. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects. H.R. 3234. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to evaluate the ability of each medical center of the Department to provide quality health care to veterans, to ensure that the Secretary improves such medical centers that are underperforming, and for other purposes. H.R. 3262. An act to provide for the convey-ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois. H.R. 3894. An act to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the prompt notifica-tion of State Child Protective Services by military and civilian personnel of the De-partment of Defense required by law to re-port suspected instances of child abuse and neglect. H.R. 4056. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Af-fairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida. H.R. 4437. An act to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 677. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for annual cost-of- living adjustments to be made automatically by law each year in the rates of disability compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for sur-vivors of certain service-connected disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 890. An act to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Florida; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 2360. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of cer-tain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2915. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such pro-grams by the Secretary, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H.R. 3016. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs relating to health care, edu-cational assistance, and vocational rehabili-tation, to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3036. An act to designate the National September 11 Memorial located at the World Trade Center site in New York City, New York, as a national memorial, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 3106. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3234. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to evaluate the ability of each medical center of the Department to provide quality health care to veterans, to ensure that the Secretary improves such medical centers that are underperforming, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10FE6.001 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S817 February 10, 2016 
other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3262. An act to provide for the convey-ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3894. An act to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the prompt notifica-tion of State Child Protective Services by military and civilian personnel of the De-partment of Defense required by law to re-port suspected instances of child abuse and neglect; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. H.R. 4056. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to convey to the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs all right, title, and interest of the United States to the property known as ‘‘The Community Living Center’’ at the Lake Baldwin Veterans Af-fairs Outpatient Clinic, Orlando, Florida; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4437. An act to extend the deadline for the submittal of the final report required by the Commission on Care; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4318. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl), a-(3- carboxy-1-oxosulfopropyl)-w-hydroxy, alkyl (C10-C16) ethers, disodium salts; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9941–15–OCSPP) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4319. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Orchids in Growing Media from Tai-wan’’ ((RIN0579–AE01) (Docket No. APHIS– 2014–0041)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 4, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4320. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of General Counsel of the Department of the Army, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 4, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4321. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to per-sons undermining democratic processes or institutions in Zimbabwe that was declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4322. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ukraine that was originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4323. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuban Assets Con-trol Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 515) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4324. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ven-ezuela that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4325. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Pumps’’ ((RIN1904–AC54) (Docket No. EERE–2012–BT–STD–0031)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4326. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Disapproval of California Air Plan Revisions, South Coast Air Quality Manage-ment District’’ (FRL No. 9941–72–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4327. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Final Authorization of State-initi-ated Changes and Incorporation by Reference of Approved State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program’’ (FRL No. 9940–27–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4328. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Missouri’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Americold Logistics, LLC 24-Hour Particulate Matter (PM10) Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) Consent Judgment’’ (FRL No. 9941– 68–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4329. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plan Revisions; Rules, Gen-eral Requirements and Test Methods; Utah’’ (FRL No. 9933–49–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4330. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana’’ (FRL No. 9941– 51–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4331. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Inver Hills SO2’’ (FRL No. 9941–53–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4332. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; KY; Emissions Statements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9941–64–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4333. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Additions to List of Section 241.4 Cat-egorical Non-Waste Fuels’’ ((RIN2050–AG74) (FRL No. 9929–56–OLEM)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4334. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan, Santa Barbara County Air Pollution Control District; Permit Pro-gram’’ (FRL No. 9940–19–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 5, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4335. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9941–11–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4336. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Plan Revisions; Ari-zona; Rescissions and Corrections’’ (FRL No. 9942–03–Region 9) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4337. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; California; San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollution Control Dis-trict; Employer Based Trip Reduction Pro-grams’’ (FRL No. 9941–16–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 5, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4338. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Administration for Aging, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘State Health Insurance As-sistance Program (SHIP)’’ (RIN0985–AA11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 4, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4339. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Health Insurance Providers Fee; Procedural and Administra-tive Guidance’’ (Notice 2016–14) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.007 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES818 February 10, 2016 
EC–4340. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2016–10’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4341. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Permitted Dis-parity in Employer-Provided Contributions or Benefits’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–05) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4342. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Cred-itable Foreign Taxes’’ ((RIN1545–BM57) (TD 9748)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4343. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare National Coverage Determinations for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4344. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–122); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4345. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the interdiction of aircraft engaged in illicit drug trafficking; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4346. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–050); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4347. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0012—2016–0021); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4348. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition Library Address; Tech-nical Amendments’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015– N–0011) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4349. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Directorate of Cooperative and State Programs, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Maine State Plan for State and Local Gov-ernment Employers’’ (RIN1218–AB97) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4350. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Exten-sion of Temporary Placement of PB–22, 5F– PB–22, AB–FUBINACA and ADB–PINACA in Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act’’ (Docket No. DEA–385E) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4351. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of the Synthetic Cannabinoid MAB–CHMINACA into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–421F) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4352. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Table of Excluded Nonnarcotic Products: Nasal De-congestant Inhaler/Vapor Inhaler’’ (Docket No. DEA–409) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–4353. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Table of Excluded Products: Vicks VapoInhaler’’ ((RIN1117–AB39) (Docket No. DEA–367)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4354. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Elimination of Nonimmigrant Visa Exemp-tion for Certain Caribbean Residents Coming to the United States as H–2A Agricultural Workers’’ ((RIN1651–AB09) (CBP Dec. 16–03)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4355. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Com-petition, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 7A of the Clayton Act’’ (FR Doc. 2016–01451) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–4356. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8433)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4357. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1275)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4358. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0678)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4359. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1427)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4360. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1991)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4361. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0824)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4362. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1045)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4363. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1429)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4364. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0937)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4365. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1981)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4366. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.009 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S819 February 10, 2016 
AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1422)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4367. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1984)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4368. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1990)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4369. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1281)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4370. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1990)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4371. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1987)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4372. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3140)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4373. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0081)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4374. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0447)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4375. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1049)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4376. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2967)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4377. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Limited’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–2068)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4378. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1982)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4379. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4213)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4380. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1935)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4381. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8695)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4382. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0577)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4383. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Specialist, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH (formerly Eurocopter Deutsch-land GmbH) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0669)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4384. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; MD Helicopters, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1998)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4385. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6823)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4386. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (56); Amdt. No. 3676’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4387. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (131); Amdt. No. 3675’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4388. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (49); Amdt. No. 3673’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4389. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (15); Amdt. No. 3674’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4390. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.012 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES820 February 10, 2016 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (124); Amdt. No. 3677’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4391. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (19); Amdt. No. 3678’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4392. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–2069)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4393. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following New York Towns; Elmira, NY; Ithaca, NY; Poughkeepsie, NY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4514)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4394. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; El Paso TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1074)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4395. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Boise, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3674)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4396. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion and Establishment of Class E Airspace; Bowman, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1834)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4397. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace, Rev-ocation of Class E Airspace; Chico, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3899)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4398. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace; Denver, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6753)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4399. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of VOR Federal Airway V–443; North Central United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7611)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 8, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4400. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of United States Area Navigation (RNAV) Route Q–35, Western United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2013–6001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4401. A communication from the Direc-tor, National Marine Fisheries Service, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; North At-lantic Swordfish Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XE295) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4402. A communication from the Direc-tor, National Marine Fisheries Service, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE346) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4403. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Critical Habitat for Endangered North Atlantic Right Whale’’ (RIN0648–AY54) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 5, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4404. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Listing Determinations on Proposal to List the Banggai Cardinalfish and Harrisson’s Dogfish Under the Endan-gered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XE328) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–129. A concurrent resolution adopted by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio urging the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to take action to improve pre-vention, diagnosis, and treatment of Lyme disease; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NUMBER 51 Whereas, Lyme disease is the most com-mon tick-borne illness in the United States, with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimating that 300,000 Americans are diagnosed with the disease each year; and Whereas, Many cases of Lyme disease are never reported to the CDC, as only approxi-mately 30,000 of the estimated 300,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported to the CDC by state health departments each year; and Whereas, Lyme disease can cause dev-astating health consequences if left un-treated, such as severe pain, heart palpita-tions, and chronic neurological damage; and Whereas, Diagnosis of Lyme disease is dif-ficult because there is no general consensus on the definition of its symptoms and the symptoms are similar to those of other con-ditions, leading to misdiagnoses. Further-more, current Lyme disease testing methods often lead to inaccurate results; and Whereas, There remains much debate in the medical community concerning the prop-er courses of action for diagnosing and for treating Lyme disease; and Whereas, Greater knowledge of Lyme dis-ease and its causes will put the general pub-lic in a better position to avoid contracting the disease: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That we, the members of the 131st General Assembly of the State of Ohio, in adopting this resolution, urge the CDC to take the following actions: (1) Update definitions of Lyme disease symptoms by clinical diagnosis; (2) Reconsider standards and best practices for diagnosing and for treating Lyme dis-ease; (3) Provide more resources for health care professionals and the general public to learn about Lyme disease to aid in prevention, di-agnosis, and treatment of the disease; (4) Improve the techniques that state and local public health agencies use to report cases of Lyme disease diagnoses so that fewer cases go unreported and the CDC can better monitor the incidence of the disease across the nation; (5) Provide the means for improved labora-tory testing or funding for improved labora-tory testing to enhance early detection of Lyme disease in humans; and be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives transmit duly authenticated copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, to the United States Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, to the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, to the President Pro Tempore and Secretary of the United States Senate, to the members of the Ohio Congressional delegation, and to the news media of Ohio. 
POM–130. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Michigan urging the United States Department of Vet-erans Affairs and the United States Congress to create a pilot program in Michigan insti-tuting a flexible Veterans Choice Card sys-tem structured similar to a traditional health care program for all veterans in Michigan; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 7 Whereas, The men and women who serve our country deserve our utmost respect and appreciation. Many of them are injured in the line of duty and come home to face chal-lenging physical disabilities and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.014 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S821 February 10, 2016 
health issues. All veterans are entitled to the best health care we can give them; and Whereas, According to the U.S. Govern-ment Accountability Office, several vari-ables affect a veteran’s ability to access VA health care. Veterans may have difficulty travelling to a distant facility for care or be unable to secure an appointment in an ac-ceptable period of time to deal quickly with a medical issue; and Whereas, To provide a more flexible VA health care system, Congress enacted the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, allowing for care outside of the traditional VA system. Under the act, the new Choice Program will provide many vet-erans with VA compensated health care at a non-VA center, providing more timely ap-pointments, less bureaucratic red tape, and easier travel; and Whereas, As currently structured, the Choice Program limits non-VA health care to veterans residing more than 40 miles from a VA health facility. The law does not dif-ferentiate between types of VA health care facilities. Therefore, a veteran living near a small VA clinic but needing specialty cardi-ology care at a VA facility 100 miles away will not be allowed to access private cardi-ology care. Also, the program requires that every appointment for care be cleared by a program manager: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate Concurring), That we urge the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and the United States Congress to create a pilot program in Michigan instituting a flexible Veterans Choice Card system structured similar to a traditional health care program for all veterans in Michigan; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the mem-bers of the Michigan congressional delega-tion, and the United States Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs. 
POM–131. A petition by a citizen from the State of Texas urging the United States Con-gress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would establish a proce-dure by which members of the United States Senate and of the United States House of Representatives may be involuntarily re-moved from office by means of a recall elec-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 99. A resolution calling on the Gov-ernment of Iran to fulfill its promises of as-sistance in the case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 330. A resolution congratulating the Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet for win-ning the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments and with a preamble: S. Res. 361. A resolution urging robust funding for humanitarian relief for Syria. EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Beth F. Cobert, of California, to be Direc-tor of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 2527. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the mental health treatment provided by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to veterans who served in clas-sified missions; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. NELSON: S. 2528. A bill to promote the safe manufac-ture, use, and transportation of lithium bat-teries and cells, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. 2529. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act to require that the Buy American purchase require-ment for the school lunch program include fish harvested within United States waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 2530. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the exemption for certain aircraft from the excise taxes on transportation by air; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 2531. A bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that en-gage in commerce-related or investment-re-lated boycott, divestment, or sanctions ac-tivities targeting Israel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 2532. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and the Clean Water State Revolving Fund; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 2533. A bill to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California and provide for long-term investments in drought resiliency throughout the Western United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. TOOMEY: S. 2534. A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a perma-nent background check system for private security officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 2535. A bill to provide deadlines for cor-rosion control treatment steps for lead and copper in drinking water, and other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. MORAN ): S. 2536. A bill to require the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking re-garding the inclusion in aircraft medical kits of medications and equipment to meet the emergency medical needs of children; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2537. A bill to amend the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1987 with respect to certain prohibi-tions regarding the Palestine Liberation Or-ganization under that Act; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ): S. 2538. A bill to provide resources and in-centives for the enforcement of immigration laws in the interior of the United States and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. R
EED, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 2539. A bill to amend the Social Security Act to provide for mandatory funding, to en-sure that the families that have infants and toddlers, have a family income of not more than 200 percent of the applicable Federal poverty guideline, and need child care have access to high-quality infant and toddler child care by the end of fiscal year 2026, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. Res. 370. A resolution recognizing that for nearly 40 years, the United States and the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) have worked toward stability, pros-perity, and peace in Southeast Asia; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mrs. F
ISCHER , and Mr. S ASSE): S. Con. Res. 30. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organiza-tions, or to refrain from such activi-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.018 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES822 February 10, 2016 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 800 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 800, a bill to improve, coordinate, and enhance rehabilitation research at the National Institutes of Health. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1081 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1081, a bill to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1378 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1378, a bill to strength-en employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Govern-ment. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and individual health insurance cov-erage and group health plans to provide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medi-cations administered by a health care provider. 
S. 1622 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1622, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to devices. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. COCHRAN ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal juris-diction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1909 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1909, a bill to protect communities from de-structive Federal overreach by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Devel-opment. 
S. 1968 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1968, a bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to re-quire certain companies to disclose in-formation describing any measures the company has taken to identify and ad-dress conditions of forced labor, slav-ery, human trafficking, and the worst forms of child labor within the com-pany’s supply chains. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from request-ing that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record infor-mation before the applicant has re-ceived a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2040 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2040, a bill to deter ter-rorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2144, a bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2166 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2166, a bill to amend part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to ensure that mental health screenings and as-sessments are provided to children and youth upon entry into foster care. 
S. 2178 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2178, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent certain provisions of the Heart-land, Habitat, Harvest, and Horti-culture Act of 2008 relating to timber, and for other purposes. 
S. 2218 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. MARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2218, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical ac-tivity, fitness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2235, a bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2272 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2272, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 regarding propri-etary institutions of higher education in order to protect students and tax-payers. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2423, a bill making appro-priations to address the heroin and opioid drug abuse epidemic for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2444 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2444, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the disposition, within 60 days, of an appli-cation to exempt a projectile from classification as armor piercing ammu-nition. 
S. 2469 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2469, a bill to repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. 
S. 2474 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2474, a bill to allow for additional markings, including the words ‘‘Israel’’ and ‘‘Product in Israel,’’ to be used for country of origin marking require-ments for goods made in the geo-graphical areas known as the West Bank and Gaza Strip. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to iden-tify mental health care and suicide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.023 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S823 February 10, 2016 
prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women vet-erans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
S. 2492 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2492, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide matching payments for retirement savings contributions by certain indi-viduals. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protec-tions for retail customers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2502 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Wyo-ming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2502, a bill to amend the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2505 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2505, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that retire-ment investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes. 
S. 2512 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2512, a bill to expand the tropical disease product priority re-view voucher program to encourage treatments for Zika virus. 
S. RES. 346 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 346, a resolution expressing oppo-sition to the European Commission in-terpretive notice regarding labeling Israeli products and goods manufac-tured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions undermine the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3167 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3167 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2012, an original bill to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3215 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3215 intended to be proposed to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 2533. A bill to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California and provide for long-term investments in drought resiliency throughout the Western United States; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the historic drought that is devastating California and much of the West. To help address this disaster, today I am introducing the California Long- Term Provisions for Water Supply and Short-Term Provisions for Emergency Drought Relief Act. Let me begin by saying that the El Nin˜o we’re seeing now in California brings with it some good news. The Sierra Nevada snowpack is the deepest it has been in 5 years, and water content is up. The California Department of Water Resources reported in early-February that the statewide snowpack stands at 25.4 inches, or 130 percent of the histor-ical average. But we are faced with three prob-lems. First, one El Nin˜o—even a strong El Nin˜o—won’t be sufficient to pull us out of this drought. Experts say we need at least 3 consecutive years of above-aver-age precipitation. Second, we lack the infrastructure needed to store much of this water. We need to do more to increase the amount of water we can hold from wet years to dry years. And while river flows are extremely high from these winter storms, we are not taking advantage of them to the extent we should. What that means is tens of thousands of acre-feet are flowing out into the Pacific Ocean rather than being col-lected for later use. So while California is getting some much-needed rain, it’s not likely to be enough to end this historic drought. Let me be clear; this drought is hurt-ing California. Mr. President, 69 communities are facing significant water supply and water quality issues, 2,591 wells are critically low or dry affecting some 13,000 residents; California’s economy lost $2.7 billion from the drought in 2015. The agricultural sector lost approxi-mately $1.8 billion from the drought in 2015, exceeding the $41.5 billion loss in 2014. More than 1 million acres of Cali-fornia farmland were fallowed in 2015, an increase of more than 600,000 acres over 2011. Since 2014, the drought has led to 35,000 permanent jobs lost in Cali-fornia, 21,000 seasonal and part-time agricultural jobs have also been lost. Farmworkers cannot find employ-ment and are forced to move in with family members or friends who are also struggling. Some single mothers are traveling as far as Washington State for work to help support their families. Land subsidence from pumping too much groundwater has caused large areas of the San Joaquin Valley to sink by as much as two inches per month. As a result, bridges, aqueducts and roads have already begun to crack. Mr. President, 50 million large trees are dead or likely will die from lack of water, and another 888 million trees ex-perienced loss of canopy cover since 2011. These are just some of the many ex-amples of the dreadful effect the drought is having on California. The bill I am introducing today in-cludes a wide range of provisions to ad-dress two key needs: First, long-term solutions. In addi-tion to helping the many communities that are running out of water, we must create a new water infrastructure that is not as dependent on annual levels of rain or snow. That is why the bill in-cludes many programs to promote long-term drought resiliency. California is now home to 40 million people, but is relying on State and Fed-eral water infrastructure first con-structed in the 1960s when California’s population was just 16 million. The Central Valley Project and the State Water Project were completed in the 1970s, and neither have kept pace with the rapid growth in California’s population or economy. Put another way, California’s major water infrastructure has remained largely unchanged for the past 40 years while California’s population has more than doubled. To address this, we must come up with long-term solutions to address these water infrastructure gaps. This must include investments in water storage projects, desalination plants and water recycling projects, as well as programs to assist vulnerable communities, fund research and sup-port ecosystem restoration. In addition to those long-term solu-tions, the bill would also provide short- term, temporary solutions which are limited to the duration of the Gov-ernor’s drought declaration or two years, whichever is longer. These provisions will help make the water-delivery system more efficient during this current drought, and they will do so without any mandated pump-ing levels. Under this bill State and Federal of-ficials will continue to determine ap-propriate pumping levels, and all short- term operations must comply with ex-isting applicable laws. Let me repeat: there are no man-dated levels of pumping in this bill. Let me briefly discuss how this bill will help California and the positive impacts it will have west-wide. Over the past 2 years, my staff and I have gone through an extensive con-sultation process with both State and Federal agencies. We have worked through every pro-posal or suggestion we received from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.025 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES824 February 10, 2016 
those agencies and all are incorporated in the bill I am introducing today. On the Federal side, we worked with the Department of the Interior; De-partment of Commerce; Bureau of Rec-lamation; U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers; Fish and Wildlife Service; NOAA Fisheries; and the White House Council on Environmental Quality. On the State side, we worked with the California Natural Resources Agen-cy; California Department of Water Re-sources; California Department of Fish and Wildlife; and the Office of the Gov-ernor of California. In addition to integrating proposals from State and Federal agency experts, we have incorporated feedback from a variety of stakeholders including envi-ronmental groups; urban and agricul-tural water districts; wildlife advocates and Democratic and Republican con-gressional offices. As part of the consultation process, we received and incorporated more than 40 suggested changes. I would first like to cover the long- term provisions. As I said, California is home to around 40 million people, but has the same water infrastructure as the 1960s, when only 16 million people lived in the state. Given the changing climate, I believe that California will become a desert state if we don’t act. Droughts will only become more frequent and more severe. That’s why the long-term provisions of this bill look at new sources of water and new ways to store water. These long-term provisions authorize a total of $1.3 billion and include de-salination, recycling, storage, and loan assistance for drought-stricken com-munities. And as I said, these invest-ments can produce a new water infra-structure not as dependent on weather. This bill increases the WaterSMART authorization by $150 million for long- term water conservation, reclamation and recycling. Some of these WaterSMART funds can then be used for a new Bureau of Reclamation program to help rural and disadvantaged communities that are running out of water. These grants would cover everything from emer-gency bottled water to long-term solu-tions like water treatment facilities. But we also need to look beyond the current emergency and consider ways we can shift these communities from vulnerable water sources like wells to more sustainable and resilient water systems. That’s why this bill prioritizes money from the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s Revolving Loan Fund for water infrastructure projects that would help drought-stricken commu-nities that are at risk of running out of clean water. This bill also authorizes $200 million for the Reclamation Infrastructure Fi-nance and Innovation Act, known as RIFIA. This loan-guarantee program will help water districts and munici-palities fund long-term solutions to store more water and provide addi-tional clean water. We also need to invest in desalina-tion and water recycling. These are two of the most promising technologies that may offer long-term solutions. The bill identifies 137 local recycling and desalination projects that, if con-structed, could produce upwards of 1.4 million acre feet in ‘‘new’’ water. This includes 27 desalination projects identified by the State—totaling more than 352,000 acre-feet of water—that the Secretary of the Interior must con-sider funding if eligible. The bill also reauthorizes the Desali-nation Act and authorizes $100 million for feasibility studies and project de-sign as well as desalinization research to improve the energy co-efficient from reverse osmosis and membrane tech-nology. These funds run through 2020. In addition, the bill identifies 110 water recycling projects that the Sec-retary of the Interior must consider funding. These projects total more than 1,060,334 acre-feet of water. The bill authorizes $200 million for the Bureau of Reclamation’s Title XVI water recycling program and stream-lines the program by eliminating the hurdle of congressional authorization for individual projects. We also have to encourage public-pri-vate partnerships. That’s why the bill funds a loan-guarantee program and other financing mechanisms to help make projects a reality. If all the projects identified in the bill were completed, nearly 1.4 million acre-feet of ‘‘new’’ water could be made available. Given the consensus that droughts will grow more severe, we have to in-crease the amount of water we can hold from wet years for use in dry years. In order to help accomplish this, the bill authorizes $600 million for water storage projects in California and other Western States. These funds would be available through 2025. But the Federal Government can’t do it all on its own. California signaled that it’s ready by enacting a $7.5 bil-lion water bond. The bill therefore po-sitions the federal government as a partner with California to take advan-tage of these funds to build new res-ervoirs and expand existing reservoirs. Recognizing that the drought has taken a toll on many aspects of life in California, including fish and wildlife, this bill authorizes $55 million for habi-tat restoration efforts. Measures in-clude protections for the entire life cycle of fish, from increasing spawning habitat to reducing mortality during migration out to the ocean; reducing threats to fish, including smelt and salmon, by removing predators such as striped bass from specific locations where they prey on endangered fish; using real-time monitoring of turbidity and fish to determine pumping rates, rather than specific congressional man-dates or targets; funding daily boat monitoring to survey for smelt near the pumps when turbidity levels are high and the smelt are often attracted to the pumps; funding studies to track the smelt’s most current locations and make decisions that are key to running pumps in a way that is not harmful to fish, and providing $10 million in water infrastructure for refuges, a vital re-source for billions of migratory birds that use the Pacific Flyway. In addition to the long-term provi-sions, the bill includes short-term, temporary provisions to allow for more efficient operation of the Federal and State water systems. As I stated, these emergency oper-ations provisions last only for the length of the Governor’s Emergency Declaration or 2 years—whichever is longer. These short-term provisions will allow the agencies to capture water from winter storms. Already, the snowpack is significantly higher in height and water content than the last few years, and more water is flowing down the Delta. The bill has eight key provisions that will allow for water to be captured and stored: Improved data to operate pumps. En-hanced daily monitoring and data col-lection will help to operate pumps more efficiently, and pump at higher levels when no fish are present and pump at reduced levels when fish are nearby. The revised bill requires daily boat monitoring to survey for smelt near the pumps when turbidity levels are high, so that pumping reductions are made based on the most up-to-date facts. The bill also authorizes studies to identify smelts’ location in the Delta on a real-time basis. In addition, the bill authorizes a Delta Smelt Distribution study to identify how many smelt are in dif-ferent parts of the Delta in drier and wetter years. This is critical to know what level of take of the smelt is a threat to the species. Winter storms and ‘‘payback.’’ The revised bill authorizes agencies to in-crease pumping during winter storms using their best judgment to determine when and by how much. Once the storms end, the agencies would no longer be required to ‘‘pay-back’’ water already pumped unless there was an environmental reason, such as harm to fish. This so-called ‘‘payback’’ has led to the loss of tens of thousands of acre- feet of water. Payback currently re-quires agencies to reduce subsequent water pumping by an equal amount of water as was captured during the storms, which results in the loss of tens of thousands of acre-feet of water that could instead be stored or trans-ferred for use throughout the State. Agencies must explain pumping lev-els under the Delta Smelt Biological Opinion. The bill does not impose any man-dated pumping levels, instead leaving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.032 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S825 February 10, 2016 
those pumping levels up to the discre-tion of the water agencies. But the bill does require officials to justify the lev-els at which they pump. By requiring written justification for the level of pumping, the bill attempts to maximize the amount of water pumped by requiring officials to con-sider whether real-time monitoring justifies lowering pumping levels. This water system must be operated based on science, not intuition. I want to be clear: The revised text does not include any mandate. We re-moved a provision that would have mandated pumping at ¥5000 cubic feet per second in the Old and Middle Riv-ers, unless pumping at these levels would cause additional adverse effects on the Delta smelt. The 1:1 transfer ratio. The strong El Nin˜o means more water is likely to be available for voluntary transfers from willing sellers with extra water to buy-ers downstream who need water. This provision helps facilitate those transfers in April and May by allowing a 1:1 transfer ratio. In past years, agen-cies have reduced the likelihood of transfers by requiring water users to send more water downstream than could be captured and stored at a 4:1 ratio. By allowing for a 1:1 ratio—while ad-hering to environmental law and bio-logical opinions—more water transfers can be accomplished, providing water to users who truly need it. Extending the time period for water transfers by five months. The bill ex-tends by 5 months the time period when transfers may take place. The current transfer window of July through September is extended to April through November. Extending the transfer window allows water transfers to be available during the spring plant-ing season. All transfers must remain consistent with the biological opinions. Expediting review of transfers and the construction of barriers. Environ-mental reviews of water transfers and the installation of temporary barriers must be completed within 60 days, un-less an environmental impact state-ment is required. Agencies must maximize water sup-plies consistent with applicable laws and biological opinions. Federal agencies can and should try to both protect species and provide water supplies. The bill makes very clear that agen-cies cannot harm the fish in violation of the biological opinions—but within this environmental protection man-date, the agencies should try to in-crease water supplies—especially dur-ing a drought emergency. This requirement complements the additional requirement that agencies must explain any harm to the fish that requires a reduction in water supplies. Delta Cross-Channel Gates. The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to en-sure that the gates remain open as long as possible. These gates are critically important for controlling salinity in the Delta. When the gates are closed, water that would otherwise be pumped or stored is instead used to flush salty water out through the Delta. Keeping the gates open for longer will help to reduce salinity in the inte-rior Delta and avoid releasing water unnecessarily in the Central Valley Project and State Water Project. This helps both Delta farmers and commu-nities as well as those south of Delta. As I stated before, all of these short- term provisions are temporary and will sunset when the Governor’s drought emergency expires or two years from the date of enactment, whichever is later. We have spent untold hours working on this bill. We have addressed—to the best of our ability—the concerns raised by a host of constituent groups and individuals including environmentalists, water dis-tricts, Federal and State agencies, and the agricultural sector. The bill reflects many meetings be-tween Democrats and Republicans, water districts, cities, rural commu-nities, farmers, fishermen, and a num-ber of environmental groups. While this bill will not satisfy every water interest, I believe that these pro-visions will place California on a long- term path to drought resiliency. This is a bill that offers real help to California while adhering to the laws and biological opinions that protect fish and wildlife. The result of our efforts is a bill that stands a real chance of being approved by both parties and signed into law. I look forward to working with my col-leagues to make that happen. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 370—RECOG-NIZING THAT FOR NEARLY 40 YEARS, THE UNITED STATES AND THE ASSOCIATION OF SOUTH EAST ASIAN NATIONS (ASEAN) HAVE WORKED TOWARD STABILITY, PROSPERITY, AND PEACE IN SOUTHEAST ASIA Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Ms. H IRONO ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 370 Whereas the February 2016 U.S.-ASEAN summit at Sunnylands in Rancho Mirage, California is an opportunity to deepen the United States-ASEAN partnership; Whereas the United States and the Asso-ciation of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) established dialogue relations on September 10, 1977, with the issuing of the 1977 Joint Communique Of The First ASEAN-U.S. Dialogue, and the United States acceded to the Treaty of Amity and Coopera-tion in Southeast Asia (TAC) at the ASEAN Post Ministerial Conference Session with the United States in Thailand on July 22, 2009; Whereas the United States was the first non-ASEAN country to appoint an ambas-sador to ASEAN on April 29, 2008, and the first dialogue partner to establish a perma-nent mission to ASEAN in 2010; Whereas the United States has supported efforts to strengthen the ASEAN Secretariat and expand its role in providing greater co-ordination between and enhancing the effec-tiveness of regional institutions; Whereas the first-ever U.S.-ASEAN De-fense Forum was held on April 1, 2014, in Honolulu, Hawaii, further deepening ties on the challenges to security, peace, and pros-perity in the region, and on November 21, 2015, the United States and ASEAN elevated their relationship to the ASEAN-U.S. Stra-tegic Partnership in Kuala Lumpur, Malay-sia at the 3rd U.S.-ASEAN summit; Whereas the Governments and people of the United States and ASEAN can help real-ize their common vision of a peaceful, pros-perous, rules-based Asia-Pacific region that offers security, opportunity, and dignity to all of its citizens; Whereas ASEAN is the 7th largest econ-omy in the world, at $2,400,000,000,000, rep-resenting the United States’ 4th largest ex-port market with total-two way trade in goods and services reaching $254,000,000,000 and accounting for more than 500,000 jobs in the United States, and it represents a diverse group of nations and dynamic economies with an expanding workforce, a growing mid-dle class, and a diverse set of skills, cultures, and resources; Whereas ASEAN is home to critical global sea lanes located at the center of the world’s strongest economic growth area, with $5,300,000,000,000 of global trade and more than half of total shipped tonnage transiting through ASEAN’s sea lanes each year; Whereas the United States has a national interest in freedom of navigation and over-flight, open access to Asia’s maritime com-mons, and respect for international law in the South China Sea; Whereas the South China Sea represents a critical international waterway not just for the region but the entire world; Whereas the United States does not take sides on the competing territorial disputes, but believes claimants should pursue their territorial claims without resort to coercion, and through collaborative diplomacy, includ-ing international arbitration, and in accord-ance international law and institutions; Whereas the United States opposes all claims in the maritime domain that impinge on the rights, freedoms, and lawful use of the sea that belongs to all nations and upholds the principles that territorial and maritime claims, including territorial waters or terri-torial seas, must be derived from land fea-tures and otherwise comport with inter-national law; Whereas the United States supports the Philippines’ decision to use arbitration under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), done at Montego Bay December 10, 1982, to peacefully and law-fully address competing territorial claims; Whereas the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea (DOC) was signed by all members of ASEAN and the People’s Republic of China on November 4, 2002, and the United States supports efforts by ASEAN and the People’s Republic of China to develop an effective Code of Con-duct (COC), encourages claimants not to un-dertake new or unilateral attempts to change the status quo since the signing of the 2002 Declaration of Conduct, including reclamation activities or asserting adminis-trative measures or controls in disputed areas in the South China Sea; and supports efforts to fully and effectively implement the Declaration of Conduct in its entirety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.034 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES826 February 10, 2016 
and to work toward the expeditious conclu-sion of an effective Code of Conduct; Whereas the United States has invested significantly in maritime security capacity building with allies and partners in ASEAN to respond to threats in waters off their coasts and to provide maritime security more broadly across the region; Whereas the United States, as a long-standing Asia-Pacific power, will maintain and exercise freedom of operations in the international waters and airspace in the Asia-Pacific maritime domains, which are critical to the prosperity, stability, and se-curity of ASEAN and the entire Asia-Pacific region; Whereas ASEAN is a partner to the United States on key transnational challenges, such as terrorism, violent extremism, climate change, environmental degradation and pol-lution, energy, infectious diseases, disar-mament, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, cybersecurity, trafficking in persons, illicit trafficking of wildlife and timber and illegal, unregulated, and unre-ported fishing; Whereas the United States, ASEAN, and other Dialogue Partners, through the 2015 East Asia Summit, adopted a statement on transnational cyber issues, emphasizing the importance of regional cooperation to im-prove the security and stability of cyber net-works which sets an important precedent for strengthening practical cooperation, risk re-duction, and confidence building in cyber-space; Whereas the 2015 East Asia Summit in Kuala Lumpur adopted a statement on coun-tering violent extremism, where the United States, ASEAN, and other Dialogue Partner leaders sent a clear signal of the region’s de-termination to tackle challenges posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and other violent extremist groups, and to respond to their efforts to spread their ideology of vio-lence and terrorism; Whereas 2015 East Asia Summit leaders also adopted a statement on health security in responding to diseases with pandemic po-tential, which committed the region to im-prove health surveillance systems in each nation, and emphasized the importance of in-formation sharing to promote early deten-tion and response to potential pandemics; Whereas all members at the 2015 East Asia Summit adopted a statement on maritime cooperation, including preventing incidents at sea, illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing, irregular migration, piracy, and to collaborate on protecting the marine envi-ronment; Whereas changes in climatic conditions in the ASEAN region over the past four decades have resulted in major loss and damage throughout the ASEAN region with dis-proportionate impact on developing coun-tries, with the experiences of Cyclone Nargis in Myanmar and Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines providing stark evidence of the destructive impacts on the region; Whereas conservation and sustainable management of forests throughout ASEAN play an important role in helping to miti-gate changes in the climate, reduce the risks of extreme weather events and other cli-mate-driven disasters, and provide sustain-able economic livelihood opportunities for local communities; Whereas the United States will pursue ini-tiatives that are consistent with broader sus-tainable development, including the achieve-ment of food security and poverty allevi-ation throughout the ASEAN region, and build on cooperative efforts outlined at the 2014 ASEAN-U.S. Summit to further tackle this global challenge; Whereas ASEAN is the third-fastest grow-ing economy in Asia after China and India, expanding by 30 percent since 2007 and ex-ceeding the global growth average for the past 10 years; Whereas the ASEAN Economic Community aims to create one of the largest single mar-ket economies in the world, facilitating the free movement of goods, services, and profes-sionals and a sense of economic community among its member states; Whereas the United States is the largest investor in Southeast Asia, almost $190,000,000,000 in 2012, creating millions of jobs in the United States and in ASEAN Member States, while investment in the United States from Southeast Asia has in-creased more than from any other region in the past decade; Whereas the United States has helped ASEAN create a Single Window customs fa-cilitation system that will help to expedite intra-ASEAN trade and make it easier for United States businesses to operate in the region; Whereas the U.S.-ASEAN Business Alli-ance for Competitive SMEs has already trained 3,500 small-medium enterprises, with nearly half of the individuals trained being young women entrepreneurs; Whereas United States-ASEAN develop-ment cooperation has focused on innovation and capacity-building efforts in technology, education, disaster management, food secu-rity, human rights, and trade facilitation; Whereas the Lower Mekong Initiative, es-tablished on July 23, 2009, is a multinational effort that helps promote sustainable eco-nomic development in mainland Southeast Asia to foster integrated, multi-sectoral sub- regional cooperation and capacity building; Whereas the United States is a committed partner with ASEAN on the protection of human rights, which are essential for fos-tering and maintaining stability, security, and good governance; Whereas, on November 18, 2012, ASEAN Member States came together and adopted an ASEAN Human Rights Declaration that by its own terms ‘‘affirms all the civil and political rights’’ and the ‘‘economic social and cultural rights’’ in the Universal Dec-laration of Human Rights; Whereas the United States supports the work and mandate of the ASEAN Intergov-ernmental Commission on Human Rights (AICHR), including capacity building for the promotion and protection of human rights and its priority, programs, and activities; Whereas the Young Southeast Asian Lead-ers Program has now engaged over 60,000 peo-ple between the ages of 18 and 35 across all 10 ASEAN nations to promote innovation among young people while also providing skills to a new generation of people who will create and fill the jobs of the future; Whereas the irregular movement of per-sons continues to be one of the main security threats in the South East Asia region; Whereas addressing migration flows and combatting human smuggling in ASEAN is an important, ongoing challenge requiring increased coordination and shared responsi-bility; Whereas, on November 21, 2015, ASEAN signed the ASEAN Convention Against Traf-ficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, which represents an important step forward in preventing trafficking, pros-ecuting the perpetrators, and protecting the survivors; and Whereas the United States supports ASEAN Member States in anti-corruption ef-forts through, among other initiatives, the implementation of the United Nations Con-vention Against Corruption: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) welcomes the leaders of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) to the United States for the special February 2016 U.S.-ASEAN summit meeting at Rancho Mi-rage, California, and affirms the summit as the first regular U.S.-ASEAN summit; (2) supports and welcomes the elevation of the United States-ASEAN relationship to a strategic partnership and recommits the United States to ASEAN centrality and to helping to build a strong, stable, politically cohesive, economically integrated, and so-cially responsible ASEAN community with common rules, norms, procedures, and stand-ards consistent with international law and the principles of a ‘‘rule-based’’ Asia-Pacific community; (3) supports efforts towards increasing two- way trade and investment, promoting trade and investment liberalization and facilita-tion, encouraging strong, sustainable, and inclusive economic growth and job creation, and deepening connectivity; (4) urges ASEAN to continue its efforts to foster greater integration and unity, includ-ing with non-ASEAN economic, political, and security partners, including Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia, the European Union, and India, both inside of and outside of Asia; (5) supports efforts by ASEAN nations to address maritime and territorial disputes in a constructive manner and to pursue claims through peaceful, diplomatic, and legitimate regional and international arbitration mech-anisms, consistent with international law; (6) urges all parties to maritime and terri-torial disputes in the Asia-Pacific region— (A) to respect the status quo; (B) exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities that would undermine stability or complicate or escalate disputes through the use of coercion, intimidation, or military force; (C) cease land reclamation activities; and (D) refrain from inhabiting or garrisoning or otherwise militarizing uninhabited is-lands, reefs, shoals, and other features; (7) opposes actions by any country to pre-vent any other country from exercising its sovereign rights to the resources of the ex-clusive economic zone (EEZ) and continental shelf by making claims to those areas in the South China Sea that have no support in international law; (8) opposes unilateral declarations of ad-ministrative and military districts in con-tested areas in the South China Sea; (9) opposes the imposition of new fishing regulations covering disputed areas in the South China Sea, which have raised tensions in the region; (10) urges parties to refrain from unilateral actions that cause permanent physical change to the marine environment in areas pending final delimitation; (11) supports efforts by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and the People’s Republic of China to develop an ef-fective Code of Conduct (COC) and urges ASEAN to implement and work toward the expeditious conclusion of an effective Code of Conduct with regards to the South China Sea; (12) urges ASEAN to develop a common ap-proach to reaffirm the decision of the Per-manent Court of Arbitration in The Hague’s ruling with respect to the case between the Republic of the Philippines and the People’s Republic of China; (13) supports efforts by United States part-ners and allies in ASEAN— (A) to enhance maritime capability; (B) to retain unhindered access to and use of international waterways in the Asia-Pa-cific region that are critical to ensuring the security and free flow of commerce; (C) to improve maritime domain aware-ness; (D) to counter piracy; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.027 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S827 February 10, 2016 
(E) to disrupt illicit maritime trafficking activities and other forms of maritime traf-ficking activity; and (F) to enhance the maritime capabilities of a country or regional organizations to re-spond to emerging threats to maritime secu-rity in the Asia-Pacific region; (14) reaffirms the enhancement of United States-ASEAN economic engagement, in-cluding the elimination of barriers to cross- border commerce, and supports the ASEAN Economic Community’s goals, including strong, inclusive, and sustainable growth and cooperation between the United States and ASEAN that focuses on innovation and capacity building efforts in technology, edu-cation, disaster management, food security, human rights, and trade facilitation, includ-ing for ASEAN’s poorest countries; (15) supports the Lower Mekong Initiative, which has made significant progress in pro-moting sustainable economic development in mainland Southeast Asia and fostering inte-grated sub-regional cooperation and capacity building; (16) supports capacity building for the pro-motion and protection of human rights and related priority, programs, and activities; (17) supports the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative program as an example of people-to-people partnership building that provides skills and networks to a new gen-eration of people who will create and fill the jobs of the future; (18) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to continue joint efforts with ASEAN to halt human smuggling and traf-ficking of persons and urges ASEAN to make increased efforts to create and strengthen re-gional mechanisms to provide assistance and support to refugees and migrants; (19) urges ASEAN nations to engage di-rectly with leaders of civil society, human rights, and environmental groups before, during, and after the February 2016 summit; and (20) encourages the President to commu-nicate to ASEAN leaders the importance of releasing political prisoners and ending po-litically motivated prosecutions. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 30—EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER THE DISAPPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mrs. F
ISCHER , and Mr. S ASSE) sub-mitted the following concurrent resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 30 Whereas David Louis Sneddon is a United States citizen who disappeared while touring the Yunnan Province in the People’s Repub-lic of China as a university student on Au-gust 14, 2004, at the age of 24; Whereas David had last reported to family members prior to his disappearance that he intended to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge in the Yunnan Province before returning to the United States and had placed a down pay-ment on student housing for the upcoming academic year, planned business meetings, and scheduled law school entrance examina-tions in the United States for the fall; Whereas People’s Republic of China offi-cials have reported to the Department of State and the family of David that he most likely died by falling into the Jinsha River while hiking the Tiger Leaping Gorge, al-though no physical evidence or eyewitness testimony exists to support this conclusion; Whereas there is evidence indicating that David did not fall into the river when he traveled through the gorge, including eye-witness testimonies from people who saw David alive and spoke to him in person after his hike, as recorded by members of David’s family and by embassy officials from the De-partment of State in the months after his disappearance; Whereas family members searching for David shortly after he went missing obtained eyewitness accounts that David stayed over-night in several guesthouses during and after his safe hike through the gorge, and these guesthouse locations suggest that David dis-appeared after passing through the gorge, but the guest registers recording the names and passport numbers of foreign overnight guests could not be accessed; Whereas Chinese officials have reported that evidence does not exist that David was a victim of violent crime, or a resident in a local hospital, prison, or mental institution at the time of his disappearance, and no at-tempt has been made to use David’s passport since the time of his disappearance, nor has any money been withdrawn from his bank account since that time; Whereas David Sneddon is the only United States citizen to disappear without expla-nation in the People’s Republic of China since the normalization of relations between the United States and China during the ad-ministration of President Richard Nixon; Whereas investigative reporters and non-governmental organizations with expertise in the Asia-Pacific region, and in some cases particular expertise in the Asian Under-ground Railroad and North Korea’s docu-mented program to kidnap citizens of foreign nations for espionage purposes, have repeat-edly raised the possibility that the Govern-ment of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) was involved in David’s dis-appearance; and Whereas investigative reporters and non-governmental organizations who have re-viewed David’s case believe it is possible that the Government of North Korea was in-volved in David’s disappearance because— (1) the Yunnan Province is regarded by re-gional experts as an area frequently traf-ficked by North Korean refugees and their support networks, and the Government of the People’s Republic of China allows North Korean agents to operate throughout the re-gion to repatriate refugees, such as promi-nent North Korean defector Kang Byong-sop and members of his family who were cap-tured near the China-Laos border just weeks prior to David’s disappearance; (2) in 2002, North Korean officials acknowl-edged that the Government of North Korea has carried out a policy since the 1970’s of abducting foreign citizens and holding them captive in North Korea for the purpose of training its intelligence and military per-sonnel in critical language and culture skills to infiltrate foreign nations; (3) Charles Robert Jenkins, a United States soldier who deserted his unit in South Korea in 1965 and was held captive in North Korea for nearly 40 years, left North Korea in July 2004 (one month before David disappeared in China) and Jenkins reported that he was forced to teach English to North Korean in-telligence and military personnel while in captivity; (4) David Sneddon is fluent in the Korean language and was learning Mandarin, skills that could have been appealing to the Gov-ernment of North Korea after Charles Jen-kins left the country; (5) tensions between the United States and North Korea were heightened during the summer of 2004 due to recent approval of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333) that increased United States aid to refugees fleeing North Korea, prompting the Government of North Korea to issue a press release warning the United States to ‘‘drop its hostile policy’’; (6) David Sneddon’s disappearance fits a known pattern often seen in the abduction of foreigners by the Government of North Korea, including the fact that David dis-appeared the day before North Korea’s Lib-eration Day patriotic national holiday, and the Government of North Korea has a dem-onstrated history of provocations near dates it deems historically significant; (7) a well-reputed Japanese non-profit spe-cializing in North Korean abductions shared with the United States its expert analysis in 2012 about information it stated was received ‘‘from a reliable source’’ that a United States university student largely matching David Sneddon’s description was taken from China by North Korean agents in August 2004; and (8) commentary published in the Wall Street Journal in 2013 cited experts looking at the Sneddon case who concluded that ‘‘it is most probable that a U.S. national has been abducted to North Korea,’’ and ‘‘there is a strong possibility that North Korea kid-napped the American’’: Now, therefore, be it— Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), that Congress— (1) expresses its ongoing concern about the disappearance of David Louis Sneddon in Yunnan Province, People’s Republic of China, in August, 2004; (2) directs the Department of State and the intelligence community to jointly continue investigations and to consider all plausible explanations for David’s disappearance, in-cluding the possibility of abduction by the Government of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea; (3) urges the Department of State and the intelligence community to coordinate inves-tigations with the Governments of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, Japan, and South Korea and solicit information from appro-priate regional affairs and law enforcement experts on plausible explanations for David’s disappearance; (4) encourages the Department of State and the intelligence community to work with foreign governments known to have diplomatic influence with the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to better investigate the possibility of the involvement of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea in David Sneddon’s disappearance and to possibly seek his recovery; and (5) requests that the Department of State and the intelligence community continue to work with and inform Congress and the fam-ily of David Sneddon on efforts to possibly recover David and to resolve his disappear-ance. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3297. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3298. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3299. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3300. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.027 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES828 February 10, 2016 
SA 3301. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3302. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3303. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3241 submitted by Ms. C
ANT-
WELL and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 2012, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3304. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3305. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3297. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 91, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: (e) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDING .—The Presi-dent shall temporarily withhold United States’ funding from the United Nations if the United Nations Security Council does not make a decision regarding a reported violation of any applicable United Nations Security Council resolution relating to pro-hibitions on ballistic missile testing or pro-hibitions on activities aimed at obtaining nuclear weapons within 30 days after receiv-ing information of such a violation. 
SA 3298. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 71, between lines 6 and 7, insert the following: (c) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall— (1) conduct an investigation of the conduct of the Government of North Korea to deter-mine if North Korea should be designated as a state sponsor of terrorism (as defined in section 202(d)); and (2) submit a report to Congress that de-scribes the evidence used by the Department of State to reach the determination de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
SA 3299. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RECOGNITION OF JERUSALEM AS THE CAPITAL OF ISRAEL AND RELOCA-TION OF THE UNITED STATES EM-BASSY TO JERUSALEM. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It should be the policy of the United States to recognize Je-rusalem as the undivided capital of the State of Israel, both de jure and de facto. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Jerusalem must remain an undivided city in which the rights of every ethnic and religious group are protected as they have been by Israel since 1967; (2) every citizen of Israel should have the right to reside anywhere in the undivided city of Jerusalem; (3) the President and the Secretary of State should publicly affirm as a matter of United States policy that Jerusalem must remain the undivided capital of the State of Israel; (4) the President should immediately im-plement the provisions of the Jerusalem Em-bassy Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–45) and begin the process of relocating the United States Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem; (5) United States officials should refrain from any actions that contradict United States law on this subject; and (6) any official document of the United States Government which lists countries and their capital cities should identify Jeru-salem as the capital of Israel. (c) A
MENDMENT OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–45) is amended— (1) by striking section 7; and (2) by redesignating section 8 as section 7. (d) R
ESTRICTION ON FUNDING SUBJECT TO  O
PENING DETERMINATION .—Not more than 50 percent of the funds appropriated to the De-partment of State for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Acquisition and Maintenance of Buildings Abroad’’ may be obligated until the Sec-retary of State determines and reports to Congress that the United States Embassy in Jerusalem has officially opened. (e) F
ISCAL YEARS 2017 AND2018 F UNDING .— (1) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—Of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for ‘‘Acquisition and Maintenance of Buildings Abroad’’ for the Department of State for fiscal year 2017, such sums as may be necessary should be made available until expended only for con-struction and other costs associated with the establishment of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem. (2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 .—Of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for ‘‘Acquisition and Maintenance of Buildings Abroad’’ for the Department of State for fiscal year 2018, such sums as may be necessary should be made available until expended only for con-struction and other costs associated with the establishment of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘United States Embassy’’ means the offices of the United States diplomatic mission and the residence of the United States chief of mission. 
SA 3300. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 305. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE DIS-APPEARANCE OF DAVID SNEDDON. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) David Louis Sneddon is a United States citizen who disappeared while touring the Yunnan Province in the People’s Republic of China as a university student on August 14, 2004, at the age of 24. (2) David had last reported to family mem-bers prior to his disappearance that he in-tended to hike the Tiger Leaping Gorge in the Yunnan Province before returning to the United States and had placed a down pay-ment on student housing for the upcoming academic year, planned business meetings, and scheduled law school entrance examina-tions in the United States for the fall. (3) People’s Republic of China officials have reported to the Department of State and the family of David that he most likely died by falling into the Jinsha River while hiking the Tiger Leaping Gorge, although no physical evidence or eyewitness testimony exists to support this conclusion. (4) There is evidence indicating that David did not fall into the river when he traveled through the gorge, including eyewitness tes-timonies from people who saw David alive and spoke to him in person after his hike, as recorded by members of David’s family and by embassy officials from the Department of State in the months after his disappearance. (5) Family members searching for David shortly after he went missing obtained eye-witness accounts that David stayed over-night in several guesthouses during and after his safe hike through the gorge, and these guesthouse locations suggest that David dis-appeared after passing through the gorge, but the guest registers recording the names and passport numbers of foreign overnight guests could not be accessed. (6) Chinese officials have reported that evi-dence does not exist that David was a victim of violent crime, or a resident in a local hos-pital, prison, or mental institution at the time of his disappearance, and no attempt has been made to use David’s passport since the time of his disappearance, nor has any money been withdrawn from his bank ac-count since that time. (7) David Sneddon is the only United States citizen to disappear without expla-nation in the People’s Republic of China since the normalization of relations between the United States and China during the ad-ministration of President Richard Nixon. (8) Investigative reporters and nongovern-mental organizations with expertise in the Asia-Pacific region, and in some cases par-ticular expertise in the Asian Underground Railroad and North Korea’s documented pro-gram to kidnap citizens of foreign nations for espionage purposes, have repeatedly raised the possibility that the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) was involved in David’s dis-appearance. (9) Investigative reporters and nongovern-mental organizations who have reviewed Da-vid’s case believe it is possible that the Gov-ernment of North Korea was involved in Da-vid’s disappearance because— (A) the Yunnan Province is regarded by re-gional experts as an area frequently traf-ficked by North Korean refugees and their support networks, and the Government of the People’s Republic of China allows North Korean agents to operate throughout the re-gion to repatriate refugees, such as promi-nent North Korean defector Kang Byong-sop and members of his family who were cap-tured near the China-Laos border just weeks prior to David’s disappearance; (B) in 2002, North Korean officials acknowl-edged that the Government of North Korea has carried out a policy since the 1970’s of abducting foreign citizens and holding them captive in North Korea for the purpose of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.029 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S829 February 10, 2016 
training its intelligence and military per-sonnel in critical language and culture skills to infiltrate foreign nations; (C) Charles Robert Jenkins, a United States soldier who deserted his unit in South Korea in 1965 and was held captive in North Korea for nearly 40 years, left North Korea in July 2004 (one month before David dis-appeared in China) and Jenkins reported that he was forced to teach English to North Korean intelligence and military personnel while in captivity; (D) David Sneddon is fluent in the Korean language and was learning Mandarin, skills that could have been appealing to the Gov-ernment of North Korea after Charles Jen-kins left the country; (E) tensions between the United States and North Korea were heightened during the summer of 2004 due to recent approval of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333) that increased United States aid to refugees fleeing North Korea, prompting the Government of North Korea to issue a press release warning the United States to ‘‘drop its hostile policy’’; (F) David Sneddon’s disappearance fits a known pattern often seen in the abduction of foreigners by the Government of North Korea, including the fact that David dis-appeared the day before North Korea’s Lib-eration Day patriotic national holiday, and the Government of North Korea has a dem-onstrated history of provocations near dates it deems historically significant; (G) a well-reputed Japanese non-profit spe-cializing in North Korean abductions shared with the United States its expert analysis in 2012 about information it stated was received ‘‘from a reliable source’’ that a United States university student largely matching David Sneddon’s description was taken from China by North Korean agents in August 2004; and (H) commentary published in the Wall Street Journal in 2013 cited experts looking at the Sneddon case who concluded that ‘‘it is most probable that a U.S. national has been abducted to North Korea,’’ and ‘‘there is a strong possibility that North Korea kid-napped the American’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) expresses its ongoing concern about the disappearance of David Louis Sneddon in Yunnan Province, People’s Republic of China, in August, 2004; (2) directs the Department of State and the intelligence community to jointly continue investigations and to consider all plausible explanations for David’s disappearance, in-cluding the possibility of abduction by the Government of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea; (3) urges the Department of State and the intelligence community to coordinate inves-tigations with the Governments of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, Japan, and South Korea and solicit information from appro-priate regional affairs and law enforcement experts on plausible explanations for David’s disappearance; (4) encourages the Department of State and the intelligence community to work with foreign governments known to have diplomatic influence with the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to better investigate the possibility of the involvement of the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea in David Sneddon’s disappearance and to possibly seek his recovery; and (5) requests that the Department of State and the intelligence community continue to work with and inform Congress and the fam-ily of David Sneddon on efforts to possibly recover David and to resolve his disappear-ance. SA 3301. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 92, strike line 15 and all that follows through page 93, line 2. Beginning on page 100, strike line 24 and all that follows through page 101, line 8. Beginning on page 112, strike line 9 and all that follows through page 115, line 7. 
SA 3302. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 41, between lines 10 and 11, insert the following: (6) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—A grant awarded under this section may not be used for the purpose of funding, in whole or in part, the actual construction, renovation, repair, or alteration of a building or work. 
SA 3303. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3241 submitted by Ms. C
ANTWELL and intended to be pro-posed to the bill S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. USE OF GRANT FUNDS. 
A grant awarded under section 1004 may not be used for the purpose of funding, in whole or in part, the actual construction, renovation, repair, or alteration of a build-ing or work. 
SA 3304. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 73, line 12, insert ‘‘or textile’’ after ‘‘smuggling,’’. Beginning on page 73, strike line 21 and all that follows through page 74, line 8, and in-sert the following: (8) knowingly, directly or indirectly, sells, supplies, or transfers to or from the Govern-ment of North Korea or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government, a sig-nificant amount of precious metal, graphite, raw or semi-finished metals or aluminum, steel, coal, software, synthetic filaments, or three-dimensional textiles for use by or in industrial processes directly related to weap-ons of mass destruction, delivery systems for such weapons, equipment designed to defend against radiological or chemical exposure from those weapons, other proliferation ac-tivities, the Korean Workers’ Party, armed forces, internal security, or intelligence ac-tivities, or the operation and maintenance of political prison camps or forced labor camps, including outside of North Korea; 
SA 3305. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2953 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI to the bill S. 2012, to pro-vide for the modernization of the en-ergy policy of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF SPORT FISHING EQUIPMENT UNDER THE TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT. 
Section 3(2)(B) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2602(2)(B)) is amend-ed— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (vi) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) any sport fishing equipment (as such term is defined in section 4162(a) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) the sale of which is subject to the tax imposed by section 4161(a) of such Code (determined without regard to any exemptions from such tax provided by section 4162 or 4221 or any other provision of such Code), and sport fishing equipment components.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The Im-portance of Enacting a New Water Re-sources Development Act.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled, ‘‘The President’s Budget for Fis-cal Year 2017.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The President’s Budget for Fiscal Year 2017.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.031 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES830 February 10, 2016 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 10:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy in Central Africa: The Im-perative of Good Governance.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 10, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Breaking the Cycle: Mental Health and the Justice System.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 10, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Do You Know What Is In Your Suitcase? How Drug Traffickers Are Deceiving Seniors to Smuggle Contra-band.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jeremy Lagelee, a law clerk on the Finance Committee, be granted floor privileges for the duration of the week. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Henry Schliefer, Justin Brown, Justin Hoff-man, Michael George, Rebecca Gilbert, and Scott Richards, fellows in my of-fice, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this session in Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for my intern, Aaron Nelson, to be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Gene Gerzhoy, a fellow working in my office, have full privileges during this session of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my defense fellow, SGM Travis Votaw, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this calendar year. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Maj. Mat-thew Schroeder, a defense fellow in my office, and LCDR Amy McElroy, a Coast Guard fellow in my office, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Sanjay Mukhi, Michael Pascual, and Heather Ichord, congressional fellows in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
REMOVAL OF INJUNCTION OF SE-CRECY—TREATY DOCUMENT NOS. 114–5, 114–6, 114–7, 114–8, 114–9, AND 114–10 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that the injunction of secrecy be removed from the following treaties transmitted to the Senate on February 10, 2016, by the President of the United States: U.N. Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in Inter-national Contracts, Treaty Document No. 114–5; Marrakesh Treaty to Facili-tate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Im-paired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, Treaty Document No. 114–6; U.N. Con-vention on the Assignment of Receiv-ables in International Trade, Treaty Document No. 114–7; Beijing Treaty on Audiovisual Performances, Treaty Doc-ument No. 114–8; U.N. Convention on Independent Guarantees and Stand-By Letters of Credit, Treaty Document No. 114–9; and Extradition Treaty with the Dominican Republic, Treaty Docu-ment No. 114–10. I further ask that the treaties be considered as having been read the first time; that they be re-ferred, with accompanying papers, to the Committee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be printed; and that the President’s messages be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The messages of the President are as follows: To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, subject to certain declarations and understandings, I transmit here-with the United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts (Conven-tion), done at New York on November 23, 2005, and entered into force on March 1, 2013. The report of the Sec-retary of State, which includes an overview of the Convention, is enclosed for the information of the Senate. The Convention sets forth modern rules validating and facilitating the use of electronic communications in international business transactions. The Convention will promote legal uni-formity and predictability, and thereby lower costs, for U.S. businesses en-gaged in electronic commerce. The Convention’s provisions are sub-stantively similar to State law enact-ments in the United States of the 1999 Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (UETA), and to the governing Federal law, the Electronic Signatures in Glob-al and National Commerce Act, Public Law 106–229 (June 30, 2000). Consistent with the Federal law, all States have enacted laws containing the same basic rules on electronic commerce, whether based on UETA or on functionally equivalent provisions. The Federal statute allows States that enact UETA, or equivalent standards, to be subject to their State law, and not the corresponding provisions of the Federal law. The United States proposed and ac-tively participated in the negotiation of the Convention at the United Na-tions Commission on International Trade Law. Accession by the United States can be expected to encourage other countries to become parties to the Convention, and having a greater number of parties to the Convention should facilitate electronic commerce across borders. The Convention would be imple-mented through Federal legislation to be proposed separately to the Congress by my Administration. The Convention has been endorsed by leading associations and organizations in this area, including the American Bar Association and the United States Council on International Business. The United States Government worked closely with the Uniform Law Commis-sion regarding the negotiation and do-mestic implementation of the Conven-tion. I recommend, therefore, that the Senate give early and favorable consid-eration to the Convention and give its advice and consent to ratification, sub-ject to certain understandings and dec-larations. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 10, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, I transmit herewith the Marra-kesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Marrakesh Treaty). I also transmit, for the information of the Senate, a report of the Secretary of State with respect to the Marrakesh Treaty that includes a summary of its provisions. This copyright treaty, concluded under the auspices of the World Intel-lectual Property Organization (WIPO), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.037 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S831 February 10, 2016 
advances the national interest of the United States in promoting the protec-tion and enjoyment of creative works. The Marrakesh Treaty lays a founda-tion, in a manner consistent with ex-isting international copyright stand-ards, for further opening up a world of knowledge for persons with print dis-abilities by improving their access to published works. The United States played a leader-ship role in the negotiation of the trea-ty, and its provisions are broadly con-sistent with the approach and struc-ture of existing U.S. law. Narrow changes in U.S. law will be needed for the United States to implement certain provisions of the treaty. Proposed leg-islation is being submitted to both houses of the Congress in conjunction with this transmittal. I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration to the Marrakesh Treaty, and give its ad-vice and consent to its ratification. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 10, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, subject to certain declarations and understandings set forth in the en-closed report, I transmit herewith the United Nations Convention on the As-signment of Receivables in Inter-national Trade, done at New York on December 12, 2001, and signed by the United States on December 30, 2003. The report of the Secretary of State, which includes an overview of the pro-posed Convention, is enclosed for the information of the Senate. The Convention sets forth modern uniform rules governing the assign-ment of receivables for use in inter-national financing transactions. In par-ticular, the Convention facilitates the use of cross-border receivables financ-ing by: (a) recognizing the legal effec-tiveness of a wide variety of modern re-ceivables financing practices; (b) over-riding certain contractual obstacles to receivables financing; and (c) providing clear, uniform conflict-of-laws rules to determine which country’s domestic law governs priority as between the as-signee of a receivable and competing claimants. As a global leader in receivables fi-nancing, the United States actively participated in the negotiation of this Convention at the United Nations Com-mission on International Trade Law with the support of U.S. business inter-ests. Drawing on laws and best prac-tices prevalent in the United States and other countries where receivables financing flourishes, the Convention would promote the availability of cap-ital and credit at more affordable rates and thus facilitate the development of international commerce. Widespread ratification of the Convention would help U.S. companies, especially small- and medium-sized enterprises, obtain much-needed working capital financing from U.S. banks and other lenders to export goods, and thereby help create more jobs in the United States. The rules set forth in the Convention do not differ in any significant respect from those contained in existing U.S. law. In particular, in virtually all cases application of the Convention will produce the same results as those under the Uniform Commercial Code Article 9, which all States and the Dis-trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have enacted. I recommend, therefore, that the Senate give early and favorable consid-eration to the Convention and give its advice and consent to ratification, sub-ject to certain declarations and under-takings set forth in the enclosed re-port. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 10, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, I transmit herewith the Beijing Treaty on Audiovisual Performances, done at Beijing on June 24, 2012 (Bei-jing Treaty). I also transmit, for the information of the Senate, a report of the Secretary of State with respect to the Beijing Treaty that includes a sum-mary of its provisions. This copyright treaty, concluded under the auspices of the World Intel-lectual Property Organization (WIPO), advances the national interest of the United States in promoting the protec-tion and enjoyment of creative works. The Beijing Treaty provides a modern international framework for the rights of performers in motion pictures, tele-vision programs, and other audiovisual works, similar to that already in place for producers of such works, for au-thors, and for performers and producers of sound recordings, pursuant to other WIPO copyright treaties the United States has joined. The United States played a leader-ship role in the negotiation of the trea-ty, and its provisions are broadly con-sistent with the approach and struc-ture of existing U.S. law. Narrow changes in U.S. law will be needed for the United States to implement certain provisions of the treaty. Proposed leg-islation is being submitted to both houses of the Congress in conjunction with this transmittal. I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration to the Beijing Treaty, and give its advice and consent to its ratification, subject to a declaration pursuant to Article 11 of the Beijing Treaty as described in the accompanying Department of State report. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 10, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, subject to certain understandings set forth in the enclosed report, I transmit herewith the United Nations Convention on Independent Guarantees and Stand-By Letters of Credit (Con-vention), done at New York on Decem-ber 11, 1995, and signed by the United States on December 11, 1997. The report of the Secretary of State, which in-cludes an overview of the proposed Convention, is enclosed for the infor-mation of the Senate. As a leader in transactional finance, the United States participated in the negotiation of this Convention at the United Nations Commission on Inter-national Trade Law with the support of U.S. commercial and financial inter-ests. The Convention establishes com-mon rules on stand-by letters of credit and other independent guarantees, in-struments that are essential to inter-national commerce, and thereby re-duces the uncertainty and risk that may be associated with cross-border transactions. With two minor excep-tions, the Convention’s provisions are substantively similar to the uniform State law provisions in the Uniform Commercial Code Article 5 (Letters of Credit), which all States and the Dis-trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have enacted. Ratification by the United States of this Convention can be expected to en-courage other countries to become par-ties to the Convention. While eight countries currently are parties to the Convention, having a greater number of parties to the Convention would pro-mote the stability and efficiency of international commerce. The Convention has been endorsed by leading banking and business associa-tions in the United States. The Convention would be imple-mented through Federal legislation to be separately transmitted by my Ad-ministration to the Congress. I recommend, therefore, that the Senate give early and favorable consid-eration to the Convention and give its advice and consent to its ratification, subject to certain understandings set forth in the enclosed report. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 10, 2016. 
To the Senate of the United States: With a view to receiving the advice and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, I transmit herewith the Extra-dition Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Dominican Re-public (the ‘‘Treaty’’), signed at Santo Domingo on January 12, 2015. I also transmit, for the information of the Senate, the report of the Department of State with respect to the Treaty. The Treaty would replace the extra-dition treaty between the United States and the Dominican Republic, signed at Santo Domingo on June 19, 1909. The Treaty follows generally the form and content of other extradition treaties recently concluded by the United States. It would replace an out-moded list of extraditable offenses with a modern ‘‘dual criminality’’ approach, which would enable extradition for such offenses as money laundering and other newer offenses not appearing on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.043 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES832 February 10, 2016 
the list. The Treaty also contains a modernized ‘‘political offense’’ clause and provides that extradition shall not be refused based on the nationality of the person sought. Finally, the Treaty incorporates a series of procedural im-provements to streamline and speed the extradition process. I recommend that the Senate give early and favorable consideration to the Treaty, and give its advice and con-sent to ratification. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 10, 2016. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, February 11; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 644, with the time until 10:30 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:02 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, February 11, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. KARL L. SCHULTZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A10FE6.047 S10FEPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE155 February 10, 2016 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 9, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of The National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act. This legislation would designate the site of the 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center as a national memorial— providing it the national recognition and sup-port it deserves as a lasting symbol of the lives we lost and the resilience with which our nation came together and pledged to emerge stronger in search of a more peaceful world. Like many New Yorkers, I know and have felt firsthand the lasting impacts of September 11, 2001. Among the almost 3,000 lives we lost that day was that of my cousin, John Moran, a second-generation firefighter and FDNY Battalion Chief. Not a day goes by that I don’t think of my cousin and of the thou-sands of family members and loved ones we lost that day. But I also bear in mind each day the vow we made as a nation to never forget what happened and to protect the spirit of ca-maraderie that emerged from the attacks. The 9/11 Memorial serves as a place where we can remember and honor the brave lives we lost, as well as that spirit of unity and over-coming with which we moved forward as a na-tion. Because of the place the events of Sep-tember 11, 2001 hold in our collective national history, the federal government should play a role in preserving this space and keeping what it represents at the forefront of our collective memory. By recognizing the 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center as a national memo-rial, federal resources will be available to en-sure the maintenance, security and accessi-bility of this site so that all people will have the opportunity to remember and honor our he-roes. It is our duty to ensure that this sacred site and tribute receives the national upkeep and recognition it deserves. September 11th changed our lives as indi-viduals and as Americans. We must actively seek to remind our nation of the resolution and sacrifice of the survivors, the victims, their families, and of our first responders. And we must also enshrine the courage and strength with which we stood up to hatred. Acting in a bipartisan manner to designate the 9/11 Me-morial as a national memorial is an important step in this direction. 
f 
STANDING TOGETHER 
HON. E. SCOTT RIGELL 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. RIGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to submit a statement on behalf of my con-stituent, Rabbi Dr. Israel Zoberman. Rabbi Zoberman is the Founding Rabbi of Congrega-tion Beth Chaverim in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Rabbi Zoberman asked me to submit the fol-lowing remarks: Our one God of life’s precious blessings in a precarious world who created us to be one family, gloriously diverse and gratefully united, so movingly manifest in our beloved Hampton Roads and in this our Standing To-gether for our sake as well as Heaven’s. I am proudly holding my Jewish people’s most sacred possession, the Torah Scroll. This one from Brno, Czech Republic, has ac-quired an added dimension of the sacred. A survivor of the Shoah, Holocaust, number 526 of the Czech Memorial Scrolls, it lost its original congregation and community in the Kingdom of the Night. Hatred of the ‘‘other’’ consumed eleven million innocent lives of Jews and Gentiles. The towering Torah’s teachings of loving-kindness, is the very foundation of the three great monotheistic religions—Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Joined by the three great Eastern religions they have served as humanity’s conscience and civilization’s journey forward. We are taught in the Torah’s inerasable lessons begrudged by humanity’s enemies, burning the Torah and its people that each human being is equally though uniquely cre-ated in the Divine image, that we should love our neighbors as we love ourselves. We are reminded time and again that we, who were rejected and enslaved in Pharaoh’s Egypt, ought to embrace the stranger, name-ly the ‘‘other’’ and the refugee, as members of God’s family and our own. The Exodus’ soaring saga of liberation up-lifted Dr. King—whose celebration we just observed—to remind America to live up to the Pilgrims’ vision of fleeing refugees, walking in the shoes of the Biblical Israelites while yearning for a new land free from the persecution of the ‘‘other.’’ Free-dom of and from religion has allowed Amer-ica to flourish like no other nation, immeas-urably benefitting from the greatest human diversity anywhere. Diversity is divine. We must remember the Jewish refugees, including so many children, fleeing Nazism, who were denied entry to these promising shores. In 1939, the SS St. Louis ship, with its desperate human cargo from Hamburg, Germany, was tragically turned away. I ad-dress you from the midst of the children in Europe’s Displaced Persons Camps following World War II and the Holocaust. There I spent my formative early childhood, there my family along with a multitude of up-rooted survivors and homeless refugees on the run, gradually learned to believe again in human goodness and renew our trust in God after such heavy genocidal losses. Today’s refugees too are knocking on the door of ‘‘the land of the free and the home of the brave.’’ The Syrian ones, the most vul-nerable, are heroically escaping their geno-cidal regime. They too are in displaced per-sons camps with their children’s bodies washed ashore on European beaches. How can we remain silent? Those allowed to enter following a most careful vetting process, will become along with their progeny, patriotic and tax-paying Americans. Steve Jobs’ bio-logical father was a Syrian immigrant. Refu-gees and immigrants keep alive the Amer-ican dream for us all, ensuring that America may ever be a blessing. We reassure our dear Muslim neighbors, colleagues, and friends, which we unre-servedly appreciate their indispensable con-tributions without which we would be dimin-ished. Barbaric ISIS targets them too and they fight it with fellow Americans. We all stand together in the ark of survival with a shared future and fate. Indeed, we mutually and joyfully are our sisters and brothers’ keepers. We cannot be separated. Let us be mindful of the danger of poisonous dema-goguery to our enviable American democ-racy and inclusive way of life, as well as to our ethical standing. Words and lives do matter. Words and lives are inextricably connected. Let us reaffirm in this grand gathering the infinite value of each and every one of us. Both our differences and commonalities are precious to our common Creator. They should be the same for us. Finally, let us pledge to never ever abandon our deepest mooring and most sacred proposition that God’s divinity and human dignity are indi-visible. Shalom, Salaam, Peace. f 
HONORING CARNEY CAMPION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Carney Campion, who passed away in San Rafael, California, in December of last year. An executive with the Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District for over two decades, Mr. Campion was a de-voted civil servant, a respected and accessible manager, and an ardent advocate for improv-ing public transit. A lifelong Californian, Mr. Campion was born in Santa Rosa in 1928, and graduated from UC Berkeley in 1950 with a degree in Personnel and Public Administration. He held management roles with the Redwood Region Conservation Council and the Redwood Em-pire Association before joining the Golden Gate Bridge District. In 1998, at the age of 70, he retired from his general manager role, a position he held for 15 years. Following his re-tirement, he remained active throughout Marin County, including with the Marin County Cul-tural Services Commission and the Marin County Fair. Mr. Campion was a measured leader navi-gating an often chaotic environment. During his tenure, he oversaw expansion in ferry, bus and rail services, labor negotiations, a seismic retrofit of the Golden Gate Bridge, and other transportation modernization efforts. He is re-membered by staff as a genuine, thoughtful leader dedicated to improving services for residents and visitors across the Bay Area. Mr. Campion’s leadership has impacted countless lives throughout our region, with ef-fects that can still be felt today, more than 15 years after his retirement. It is therefore appro-priate that we pay tribute to Mr. Campion today and express our deepest condolences to his surviving wife, Kathryn, six children, 21 grandchildren, and nine great-grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.001 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE156 February 10, 2016 
CONGRATULATING DAN FOUST, SR. FOR HIS LIFETIME DISTIN-GUISHED SERVICE AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. Dan Foust, Sr. He is receiving the 2015 Lifetime Distinguished Service Award in the Cultural category from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Foust has been a lifelong dedicated vol-unteer in the community. His membership with the St. Charles Lions Club started over twen-ty-seven years ago. During his time as a member he was instrumental in establishing and completing the McNair Park Braille Trail. In 2001, Mr. Foust, branched off from the St. Charles Lions club and chartered the First Capitol Lions club. From his many years of service during his time as a Lions member, Mr. Foust has received the highest honor a Lions member can—the Melvin Jones Fellow-ship award. The German Chapter of the St. Charles Sis-ter Cities has benefited from Mr. Foust’s mem-bership for over twenty years. His fundraising efforts have allowed the St. Charles Sister Cit-ies to expand the number of student ex-changes from two students to four. This club allows students from Germany and Ireland to experience life in the St. Charles area. Through this program students are able to fos-ter mutual understanding, friendship, and goodwill through cultural, social, business, and educational exchanges. In 2011, Mr. Foust started his Chairmanship position of the St. Charles Oktoberfest Fes-tival. Under his leadership, this event has grown to over 100,000 attendees annually. This festival brings in funds to various groups in the area: First Capitol Lions Club, St. Peters Lions Club, Lake St. Louis Lions Club, Jonesburg Lions Club, Sister Cities of St. Charles, the St. Charles Jaycees, and many more groups. Other areas that Mr. Foust has served in-clude: a twenty-five year membership with the St. Charles Parks Foundation, a twenty year membership with the St. Charles Raccoon Conservation Club, and serving in local gov-ernment for sixteen years. He also served as a former director of the St. Charles County Municipal League. Mr. Foust enjoys time with his wife of thirty- six years, Carla and his four children—Carrie, Dan Jr., Justin, and Jason. His world is made brighter by his 16 grandchildren and will wel-come his first great-grandchild in June of this year. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. Dan Foust, Sr. on this Lifetime Distinguished Serv-ice Award in the Cultural category from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Com-merce. CONGRATULATING JOSHUA GILMER ON HIS ACCEPTANCE TO THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE’S CRITICAL LANGUAGE SCHOLARSHIP AWARD 2015 SUM-MER PROGRAM HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate University of Missouri student Joshua Gilmer on his acceptance to, and completion of, the U.S. Department of State’s Critical Lan-guage Scholarship award (CLS) 2015 summer program. Joshua, a graduate of Nixa High School in Nixa, Missouri, was one of just 550 out of about 5,500 applicants to be selected to re-ceive admittance to the CLS program this year. This scholarship is a prestigious award, which offers a fully immersive language expe-rience and cultural exchange to 13 countries around the world. The program is aimed at training the next generation of U.S. Citizens to gain an enriched cultural knowledge of other countries and to be well equipped for careers in diplomacy, international business, and other globalized industries. Through the program, Joshua completed an Intermediate Russian language course in Vladimir, Russia. His time overseas was spent fostering not only his language skills, but his knowledge of and ability to relate to Russian culture. In the rapidly globalizing world, a cul-tural understanding of other countries is a key to continued American success in foreign af-fairs. Mr. Speaker, Joshua Gilmer is now well- equipped with this new knowledge to broaden the horizons of his peers here in the U.S. I am proud to know that young people like Joshua from Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District will one day help guide America’s global eco-nomic interests, and urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on this achieve-ment. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,000,235,912,585.65. We’ve added $8,373,358,863,672.57 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to state that I was unable to vote on Tuesday, February 9, 2016 due to commu-nity events held that evening in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. If I had the opportunity to vote, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on H.R. 3036, legislation to des-ignate the National September 11 Memorial lo-cated at the World Trade Center in New York City, New York, as a national memorial. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DON BOSCHERT, JR. FOR HIS LIFETIME DISTIN-GUISHED SERVICE AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. Don Boschert, Jr. He is receiving the 2015 Citizen of the Year Award from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Boschert has called St. Charles County home his entire life. Since 1978, he has been an Investment Representative with Edward Jones in St. Charles. During Mr. Boschert’s time with Edward Jones, he has been recognized as a leader and was therefore named Regional Leader of St. Charles and Lincoln Counties from 1998 through 2004, and from 2001 through 2004, he served as a General Partner. Under his leadership, Edward Jones was able to expand from 19 branch offices to 50 branch offices. Mr. Boschert currently serves as a limited Partner for Edward Jones along with working with his son, Greg, in the heart of St. Charles. The commitment that Mr. Boschert shows to the projects and programs of the chamber continue to make the organization stronger. In 1991, he served as President of the St. Charles Chamber of Commerce and also served as Chairman of the St. Charles County Convention Center and Sports Facilities for 3 years. In addition to those office positions, Don has served as President of the St. Charles Rotary, St. Peters Rotary, and United Services. He has held board positions with Crime Stoppers and the Academy of the Sa-cred Heart Golf Outing Committee. His volunteering spirit also positively affects the Boys & Girls Club of St. Charles and the Child Welfare Allocation Panel for the United Way where he has served as a board mem-ber. The River City Rascals benefited from his leadership where he was a Limited Partner from 1997–2006. For 33 years, Don and his wife, Jennie, have enjoyed life together in the St. Charles area. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. Don Boschert, Jr. on this 2015 Citizen of the Year award from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.003 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE157 February 10, 2016 
CONGRATULATING ZACH MOORE ON HIS SELECTION TO THE HIGH SCHOOL HONORS PERFORMANCE SERIES 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Zach Moore, a senior trombone play-er at Glendale High School in Springfield, Mis-souri, on being selected to perform in the High School Honors Performance Series at Car-negie Hall in New York City. Starting in 2009, The High School Honors Performance Series was established to show-case the most talented high school performers in the country. To be considered for inclusion in this series, Moore underwent a competitive application process which required a written recommendation from an instructor and his submitting an audition tape. The various dif-ferent ensembles on display at the series are conducted by renowned conductors, who will challenge Zach to perform to the best of his abilities. Zach has assembled a truly admirable body of work playing the trombone, earning a Bass Trombone slot in the All-State Orchestra this year as well as first chair trombone honors in the All-District Honor Band. He has played with the U.S. Army All-American Marching Band at the halftime show of the U.S. Army All-American Bowl, a testament to his ability to perform at a high level in front of a large audi-ence. Zach has been described as an incred-ibly hard worker who is both dedicated to his art and exceptionally talented. Mr. Speaker, Zach Moore deserves our con-gratulations on his selection to the High School Honors Performance Series. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending congratula-tions to Zach on his achievements, which make him an example of the outstanding tal-ent Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District has to offer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. NICOLE STEINER 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Ms. Nicole Steiner for being selected as one of Colorado’s top two youth volunteers in the 21st Annual National Awards Program by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. She was selected for this honor be-cause of her exceptional acts of volunteerism. Ms. Steiner is a senior at Legend High School in Parker, Colorado. To date, she has raised over $40,000 worth of games, puzzles, and books for a variety of organizations and individuals. In 2014 she founded ‘‘A Game for You’’, which collects games, puzzles, and books that are donated to various organiza-tions. Over 5,500 individuals have received a gift because of her efforts. It is the ingenuity and hard work Ms. Steiner embodies daily that makes America exceptional. She has shown true leadership in her community. As the recipient of this award, Ms. Steiner will receive a $1,000 stipend, engraved medal-lions, and a trip to Washington, D.C. On be-half of the 4th Congressional District of Colo-rado, I extend my best wishes to Ms. Steiner. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Ms. Nicole Steiner for her accomplishments. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. MARY’S SCHOOL 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to recognize St. Mary’s School in Lee, Massachusetts on their 130th anniver-sary. Since its inception, the hard work of the teachers and students has made St. Mary’s School a model of success in the region. In the mid-1880s, Jane Sedgwick, a mem-ber of a wealthy family in Stockbridge, Massa-chusetts, wanted to open a parochial school in Western Massachusetts after a massive influx of Irish immigrants into the area. After 25 years of work and determination, Pope Leo XIII finally gave Jane his personal blessing to building the school that would be affiliated with St. Mary’s Church in Lee. Five years later, the school was built and they welcomed nuns from St. Joseph’s of Chambery, France to teach students grades 1 through 8. For 72 years, the old school located on Academy Street served the parish of St. Mary’s until a boom in the population of Lee following World War II. The pastor at St. Mary’s Church at the time, Father Jeremiah Murphy, labored tirelessly to get the funds needed to ensure they could build a big enough building for all the students. In 1957, all of Father Murphy’s dreams came together and a new school was constructed just up the road from where the old school stood. Since then, the current building has added new wings to the building to accommodate a library and computer labs to better educate their stu-dents. Today, St. Mary’s School has all the new forms of technology to help a new gen-eration of students get excited about learning. Mr. Speaker, for the past 130 years, St. Mary’s School’s curriculum may have changed, but their ideals and their high edu-cational standards have always remained the same. With small class sizes, teachers are able to give important individual attention to ensure every student can excel. The school’s motto, ‘‘Education with a Plus,’’ speaks vol-umes to their dedication to math and the sciences, as well as the moral teachings that comes along with a Catholic education. I want to commend all the teachers and staff of St. Mary’s School on all the success they have had over the past century in shaping the young minds of Berkshire County. I wish them all the best with their future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DONNA GASTREICH FOR HER LIFETIME DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Ms. Donna Gastreich. She is receiving the 2015 Chamber Champion Award from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. Ms. Gastreich is a pivotal part of the cham-ber by the way she passionately serves the community. In the past several years, Ms. Gastreich has worked with various commit-tees: Tech Communications and the Ambas-sadors. She is also involved with the annual Golf Tournament. Her commitment to planning Santa’s North Pole Dash, the annual 5K run, is evident from her willingness to visit the businesses on Main Street that will be affected by the race. Once Ms. Gastreich has gathered the necessary in-formation, she reports to staff so appropriate modifications can be made for the race day. Ms. Gastreich is a positive voice for the cham-ber and the programs they provide. I ask you to join me in recognizing Ms. Donna Gastreich on this 2015 Chamber Champion Award from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. f 
HONORING STEVE WATSON AS THE 2015 KRAFT HEINZ HERO 
HON. J. RANDY FORBES 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Steve Watson of Suffolk, Virginia. For the past five years, Steve—a 31-year em-ployee of the Planter’s peanut plant in Suf-folk—and his wife Patricia have selflessly led an effort to help ensure nearly 100 local stu-dents have the supplies they need for the school year ahead. Annually, Steve and Patri-cia hold a back-to-school cookout that in-cludes donating backpacks filled with school supplies for children in their neighborhood. On Thursday, February 11, 2016, Steve will be recognized as the 2015 Kraft Heinz Hero, an award which is given to the Kraft Heinz employee who demonstrates upstanding val-ues and community excellence. Over 40,000 employees worldwide were eligible to be nomi-nated for this award, and I am proud to recog-nize Steve for receiving this prestigious honor. Steve Watson is a beloved pillar in the Suf-folk community. When he is not manning the Bar-b-que, Steve can be found cooking and serving meals at his church for those in need, assisting the elderly with maintenance and home repairs and donating his time and money to wherever community help is needed. I salute Steve and Patricia for their efforts to give back to the students and families of Suf-folk and commend Steve on receiving this tre-mendous award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER PELLETT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Peter Pellett of Atlantic, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Peter is a member of Boy Scout Troop 366, Omaha, Nebraska and the Soaring Eagle District of the Mid-America Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.005 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE158 February 10, 2016 
The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Peter’s Eagle Project was re-habilitating the infield for the Benson Little League Park in Omaha, Nebraska. The work ethic Peter has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his com-mitment to serving a cause greater than him-self and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Peter in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MERLE SCHNEI-DER FOR HIS LIFETIME DISTIN-GUISHED SERVICE AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. Merle Schneider. He is receiving the Lifetime Distinguished Service Award in the Humani-tarian category from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Schneider is well known for his enter-taining style of auctioneering and emceeing for charity events in the St. Louis area. His self- taught auctioneering skills have benefited nu-merous organizations for their trivia nights, dinner auctions, and most recently for events honoring our veterans. For the past 30 years, during the Christmas season, Mr. Schneider plays the part of Santa and brings joy to many children as he hands out candy canes and teddy bears. Santa Merle also annually appears at events for Toys for Tots, St. Louis Crisis Nursery, and also provides opportunities for photos with children while listening to their Christmas wishes. Numerous organizations have bene-fited from Mr. Schneider’s emcee skills, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, the Duchesne High School Foresight Dinner Auc-tion, Foodbank of St. Louis, Volunteers in Medicine, and Giant Steps for Autism. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. Merle Schneider on this Lifetime Distinguished Service Award in the Humanitarian category from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. RECOGNIZING MS. RILEY HOLCOMB HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Ms. Riley Holcomb for being selected as one of Colorado’s Distinguished Finalists in the 21st Annual National Awards Program by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. She was selected for this honor due to her ex-ceptional acts of volunteerism. Ms. Holcomb is a seventh-grade student at Altona Middle School in Longmont, Colorado. She was originally inspired to make a dif-ference when her aunt passed away from kid-ney cancer. Over the past four years, Ms. Hol-comb founded a Relay for Life team which has raised over $18,000 for the American Cancer Society. It is the ingenuity and hard work Ms. Holcomb embodies daily that makes America exceptional. She has shown true leadership in her community. As the recipient of this award, she will re-ceive an engraved bronze medallion. On be-half of the 4th Congressional District of Colo-rado, I extend my best wishes to Ms. Hol-comb. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Ms. Riley Holcomb for her accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE OF MRS. KAY BEARD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Kay Beard for her lifetime of distinguished service to our county and our state. Kay’s commitment to our community has enriched the lives of so many and helped guide many of today’s leaders in our region to-wards greater success. Kay was born in Detroit in 1921 and had a reputation as a proud and feisty Irish Amer-ican. In 1946, Kay married the late Jerry Beard after he returned from World War II and together, they raised five children. With her strong focus on family and community, Kay became more involved in politics joining Citi-zens for Educational Freedom and eventually running unsuccessfully for State Representa-tive. Undeterred, Kay kept at it and in 1978 was appointed to the Wayne County Commis-sion where she was then elected to fifteen consecutive terms, until her retirement in 2008. During that time, Kay developed a rep-utation as an outspoken force to be reckoned with in Wayne County Government. She cared deeply about serving the constituents of her district, and did so with distinction for thirty years. Kay was a beloved mother of five, grand-mother of three, sister, and a loving wife to her late husband Jerry. Kay was deeply in-volved in a wide array of community initiatives including the United Way Community Services Board, the Blue Cross Senior Advisory Coun-cil, the National Council for School-to-Work Opportunities, and was a founding member of Hospices of Michigan, just to name a few. She did this work because it was good for the community and in doing so; she set an exam-ple for what it meant to be a committed public servant of the highest order. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor Mrs. Kay Beard for her lifetime of service to our community. I considered her a friend and a role model, and while her serv-ice to us will be remembered, her loss will be felt for a long time to come. f 
CONGRATULATING RANDY SCHIL-LING FOR HIS LIFETIME DISTIN-GUISHED SERVICE AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. Randy Schilling. He is receiving the Lifetime Distinguished Service Award in the Civic cat-egory from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Schilling started his commitment to revi-talizing Main Street St. Charles in 1992. As founder of Quilogy, Randy made the decision to set up his business on South Main and also purchase five additional buildings on South Main which he ended up renovating. The dedication to preserving the historical aspect of Main Street St. Charles continues to this day. Mr. Schilling successfully modifies historic buildings on Historic Main Street for modern business purposes. The projects he has spearheaded have shown the importance of supporting the maintenance of these his-toric structures. One of Mr. Schilling’s recent projects is his purchase and renovation of the old Post Office located on South Main Street. This 10,000 square foot office space will allow regional startups with affordable workspace for men-tors, potential investors, programming, edu-cation resources, and a community of local entrepreneurs. As a native of St. Charles, Mr. Schilling has witnessed where St. Charles began and where it is going. He graduated in 1985 from the Uni-versity of Missouri with a major in Electrical Engineering. Once he completed his under-graduate degree, he received his MBA in 1989 from the University of Illinois in Springfield, IL. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. Randy Schilling on this Lifetime Distinguished Service Award in the Civic category from the Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Com-merce. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TAIWAN’S PEACE INITIATIVE ROADMAP 
HON. SCOTT DesJARLAIS 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the efforts that our close partner and ally Taiwan has made in support of peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region. Last year, Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou proposed the South China Sea Peace Initia-tive, reiterating their government’s long-standing position of shelving disputes and pro-moting joint resource development in these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.009 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE159 February 10, 2016 
contested waters. On January 28, 2016, Presi-dent Ma further proposed ‘‘the South China Sea Peace Initiative Roadmap’’ during his visit to Taiping Island in the Spratly of the South China Sea. The content of the Peace Initiative Roadmap is stated as below: ‘‘1. ‘‘Yes’’ to cooperation, ‘‘no’’ to confronta-tion: A cooperation and development mecha-nism that contributes to peace and prosperity in the South China Sea should first be estab-lished, and sovereignty disputes should be set aside for future resolution through peaceful means. 2. ‘‘Yes’’ to sharing, ‘‘no’’ to monopolizing: A cooperation and development mechanism should ensure equal participation and re-source sharing among all parties concerned in the region in order to avoid undermining the rights and interests of any party. 3. ‘‘Yes’’ to pragmatism, ‘‘no’’ to intran-sigence: The initial focus should be on as-pects which are beneficial to all parties con-cerned and on which consensus can be easily achieved; various cooperation items should be pragmatically and gradually promoted so as to avoid missing out on cooperation opportunities as a result of any party insisting on its posi-tion. The viable path consists of shelving dis-putes, integrated planning, and zonal develop-ment. The two essential elaborations are: First, all parties concerned in the region should be included in the consultation mecha-nism for this initiative so that they can engage in cooperation and negotiations on integrated planning for the South China Sea. Second, the cooperation and consultation mechanism pro-posed in this initiative should be a provisional arrangement of a practical nature, and should not undermine the position of any party con-cerned or jeopardize or hamper the reaching of a final agreement on the South China Sea.’’ The Taiwan government has reaffirmed its commitment to uphold the freedom of naviga-tion and overflight, and has actively worked to promote peace and prosperity throughout the South China Sea region. I urge my colleagues to join me in working with our Taiwanese part-ners to promote our common interests and find a viable path to maintain peace and sta-bility in the South China Sea. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SOUTH LAKE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND THE RETIREMENT OF RAY SAN FRATELLO 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize the 20th anniversary of the South Lake Chamber of Commerce, and the retirement of Ray San Fratello. On December 31, 2015, Mr. San Fratello retired as President of South Lake Chamber of Com-merce. Mr. San Fratello has led the South Lake Chamber of Commerce for the past 12 years after 13 years with the Genesee County Chamber of Commerce in upstate New York. Under his leadership, the South Lake Cham-ber of Commerce has experienced tremen-dous growth with the largest membership in Lake County. He has received much recogni-tion for his efforts including the 2013 Florida Association of Chamber Professionals, Cham-ber Professional of the Year. During the past century, the South Lake Chamber of Commerce has been through many phases of growth and change to create the longstanding history and tradition of suc-cessful business organization. Formed more than 20 years ago, the South Lake Chamber’s footprint has expanded to Clermont, Minneola, Groveland, Mascotte, Monteverde, and Four Corners. The original Board of Trade, estab-lished in 1895, created a new vision of com-munity and business development for South Lake County. One century later in 1995, the Clermont-Minneola and Groveland-Mascotte Chambers united for the betterment of South Lake. Today, after 20 years, the South Lake Chamber of Commerce continues to foster a spirit of cooperation and progress among the area’s business community. The excellence with which the South Lake Chamber of Commerce and Mr. San Fratello serve South Lake County’s business commu-nity and enterprises is evident from their his-tory and recognition. I commend them for their many achievements and I am pleased to con-gratulate them on the celebration of their 20th anniversary. My sincerest wishes and con-gratulations to Mr. San Fratello and his family on his retirement. f 
KEEPING AMERICA STRONG IN THE WESTERN PACIFIC 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I am in-troducing legislation to approve a 15-year ex-tension of the United States’ Compact of Free Association with the Republic of Palau. President Ronald Reagan, recognizing the importance of the Western Pacific to U.S. se-curity interests, first negotiated the Compact with Palau. President Reagan’s prescience of the need to maintain strategic denial to the military of other nations in the land, air, and sea of Palau—an area the size of Texas—is apparent now more than ever. Yet we in Congress have failed to maintain the commitment that President Reagan estab-lished with Palau. The 1986 Compact provided for annual economic assistance. In 2010, the U.S. and Palau agreed to an extension of this Compact assistance and agreed that funding should gradually taper off over the succeeding 15 years. In 2012, Chairman Donald Manzullo of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific introduced the necessary legislation to ap-prove the extension. Hearings and markup were held, but no further action ensued. It is true that Congress has continued to provide financial assistance to Palau per the terms of the extension agreement—but only on an installment basis, year-by-year. No long- term commitment to our ally has been forth-coming. Yet, the Republic of Palau continues to send its citizens to serve in the U.S. Armed Forces. Palau votes with the United States in the United Nations 95 percent of the time. And Palau’s keystone geographic position in the defensive ‘‘second island chain’’ in the West-ern Pacific has not altered. Our failure to follow through on a negotiated agreement with a key ally not only leaves Palau uncertain about America’s commitment. It leaves any nation that receives an assur-ance from the United States wondering wheth-er America is good for its word. So, it is time to renew the effort here in Congress to affirm the alliance that President Reagan began. The legislation I am intro-ducing approves the extension of the Compact of Free Association with the Republic of Palau. This legislation will help maintain the American presence that we acquired at great cost in the bloody battles of World War II and will bulwark America’s position in the Western Pacific in the years ahead. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF ST. JOSEPH CATHO-LIC CHURCH IN PENSACOLA, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 125th anniversary of the historic St. Joseph Catholic Church in Pensa-cola, Florida. St. Joseph parish of Pensacola traces its roots back to 1891, as an outgrowth of St. Mi-chael the Archangel Catholic Church and to the pastorship of Reverend Robert Fullerton. Although it was founded as the first African- American church in the Diocese of Mobile, St. Joseph Catholic Church cared not only for the religious needs of the Pensacola African- American community, but the church also served individuals from diverse backgrounds who wished to worship at the church. Whether in its original two-story wooden building or its current Gothic Revival style structure adorned with stained-glass windows and completed in 1894, the multi-cultural parish family has been blessed by the Word of God for 125 years. During that time, the church underwent structural and pastoral changes, operated Maryall Negro Missions and four mission chapels, Our Lady of Fatima Mission School, a grammar school, at one point the only Catholic African-American high school in the state of Florida, St. Joseph orphanage that opened its doors to homeless African-Amer-ican boys, and Our Lady of Angels Maternity Hospital for African-American women, as well as St. Joseph Cemetery. Today St. Joseph’s ministry continues to care for the Pensacola community through the Our Lady of Angels Free Clinic, which serves the homeless and needy individuals throughout the area; the Caring and Sharing Outreach, which provides food and clothing; and the St. Joseph Soup Kitchen, which serves free meals to the home-less. One constant thread throughout its storied history, however, is the parish’s strong faith in God. It is through their strength and that of the local community, guided by the Holy Spirit, that the church has not only stayed together, but has also grown strong through hardship. Whether faced with the Jim Crow laws or the natural disasters like Hurricane Ivan, which devastated the entire Gulf Coast in 2004, nothing could tear apart the bonds of this community. When faced with adversity, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.008 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE160 February 10, 2016 
congregation continually emerged stronger and remains today as a pillar in the Northwest Florida community, full of humility and com-passion—the characteristics exhibited by its namesake thousands of years ago. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to honor St. Joseph Catholic Church of Pensacola, its leadership and its congregants for 125 years of faithful service to God. For over a century St. Joseph’s has been an integral part of the Pensacola community, my wife Vicki and I thank them for their dedication to the people of Northwest Florida and pray for their contin-ued success. May God grant St. Joseph par-ish many more years to come and may His blessings continue to shine down on them. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE JUSTIN SMITH MORRILL CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my legislation, the Justin Smith Morrill Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2016. This legislation would honor a true American hero by posthumously awarding the Honorable Justin Smith Morrill with the Congressional Gold Medal. Mr. Morrill was elected to six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives and six terms in the United States Senate, making him the longest serving Member of Congress in the 19th Century. During his ten-ure, he chaired the House Committee on Ways and Means, the Senate Committee on Finance, and the Senate Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds. As Chairman of the Senate Committee on Buildings and Grounds, he served as the principle advocate for financ-ing and constructing the Thomas Jefferson Building of the Library of Congress and planned the location of the U.S. Supreme Court Building. He also raised funds to com-plete the unfinished Washington Monument and advocated for the Smithsonian Institution throughout his service in Congress. However, his greatest achievement was au-thoring the Morrill Act of 1862, which created the land-grant university system. Today, land- grant and other public universities award near-ly 1 million degrees annually and perform more than $37 billion in research. Additionally, almost 30 years later, Senator Morrill authored the Morrill Act of 1890, which created histori-cally black land-grant universities. Justin Smith Morrill is a man who has pro-vided generations and millions of Americans— especially those from working class families— with access to higher education throughout the nation. His achievements have inspired Amer-ican history, values, and culture and will be recognized and honored by generations to come. For these reasons, and many others, I urge all members to join me in supporting this commonsense legislation, which will honor this great American hero with the Congressional Gold Medal. TRIBUTE TO NICK PELLETT HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nick Pellett of Atlantic, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Nick is a member of Boy Scout Troop 366, Omaha, Nebraska and the Soaring Eagle District of the Mid-America Council. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Nick’s Eagle Project was co-ordinating the painting of dugouts, backstop, restroom facility, and the snack shack for the Benson Little League Park in Omaha, Ne-braska. The work ethic Nick has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Nick in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him nothing but con-tinued success in his future education and ca-reer. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. JAMES SPEDDING 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of New York’s 27th Congressional District, Mr. James Spedding. Mr. Spedding honorably served his country, his family, and his community until his recent passing on January 22, 2016. Jim was born in Lockport, NY on April 2, 1929, to parents John Carl and Blanch. After graduating from Lockport High School in 1947, Jim was eager to serve his country; and, in 1948 he enlisted in the United States Air Force. Jim proudly served his country until 1969, when he retired from the Air Force as a Chief Master Sergeant. During his service, Jim traveled to Texas, Mississippi, Korea, New York and California—but Jim’s travels did not hold him back from pursuing higher education. During his 21 years of service, Jim earned de-grees from Foothill College and the University of Nebraska, and graduate degrees from Chapman University and the University of Southern California. After returning home to his friends, family, and his beautiful wife, Helen, Jim worked for Harrison Radiator Divi-sion, GMC until officially retiring in 1989. After spending 41 years serving his country and his family, Jim spent the next 26 years serving his community. Working closely with the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Base, the AARP Income Tax Program, the NYS Office for the Aging, the Dale Association, and the Sisters Hospital, Jim demonstrated how important it is for members of our community to live their life committed to helping those in need. As I reflect on the impact Jim Spedding had on those around him, I am proud to say he was able to leave his three wonderful children, three grandchildren, five great-grandchildren, and all of his nieces and nephews with a proud example of how to live. f 
THANK YOU PETER 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, having been in the United States Marine Corps my whole life, I learned a valuable lesson; always surround yourself with loyal people. For me, I’m lucky to have the best staff on Capitol Hill—all of them have become part of my family. It’s nostalgic that I come to the floor today to personally thank Peter Rescigno who will be leaving my office at the end of this week. Peter has been with me since I was elected as the Representative for California’s Eighth Congressional District three years ago and has become a fixture of Longworth 1222. As he prepares to leave for New York, I can’t thank him enough for the counsel and dedica-tion he has provided to me and the constitu-ents of California’s Eighth Congressional Dis-trict. A joke I always share with people is when I hired Peter, I also needed to hire a trans-lator. You know, being from New York, he speaks so fast and you can never understand a single word he says. Don’t let that fool you, Peter is one of the most talented people I’ve ever met—his dedication and loyalty stops at nothing. He always has a smile on and deals with anything and everything you throw his way. Trust me; I’ve thrown some unexpected things his way—he’s never let me down. For this Marine, who’s seen change all too frequently, this goodbye is one of the hardest. Peter, as you prepare to leave for New York, I want you to know that thanks for this Congressman will never be enough. I’ll always be grateful for your help and most importantly your friendship. I’m excited to hear about the great things you’ll accomplish. Make me proud, you always know where to find me. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD L. HANNA 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. HANNA. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 64 on H.R. 3036, I am not recorded because I was absent for personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:55 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10FE8.011 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE161 February 10, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 10, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on February 9, 2016 I was absent for recorded vote Num-ber 64. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were here: on Roll Call Number 64 I would have proudly voted yes, expressing my support for the National 9/11 Memorial at the World Trade Center Act. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, February 11, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED FEBRUARY 23 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine U.S. Pacific Command and U.S. Forces Korea in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2017 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of State. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program. SR–232A FEBRUARY 25 1:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Tribal Law and Order Act 5 years later, focus-ing on the next steps to improve jus-tice systems in Indian communities. SH–216 MARCH 2 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SR–253 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment To hold hearings to examine regulatory reforms to improve equity market structure. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 MARCH 9 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold an oversight hearing to examine the enforcement of the antitrust laws. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10FE8.017 E10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D123 Wednesday, February 10, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 757, North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S759–S832 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and two reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2527–2539, S. Res. 370, and S. Con. Res. 30.
                            Page S821 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 99, calling on the Government of Iran to fulfill its promises of assistance in the case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 330, congratulating the Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet for winning the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. S. Res. 361, urging robust funding for humani-tarian relief for Syria, with amendments.
        Page S821 
Measures Passed: North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act: By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. 20), Senate passed H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                   Pages S761–S806 
Conference Reports: Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, February 11, 2016, Senate resume con-sideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, with the time until the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the conference report to accompany the bill, equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees. 
                                                                                              Page S832 
Removal of Injunction of Secrecy: The injunction of secrecy was removed from the following treaties: U.N. Convention on the Use of Electronic Com-munications in International Contracts (Treaty Doc. No. 114–5); Marrakesh Treaty to Facilitate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Im-paired, or Otherwise Print Disabled (Treaty Doc. No. 114–6); U.N. Convention on the Assignment of Receiv-ables in International Trade (Treaty Doc. No. 114–7); Beijing Treaty on Audiovisual Performances (Trea-ty Doc. No. 114–8); U.N. Convention on Independent Guarantees and Stand-By Letters of Credit (Treaty Doc. No. 114–9); and Extradition Treaty with the Dominican Republic (Treaty Doc. No. 114–10). The treaties were transmitted to the Senate today, considered as having been read for the first time, and referred, with accompanying papers, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be print-ed.                                                                                Pages S830–32 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                              Page S832 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S816 
Measures Referred:                                           Pages S816–17 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S817–20 
Petitions and Memorials:                              Pages S820–21 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S821 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S821–23 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S823–27 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S814–16 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S827–29 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD124 February 10, 2016 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S829–30 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S830 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—20)
                                                                     Page S806 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:02 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, February 11, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S832.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: AIR FORCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Air Force, after receiving testi-mony from Deborah Lee James, Secretary, and Gen-eral Mark A. Welsh III, Chief of Staff, both of the Air Force, Department of Defense. WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the importance of enacting a new Water Resources Development Act, after receiving testimony from Robert W. Portiss, Tulsa Port of Catoosa, Catoosa, Oklahoma; John Swearingen, Marathon Petroleum Corporation, Findlay, Ohio; Rob Roberson, Nucor Corporation, Charlotte, North Carolina; Norma Jean Mattei, American Society of Civil Engineers, Wash-ington, D.C.; and Kyle Makarios, North Central States Regional Council of Carpenters, St. Paul, Min-nesota. BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017, after receiving testimony from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary of the Treasury. BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017, after receiving testimony from John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. Res. 99, calling on the Government of Iran to fulfill its promises of assistance in the case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; S. Res. 361, urging robust funding for humani-tarian relief for Syria, with amendments; and S. Res. 330, congratulating the Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet for winning the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. U.S. POLICY IN CENTRAL AFRICA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States policy in Central Africa, focusing on the imperative of good govern-ance, after receiving testimony from Linda Thomas- Greenfield, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, and Thomas Perriello, Special Envoy for the Great Lakes of Africa, both of the Department of State; Roger Meece, former Ambassador and former United Nations Special Representative to the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo, Seattle, Washington; and Sarah Margon, Human Rights Watch, Wash-ington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: S. 2517, to require a report on United States strategy to combat terrorist use of social media, with an amendment; H.R. 1656, to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for re-stricted areas, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2509, to improve the Government-wide man-agement of Federal property, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2522, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to build partnerships to prevent violence by extremists, with an amendment; S. 1526, to amend title 10 and title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements, to amend title 31 and 41, United States Code, to im-prove the payment protections available to construc-tion contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for work performed, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 236, to amend the Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to create an expedited procedure to enact rec-ommendations of the Government Accountability Office for consolidation and elimination to reduce duplication, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D125 February 10, 2016 
S. 1411, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance pay-able to a former President, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 795, to enhance whistleblower protection for contractor and grantee employees, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2450, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address administrative leave for Federal employees, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2418, to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish university labs for student-de-veloped technology-based solutions for countering online recruitment of violent extremists, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2340, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 3361, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Senate re-garding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers; An original resolution directing the Senate Legal Counsel to bring civil action to enforce a subpoena of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations; and The nomination of Beth F. Cobert, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. MENTAL HEALTH AND THE JUSTICE SYSTEM Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine mental health and the justice system, including S. 2002, to strengthen our mental health system and improve public safety, after receiv-ing testimony from William M. Ward, Minnesota Public Defender, Minneapolis; W. David Guice, North Carolina Department of Public Safety Divi-sion of Adult Correction and Juvenile Justice, Ra-leigh; Susan Pamerleau, Bexar County Sheriff, San Antonio, Texas; Fred C. Osher, The Council of State Governments Justice Center, Johns Island, South Carolina; and Pete Earley, Fairfax, Virginia. NEW SCAMS TARGETING SENIORS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine a new scam by global drug traf-fickers perpetrated against our nation’s seniors, after receiving testimony from Alan Scott Brown, Acting Assistant Director for Investigative Programs, Home-land Security Investigations, Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; Jill Steinberg, Senior Counsel to the Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice; Andy Mar-tin, Henderson, Nevada; and Daniel Seibert, Green Valley, Arizona. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4514–4531 and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 114 were introduced.
                              Pages H708–09 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H710–11 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 611, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2017) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain dis-closure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A, and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from Feb-ruary 15, 2016, through February 22, 2016 (H. Rept. 114–421).
                                                           Page H708 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jody B. Hice (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                       Page H653 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:58 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H659 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Safe Drinking Water Act Improved Compliance Awareness Act: H.R. 4470, amended, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act with respect to the re-quirements related to lead in drinking water, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 416 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 67.
                                                             Pages H662–68, H676–77 
Scientific Research in the National Interest Act: The House passed H.R. 3293, to provide for greater accountability in Federal funding for scientific re-search, to promote the progress of science in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD126 February 10, 2016 
United States that serves that national interest, by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 70. 
                                                                    Pages H677–90, H690–93 
Rejected the Edwards motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with amendments, by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 69. 
                                                                                      Pages H691–92 
Agreed to: Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–420) that establishes a new objec-tive of the research which would ensure that the re-search conducted is consistent with established and widely accepted scientific methods applicable to the field of study of exploration;
                         Pages H685–86 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–420) that establishes a new objec-tive of the research that would ensure that the re-search conducted is consistent with the definition of basic research as it applies to the purpose and field of study;
                                                                   Pages H686–88 
DelBene amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–420) that clarifies that language in the bill allowing research to be funded for the devel-opment of an American STEM workforce also in-cludes computer science and information technology sectors; and
                                                             Pages H688–89 
DelBene amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–420) that clarifies that the bill does not impact grant funding that has already been awarded by the National Science Foundation. 
                                                                                      Pages H689–90 
Rejected: Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–420) that sought to replace subsection 2(b), ‘‘Determination’’, to en-sure that such determination is consistent with the mission of the agency and with the existing merit- review criteria (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 68).
                 Pages H684–85, H690–91 
H. Res. 609, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 3442) and (H.R. 3293) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 178 noes, Roll No. 66, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 65.
                                                                     Pages H668–76 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:13 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:45 p.m.
                                                     Page H690 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to dis-charge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 111, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust.                                        Page H693 
United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 907, to improve defense cooperation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
                                                                                      Pages H693–94 
Judicial Redress Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1428, to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states.
             Page H694 
Senate Messages: Message from the Senate and mes-sage received from the Senate by the Clerk and sub-sequently presented to the House today appears on page H662. Senate Referral: S. 2109 was referred to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
                                                                                              Page H707 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H675–76, H676, H677, H690–91, H692, and H693. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:31 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEW OF THE 2016 AGENDA FOR THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-ing to review the 2016 Agenda for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Testimony was heard from Timothy Massad, Chairman, Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission. APPROPRIATIONS—NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development held a budget hearing on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Testimony was heard from Stephen Burns, Chairman, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission; Kristine Svinicki, Commissioner, Nuclear Regulatory Commission; William Ostendorff, Commissioner, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission; and Jeff Baran, Commissioner, Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D127 February 10, 2016 
APPROPRIATIONS—COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion. Testimony was heard from Timothy Massad, Chairman, Commodity Futures Trading Commission. UNDERSTANDING AND DETERRING RUSSIA: U.S. POLICIES AND STRATEGIES Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding and Deterring Rus-sia: U.S. Policies and Strategies’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE NATIONAL COMMISSION ON THE FUTURE OF THE ARMY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Recommendations from the National Commission on the Future of the Army’’. Testimony was heard from General Carter Ham, USA (Retired), Chairman, National Commission on the Future of the Army; and Robert F. Hale, Commissioner, National Com-mission on the Future of the Army. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION POLICY AND PROGRAMS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense (DoD) Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) Policy and Programs for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Arthur T. Hopkins, performing the Duties of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense Programs; Kenneth A. Myers, Director, Defense Threat Reduction Agency and U.S. Strategic Command Center for Combating Weapons of Mass Destruction (SCC–MD); and Wendin D. Smith, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion. NEXT STEPS FOR K–12 EDUCATION: IMPLEMENTING THE PROMISE TO RESTORE STATE AND LOCAL CONTROL Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps for K–12 Education: Implementing the Prom-ise to Restore State and Local Control’’. Testimony was heard from Joy Hofmeister, Superintendent of Public Instruction, Oklahoma State Department of Education, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Paul ‘Vic’ Wilson, Superintendent, Hartselle City Schools, Hartselle, Alabama; and public witnesses. EXAMINING MEDICAID AND CHIP’S FEDERAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Medicaid and CHIP’s Federal Medical Assistance’’. Testimony was heard from John Hagg, Director of Medicaid Audits, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services; Alison Mitchell, Health Care Financing Analyst, Congressional Research Service; Anne Schwartz, Executive Director, Med-icaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission; and Carolyn Yocom, Director, Health Care, Govern-ment Accountability Office. INDUSTRY PERSPECTIVES ON THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Industry Perspectives on the Consumer Product Safety Commission’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology began a markup on H.R. 2666, the ‘‘No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act’’; H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Small Business Broadband Deployment Act’’. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy and Power began a markup on H.R. 3021, the ‘‘AIR Survey Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3797, the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environ-ment (SENSE) Act’’; the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory In-terference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act’’; H.R. 4444, the ‘‘EPS Improvement Act’’; H.R. 2984, the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’; H.R. 4427, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 4238, to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and In-vestment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities; H.R. 2080, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; H.R. 2081, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of a hydroelectric project in-volving the Gibson Dam; H.R. 3447, to extend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jun 09, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD16\FEB2016\D10FE6.REC D10FE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD128 February 10, 2016 
deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project; H.R. 4416, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; and H.R. 4434, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project. MONETARY POLICY AND THE STATE OF THE ECONOMY Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’. Testimony was heard from Janet Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System. FROM IRAQ AND SYRIA TO LIBYA AND BEYOND: THE EVOLVING ISIL THREAT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘From Iraq and Syria to Libya and Beyond: The Evolving ISIL Threat’’. Testimony was heard from Brett McGurk, Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, De-partment of State. THE GLOBAL ZIKA EPIDEMIC Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations; and Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Zika Epidemic’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Frieden, M.D., Director, Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services; Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., Di-rector, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services; and Ariel Pablos- Mendez, M.D., Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Global Health, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment. AFTER SAN BERNARDINO: THE FUTURE OF ISIS-INSPIRED ATTACKS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘After San Bernardino: The Future of ISIS- inspired Attacks’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. NATIONAL SECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT: BREAKING THE NEW VISA WAIVER LAW TO APPEASE IRAN Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘National Security and Law En-forcement: Breaking the New Visa Waiver Law to Appease Iran’’. Testimony was heard from R. Gil Kerlikowske, Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security; and Hillary Batjer Johnson, Deputy Coordinator, Home-land Security, Screening, and Designations, Bureau of Counterterrorism, Department of State. THE COSTLY IMPACTS OF PREDATION AND CONFLICTING FEDERAL STATUTES ON NATIVE AND ENDANGERED FISH SPECIES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Costly Impacts of Predation and Conflicting Federal Statutes on Native and Endangered Fish Spe-cies’’. Testimony was heard from Will Stelle, Re-gional Administrator, West Coast Region, National Marine Fisheries Service; and public witnesses. THE PRESIDENT’S WAIVER OF RESTRICTIONS ON THE VISA WAIVER PROGRAM Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing en-titled ‘‘The President’s Waiver of Restrictions on the Visa Waiver Program’’. Testimony was heard from R. Gil Kerlikowske, Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; Hilary Batjer Johnson, Deputy Coordinator for Homeland Security, Screening, and Designations, Bureau of Counterterrorism, Department of State; and public witnesses. COMMON SENSE NUTRITION DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2015 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclo-sure Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 2017. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D129 February 10, 2016 
and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from February 15, 2016, through February 22, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period ad-dressed by section 2. Finally, in section 4, the rule provides that the Committee on the Judiciary may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Tuesday, February 16, 2016, file a report to accompany H.R. 3624. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives McMorris Rodgers and Pallone. MIDNIGHT REGULATIONS: EXAMINING EXECUTIVE BRANCH OVERREACH Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Midnight Regula-tions: Examining Executive Branch Overreach’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. EXPORT CONTROL REFORM: CHALLENGES FOR SMALL BUSINESS? PART I Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Export Control Reform: Challenges for Small Busi-ness? (Part I)’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE OFFICE OF ADVOCACY AND THE OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL OMBUDSMAN AT THE SBA Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight and Regulations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Office of Advocacy and the Office of the National Ombudsman at the SBA’’. Testimony was heard from Darryl L. DePriest, Chief Counsel for Advocacy, Small Business Administra-tion; and Rear Admiral Earl L. Gay, USN (Retired), Small Business and Agriculture Regulatory Enforce-ment Ombudsman, Small Business Administration. REVIEW OF ATC REFORM PROPOSALS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Review of ATC Reform Proposals’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BUDGET REQUEST FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Af-fairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2017’’. Testi-mony was heard from Robert A. McDonald, Sec-retary, Department of Veterans Affairs. A REVIEW OF VA’S LOAN GUARANTY AND SPECIALLY ADAPTIVE HOUSING GRANT PROGRAMS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of VA’s Loan Guaranty and Specially Adaptive Housing Grant Programs (SAH)’’. Testimony was heard from Mike Frueh, Director, Loan Guaranty Service, Veterans Benefits Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES’ FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing on the Department of Health and Human Services’ (HHS) Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Request. Testimony was heard from Sylvia Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D79) 
H.R. 515, to protect children and others from sexual abuse and exploitation, including sex traf-ficking and sex tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to no-tify the United States when a known sex offender is seeking to enter the United States. Signed on Feb-ruary 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–119) H.R. 4188, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. Signed on February 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–120) S. 2152, to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an appro-priate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote de-velopment outcomes, and drive economic growth. Signed on February 8, 2016. (Public Law 114–121) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD130 February 10, 2016 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine emerging health threats and the Zika supplemental re-quest, 10 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the National Commission on the Future of the United States Army in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for Fiscal Year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Karen Brevard Stewart, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands, Robert Annan Riley III, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Federated States of Micronesia, and Matthew John Matthews, of Oregon, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Senior Offi-cial for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum, all of the Department of State, Swati A. Dandekar, of Iowa, to be United States Director of the Asian Development Bank, and Marcela Escobari, of Mas-sachusetts, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine agency discretion in setting and enforcing regulatory fines and penalties, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 483, to improve enforcement efforts related to prescrip-tion drug diversion and abuse, S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use, and the nominations of Elizabeth J. Drake, of Maryland, Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing to consider the impacts of the Environmental Protection Agency’s actions on the rural economy, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, hearing entitled ‘‘Foot and Mouth Disease: Are We Pre-pared?’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, budget hearing on the Internal Revenue Service, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Engage-ment in Central America’’, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, budget hearing on Office of the Secretary, Department of Agriculture, 10:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, budget hearing on Bureau of Reclamation, 1:30 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Re-quest for Atomic Energy Defense Activities’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Carrier Air Wing and the Future of Naval Aviation’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 2666, the ‘‘No Rate Regulation of Broadband Internet Access Act’’; H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Small Business Broadband Deployment Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy and Power, markup on H.R. 3021, the ‘‘AIR Survey Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3797, the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment (SENSE) Act’’; the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns (BRICK) Act’’; H.R. 4444, the ‘‘EPS Improvement Act’’; H.R. 2984, the ‘‘Fair RATES Act’’; H.R. 4427, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 4238, to amend the Department of Energy Or-ganization Act and the Local Public Works Capital De-velopment and Investment Act of 1976 to modernize terms relating to minorities; H.R. 2080, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam; H.R. 2081, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gib-son Dam; H.R. 3447, to extend the deadline for com-mencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 4416, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; and H.R. 4434, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project (continued), 11 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hous-ing in America: Examining the Health of the Federal Housing Administration’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D131 February 10, 2016 Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Short-Term, Small Dollar Lend-ing: The CFPB’s Assault on Access to Credit and Tram-pling of State and Tribal Sovereignty’’, 1 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Deal Oversight: Implementation and Its Consequences’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, markup on H. Res. 148, calling on the government of Iran to fulfill their promises of assistance in this case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history; hearing entitled ‘‘Jordan: A Key U.S. Partner’’, 1:45 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Taiwan Relations’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Iranian Terror and Its Threat to the US Home-land’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Department of Homeland Security’s Biological Detection and Surveillance Programs’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 759, the ‘‘Recidivism Risk Reduction Act’’; and H.R. 2947, the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Is the Investor Visa Program an Underperforming Asset?’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Resolving Issues with Con-fiscated Property in Cuba, Havana Club Rum and Other Property’’, 5 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 87, the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Bat-tlefield Designation Act’’; H.R. 295, to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program; H.R. 1621, to modify the bound-ary of Petersburg National Battlefield in the Common-wealth of Virginia, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2817, the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Amendments Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS: Reviewing Its Legal Obli-gations, Document Preservation, and Data Security’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4489, the ‘‘FAA Leadership In Groundbreaking High-Tech Research and Development Act’’, 1 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Export Control Reform: Challenges for Small Business? (Part II)’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Views and Estimates of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure; H.R. 4441, the ‘‘Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act’’; and other matters cleared for consideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Choice Consolidation: Improving VA Community Care Billing and Reimbursement’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing on President Obama’s budget proposals for fiscal year 2017, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine an update on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, focusing on reli-gious freedom, anti-Semitism, and rule of law, 1 p.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD132 February 10, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, February 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the conference report to ac-company the bill, at approximately 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, February 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 3442— Debt Management and Fiscal Responsibility Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Buck, Ken, Colo., E157, E158 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E156 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E160 Cook, Paul, Calif., E160 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E155, E161 DesJarlais, Scott, Tenn., E158 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E158 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E157 Green, Gene, Tex., E156 Hanna, Richard L., N.Y., E160 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E155 Long, Billy, Mo., E156, E157 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E156, E156, E157, E158, E158 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E159 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E157 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E160 Riggell, E. Scott, Va., E155 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E159 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E159 Young, David, Iowa, E157, E160 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Feb 11, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10FE6.REC D10FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST