Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1645 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 2016 No. 51 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 11, 2016, at 3:30 p.m. 
Senate 
TUESDAY , APRIL 5, 2016 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, though we cannot see You with our eyes or touch You with our hands, we daily experience the re-ality of Your presence and power. Abide with our lawmakers through-out this day, providing them with wis-dom, courage, and strength for the liv-ing of these days. Give them grace to understand the world we cannot see or touch, comprehending that eternal issues are at stake. As You care for their physical needs, provide also for their soul needs. Help us all to remem-ber that You are the source of our strength. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, we will soon begin consideration of bipar-tisan legislation that can support American jobs, improve airline safety, and help passengers—all without rais-ing taxes or fees on travelers. The FAA Reauthorization Act before us is the result of a collaborative committee process. It shows what is possible with a Senate that is back to work and back to regular order. In this case, the Com-merce Committee held a series of seven hearings to guide and inform its delib-erations throughout this process. Re-publicans on the Commerce Committee had their say, Democrats on the Com-merce Committee offered their input, and at the end of the day, Members of both parties were able to agree on bi-partisan legislation that passed com-mittee on a voice vote. We know the bipartisan FAA Reau-thorization Act will promote American manufacturing, preserve rural access in States such as Kentucky, and advance new consumer protections for the fly-ing public. We also know it will help improve safety and security both in the skies and in our airports. Here are a few ways this bipartisan bill can help: by allowing us to better prepare for the outbreak of communicable diseases like Ebola, by improving the quality of FAA’s safety workforce, by encour-aging the FAA to harmonize inter-national safety standards, by bringing the government and stakeholders to-gether in the development of safety standards for unmanned aerial vehi-cles, and by taking aim at human traf-ficking. This legislation is the product of a lot of hard work and reaching across the aisle. At this time I wish to recog-nize Senator T
HUNE for leading the ef-fort. He knows what is possible in a Senate that is back to work for the American people. He worked hard with the top Democrat on his committee, Senator N
ELSON , to get us to this point today. But these two Senators cer-tainly didn’t do it all by themselves. Senator A
YOTTE was one of the key players in this bipartisan effort. As chair of the Subcommittee on Avia-tion, Senator A
YOTTE held numerous briefings and hearings on the issue with her colleague Senator C
ANTWELL . While many in this Chamber are fo-cusing on the issue now, the bill before us is the product of many months of work by members of the Commerce Committee and their staff. Let’s con-tinue to work together in a similar spirit. While the Commerce Committee has produced a product that merits this Chamber’s consideration, I am sure they would acknowledge that they don’t have a monopoly on good ideas. I hope we can have an efficient amend-ment process where Members bring their best ideas to the floor. Let’s pass another significant piece of legislation for the American people. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, a few years ago President Obama gave a speech in Miami where he said the fol-lowing about immigration: ‘‘I know [that] some . . . wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law by myself. But that’s not how democracy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.000 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1646 April 5, 2016 
works.’’ That was the President in Miami a couple of years ago. He is right—that isn’t how it works. Appar-ently that wasn’t enough to stop him from pursuing the kind of partisan overreach he once described as ‘‘ignor-ing the law’’ and ‘‘unwise and unfair.’’ It didn’t keep him from doing that any-way. Maybe he didn’t anticipate that a Federal district court would issue a preliminary injunction to prevent him from moving forward. Maybe he didn’t expect that a Federal appeals court would uphold that ruling. But now the Supreme Court will hear arguments in this case later this month on core constitutional prin-ciples like the separation of powers and the duty to take care that the laws are faithfully executed. That is why I led a group of 43 Republican Senators yester-day in filing an amicus brief in support of the challenge to this overreach—a challenge brought by a majority of America’s Governors and attorneys general from across our country. As we highlighted in the brief, the adminis-tration’s Executive action ‘‘stands in stark contravention to Federal law and to the constitutional principle of the separation of powers.’’ It is also an ‘‘explicit effort to circumvent the leg-islative process.’’ So, look, whether Republicans or Democrats, this kind of partisan over-reach should worry all of us no matter who is in the White House because not only is the President’s blatant refusal to follow the law an extraordinary power grab, it is a direct challenge to Congress’s constitutional authority and a direct attack on our constitu-tional order. 
f 
WAR ON TERROR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, ear-lier this year I noted that the next Commander in Chief will assume office confronting a complex and varied array of threats. I observed that after 7 years of the Obama administration delaying action in the War on Terror, the next administration would need to return to the fight and restore our role in the world. Among many other things, that means we must return to capturing, in-terrogating, and targeting the enemy in a way that allows us to defeat ter-rorist networks because let’s remember that during his first week in office, the President issued a series of Executive orders that collectively undermined the capability of our intelligence com-munity and military to combat ter-rorism. Yesterday the Defense Department confirmed that two of Al Qaeda’s former explosives experts were trans-ferred from the secure detention facil-ity at Guantanamo Bay to Senegal. Both detainees had long records of sup-porting Al Qaeda. According to records that have been made public, one of those detainees, a former associate of Osama bin Laden, is likely to reengage in hostilities. The other detainee was previously assessed as likely to return to the fight. This comes at a time when Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has exploited the war in Yemen to secure a safe haven and the al-Nusra Front within Syria is exploiting the civil war there to carry on Al Qaeda’s mission. This is precisely the wrong time to send experienced, hardened fighters back into the conflict. We must use the remaining months of the Obama administration as a year of transition to better posture our military to meet the threats we face, not make it more challenging for the next President, regardless of political party. Actually, there have been en-couraging changes within the adminis-tration recently, such as programs pre-sented in the budget request by the Secretary of Defense to address Chi-nese and Russian aggression, a public recognition by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of the threat posed by ISIL in Libya, more focus on the need to rebuild a nuclear triad, General Campbell’s statement that a larger force must be left in Afghanistan, and the deployment of the expeditionary targeting force to Iraq. This is the wrong time for the administration to release terrorists who are likely to re-turn to the fight. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, this side of the aisle also hopes that we can move through the FAA bill, which is impor-tant to get done. We just have to make sure we do it right. There are lots of things we need to do. I think that the bill coming from the committee, led by Senators T
HUNE and N ELSON , is a good, basic outline for us to proceed on this matter. 
f 
IMMIGRATION AND INTERROGA-TION OF GITMO DETAINEES Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to follow up on a couple of statements that were made by my friend the Re-publican leader. Senator M
CCONNELL  mentioned immigration. In the last Congress we worked very hard together in a bipartisan fashion to form a good, comprehensive immigration reform bill. We passed it, but due to the power of the tea partiers—or, as Speaker Boehner referred to them, ‘‘the crazies’’—they didn’t have a vote in the House. If they had voted on that legis-lation, it would have passed. Demo-crats would have voted for it, and there were enough Republicans who would have voted for it. That would have been a big vote out of there, but it didn’t happen, so the President had to do something on immigration, and he laid the groundwork. He spoke at the State of the Union Address and basically said: Since you are not passing any leg-islation, I will have to use my Execu-tive power in order to get things done. He then proceeded to prioritize what he wanted to do. He issued the order that was so important to boys and girls, called a deferred action, which allowed DREAMers to stay in the country, and that was the right thing to do. He also prioritized deportations by going after criminals, not families, and enforcing the law. He has done a very good job. I think it is also very important to note that the administrative actions the President has taken are nothing unique. We can go back to the days of Theodore Roosevelt, a good Republican President who did a lot of stuff admin-istratively. On his remarks about getting in-volved in the fight again—I am para-phrasing what he said—that we have to get back to the interrogation we did before, we know that torture was quickly eliminated. That effort was led by a lot of people, not the least of whom was someone who has been tor-tured, a Member of the U.S. Senate, JOHNMCCAIN. He has spoken out very admirably, and as only he can, about how bad torture is. And the facts indi-cate that torture doesn’t get any new information anyway; there are other ways to get that information. 
f 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. REID. Mr. President, the senior Senator from Iowa, who is chairman of the Judiciary Committee, came to the floor yesterday afternoon in an at-tempt to divert attention away from that committee and his failure to do his job. He is not doing his job as chair-man of that committee. He hoped to do that by focusing on me for objecting to a bill that would expand the subpoena powers of certain government ap-pointees called inspectors general, but his efforts failed. People weren’t look-ing at me; they were looking at the work not done by the Judiciary Com-mittee. I objected to that bill because that legislation was really a legislative overreach, just as my friend the senior Senator from Iowa continues his over-reach by turning the Senate Judiciary Committee into, for example, a Benghazi committee—a narrowly par-tisan committee masquerading as an independent party. It is the same the-ory that had Secretary Clinton spend-ing 11 or 12 hours before the committee during the course of 1 day. That hear-ing was a flop because of her assertive-ness, her direct answering of questions, and her physical and emotional strength, standing and sitting during that time. My friend’s tenure as Judiciary Com-mittee chair has been reduced to one stunt after another. One of his stunts included demanding maternity leave records of one of Secretary Clinton’s staffers. Another political stunt was blocking the confirmation of State De-partment Legal Adviser Brian Egan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.001 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1647 April 5, 2016 
and yet another political stunt was blocking the promotions list of career Foreign Service officers. And his latest political stunt is preventing the Senate from doing its constitutional duty in considering President Obama’s Su-preme Court nominee, Merrick Gar-land. So even though the senior Sen-ator from Iowa hopes to divert atten-tion away from this disappointment, that is his Republican Judiciary Com-mittee, the people aren’t easily fooled. The people of Iowa and the rest of the country certainly aren’t buying Sen-ator G
RASSLEY ’s political charades. This morning the Des Moines Register, the largest newspaper in Iowa, pub-lished another scathing editorial re-garding Senator G
RASSLEY ’s unprece-dented obstruction of the Supreme Court nominee. The editorial high-lights the fact that because of the Su-preme Court vacancy, the highest Court in the land is now stuck in a rut of 4-to-4 decisions—a stalemate. This is what the Des Moines Register editorial said, and I quote: 
Americans might need to get used to dead-locks, thanks to Senator Chuck Grassley. The head of the Senate Judiciary Committee seems just fine with stalemate. 
Now the senior Senator from Iowa may be content with gridlock in the Supreme Court, but the American peo-ple simply aren’t. They are not content with the way the chairman continues to use one of the most prestigious, independent, and powerful committees to carry out political warfare. So maybe he should spend less time com-plaining about me and more time sim-ply doing his job. Every day, more and more Senators are meeting with President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Chief Judge Merrick Garland, as well they should. According to the senior Senator from Utah, ‘‘fulfilling that role [of advice and consent] requires us to evaluate a nominee’s qualifications for the par-ticular position for which she has been nominated.’’ We know that was when they were looking at Sotomayor and Kagan, who are on the Court. That is why every Senator, using the same logic as my friend from Utah—Repub-lican, Democratic—should meet with Judge Garland. This week he has a full slate of meet-ings scheduled with Senate Democrats. By the end of the week, every Demo-cratic member of the Judiciary Com-mittee will have met with President Obama’s nominee. To date, 16 Repub-licans have either met with Judge Gar-land or indicated they are willing to do so in the future. Some even have meet-ings scheduled: Senators A
YOTTE , B
OOZMAN , CASSIDY , COCHRAN , COLLINS , F
LAKE , G RASSLEY , INHOFE , JOHNSON , K
IRK, L ANKFORD , M URKOWSKI , P
ORTMAN , RISCH, ROUNDS , and T OOMEY . These are all Republican Senators who have said publically that they are going to meet with him. I think that is a step in the right direction, and I think it really speaks volumes. Take for example Senator I
NHOFE and Senator L
ANKFORD . I am sure they have in their mind the outstanding work that Garland did when he was U.S. assistant attorney. He led the charge. No one questions his terrific, outstanding prosecution of that man who killed who knows how many peo-ple in Oklahoma with that bomb, for which, of course, eventually, he was given the death penalty. This is a good man. Judge Garland is a good man. In every court he goes to, Democrats and Republicans speak highly of him—Chief Justice Roberts, among others. So I was disappointed last week when some Republican Sen-ators, such as MURKOWSKI and M ORAN , abandoned their previous support for agreeing to consider Judge Garland’s nomination. Senator M
ORAN ’s back-tracking is especially alarming because it appears to be the result of a multi-million dollar campaign urging the Senator to reverse his support for a hearing for Judge Garland. As has been reported by the Topeka Capital-Jour-nal, Senator M
ORAN ’s about-face came in response to a backlash from the Koch brothers. I quote directly from the article: 
On March 21, Moran told a small crowd in Cimarron, ‘‘I have my job to do,’’ and ‘‘I think the process ought to go forward.’’ Though he made it clear that Garland likely wouldn’t be worthy of his vote, the com-ments indicated hearings should be held for the judge. 
But they went on to say more. 
Within a few days, Moran’s comments sparked backlash from conservative groups. The Judicial Crisis Network announced it was putting the finishing touches on an ad-vertising campaign bashing Moran, and the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund said it was considering backing a primary challenger. U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo, a fellow Kansas Republican, publicly called on Moran to reconsider, a rare criticism of Moran from a fellow member of the Kansas congressional delegation. The criticisms eventually reached bizarre heights when the Traditional Values Coalition compared Moran to Judas Iscariot. [The] chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network said Friday she was pleased to see Moran changed his mind. 
Well, I guess you could say he changed his mind. M
ORAN was meeting with Garland and holding confirmation hearings until the Judicial Crisis Net-work and the tea party and the Koch brothers threatened him. It will sur-prise no one to learn that the Koch brothers and their dark money helped fund these radical organizations more than anybody else in the world. The Kochs are notorious for bullying any-one who stands in their way. There is, without any question, oligarchs in the land, the first ones I have known in America. They are the Koch brothers. If they are successful in the splurging of their vast wealth and accomplishing what they set out doing in this campaign, I feel very, very bad for our country. They will be talking about us the way they talk about Rus-sia—the oligarchy that is there. We are going to have one and the same. Now, we must not forget how the Koch brothers’ minions tried to intimi-date investigative journalist Jane Mayer because she dared to expose the Kochs’ attempt to buy our democracy. Her book, called ‘‘Dark Money,’’ is on the New York Times bestseller list, and all over the country people are buying that book. Why? Because it is an in-sight into two brothers who are trying to buy America. Charles and David Koch used their fortune and their tre-mendous clout to force Senator MORAN  to back down from his position. Pub-lically, I can’t imagine how one of us, a Senator, could be forced to do that in the manner that he was. All of this is because the junior Senator from Kan-sas dared to meet with the Supreme Court nominee. He dared to suggest that Garland deserved a hearing. He dared to do his job. So is this now what the Republican Party has become—a party dictated by menace and intimidation? All you have to do is look at what is going on with the Republican Presidential nomina-tion. That answers the question itself. Some 30 years ago, though, Senator G
RASSLEY said the Judiciary Com-mittee ‘‘has the obligation to build a record and to conduct the most in- depth inquiry that we can’’ on Supreme Court nominees. Now the Republican leader, C
HARLES GRASSLEY , have twist-ed the arms of the Republican Judici-ary Committee members, compelling them to sign a loyalty pledge and forc-ing them to refuse to consider the President’s Supreme Court nominee. Regrettably, Senator M
ORAN is just the latest Republican Senator who has al-lowed himself to be pushed around, to be intimidated by money. Instead of caving to the Republican leader and the Koch brothers, it is time for the Republican Senators to take a stand and do their job. I hope the re-maining Republican Senators who said they will meet with him will go ahead and do so and will stand firm. I hope they will meet with Judge Garland and take the next step in the process—to hold confirmation hearings. As it was reported by the nonpartisan Congres-sional Research Service, the average wait for the Supreme Court nominees, from nomination to hearing, has been 42 days. According to that timeline, Chairman G
RASSLEY and his committee should begin confirmation hearings for Judge Garland April 27. Last week, Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee sent a letter to the Republican leader and Chairman G
RASSLEY calling on them to abide by this traditional timeline and hold a hearing by the 27th. I am very proud of the Democrats on the Judiciary Com-mittee for doing this. That is what the American people want. They want Re-publicans to stop counting on the most extreme forces within their party and just do their job. That is all we are asking—as simple as that. Mr. President, will the Chair an-nounce what the Senate is scheduled to do the rest of the day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.002 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1648 April 5, 2016 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 636, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 55, H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expens-ing limitations, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there is an old verse that reads, if I remember correctly, as follows: While I was going up the stair, I met a man who wasn’t there. He wasn’t there again today. I wish that man would go away. That man in the U.S. Senate is Merrick Garland, a person whom I am sure the Republican leadership wishes would just go away. But he is not going to go away. Merrick Garland is the nominee whom President Obama has sent for-ward to fill the vacancy on the Su-preme Court occasioned by the un-timely death of Antonin Scalia. In sending that name forward, President Obama was meeting his constitutional responsibility. Article II, section 2 of the U.S. Constitution states clearly that the President shall—shall—nomi-nate a person to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court. It goes on to say that the responsibility of the Senate is to provide advice and consent to Su-preme Court nominations. It is very clear. The men who wrote the Con-stitution understood the importance of filling a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, and they understood it to be so important that they mandated that the President send the nominee forward to fill that vacancy. You can read that Constitution from start to finish and never find the ra-tionale being used by Senator M
CCON-
NELL , the majority leader of the Sen-ate, to stop that nomination from being considered in the Senate. There is no argument made in the Constitu-tion—nor has there ever been an argu-ment made—that because the Presi-dent is in the last year of his 4-year term, he no longer has a constitutional responsibility to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. In fact, never—under-line never—has the Senate refused a hearing to a nominee who has been sent forward by a President of the United States to fill this important va-cancy. It speaks volumes that Senator M
CCONNELL , the Republican leader, has decided—has taken it on himself—to stop the Senate from considering the President’s nominee. It is an embarrassing position to take for many of his colleagues. Look at what they are going through. Repub-lican Senators who went home over this Easter break—many of them— went to town meetings where people asked this very basic question: Sen-ator, why is it that you won’t do your job? Why won’t you even give a hearing to this man who was sent by the Presi-dent for consideration by the Senate to fill this important vacancy? It is a hard question to answer if you take the position of Senator MCCON-
NELL , the Republican leader, because the answer is that, basically, he is ar-guing that this President has no au-thority—no authority to fill this va-cancy. Senator M
CCONNELL argues that we should hold this vacancy open for the rest of this calendar year into next year so that a new President—whoever that might be—would have the power to fill this vacancy. He argues that the American people will speak through this next election as to a new President and that person should have the au-thority. Well, what we discovered over the course of the last several weeks is this isn’t about giving the American people a voice in choosing to fill that vacancy; it is about giving two individuals, the Koch brothers, the decision to fill that vacancy. These brothers have decided it is in their best interests—their polit-ical interests, their economic interests, whatever it may be—to keep this spot vacant on the U.S. Supreme Court in the hopes that a Republican Presi-dential candidate will win the election and fill the Court vacancy with the blessing of the Koch brothers. So Re-publican Senators are going back to their home districts and States, basi-cally facing the electorate in their home States, and finding it impossible to justify avoiding any consideration of this nominee. It got more difficult this morning. I ask unanimous consent that this ar-ticle from the Washington Post be printed in the R
ECORD in its entirety. The Washington Post has reported that U.S. Appeals Court Judge Merrick Gar-land is getting a boost for his Supreme Court nomination from some of the lawyers who know him best—his former law clerks. It goes on to say that 68 former law clerks for this judge have written to Members of Congress recommending him based on their per-sonal experience of working profes-sionally with him. Let me read this passage from their letter: 
There are not many bosses who so uni-formly inspire the loyalty that we all feel to-ward Chief Judge Garland. Our enthusiasm is both a testament to his character and a re-flection of his commitment to mentoring and encouraging us long after we left his chambers. He has stood by our side during the happiest moments of our lives—quite lit-erally, having officiated the weddings of seven of his former clerks. He has welcomed us and our growing families into his home. He is a constant source of career advice and guidance. And he has offered love and sup-port in the dark times, too, when we have suffered setbacks, losses, and uncertainty. This article one might expect from his clerks saying what a good person he is, but they have gone out of their way to suggest to the Senate that a person of this quality and this integrity should be treated fairly—fairly. I listened to some of the comments that are being made on the Republican side about this man, and it is a long way from fairness. What they are say-ing to him is we don’t care about where you came from. We don’t care about your education. We don’t care about your professional qualifications. We don’t care about your career on the bench. We care that you have been nominated by President Barack Obama, and as far as Senator M
CCON-
NELL is concerned, enough said. If Barack Obama nominates this man, Senator M
CCONNELL has made it clear he will deny to him something that has never ever been denied to a Supreme Court nominee in the history of the United States of America: a fair hearing. That is why it is painful for a lot of Republican Senators to go back and face audiences. The partisans in the au-dience come in, in a predictable state, with Republicans saying: Hold the line. Don’t let Obama act like a President of the United States. We want him to go away. Democrats come in and ask: Can’t you at least give this man a hearing? I would say to my Republican colleagues: Listen to the people who view themselves as Independents in this country, folks who don’t carry a party label. They are saying over-whelmingly that Merrick Garland is entitled to a hearing before the U.S. Senate. He is an extraordinarily well- qualified man. There is no credible jus-tification to refuse to give him a hear-ing. Merrick Garland was born in Chi-cago. His father ran a small business. His mother volunteered in the Rogers Park neighborhood. He was the grand-son of immigrants who fled anti-Semi-tism in the Pale of Settlement in Rus-sia. They came to America in the early 1900s. Judge Garland grew up in Lincolnwood, IL. He graduated at the top of his class at Niles West High School in Skokie. He earned an under-graduate and law degree from Harvard. He was a law clerk to Judge Henry Friendly on the Second Circuit and to Supreme Court Justice William Bren-nan. He had a distinguished career at the Justice Department. They sent Merrick Garland down after the Okla-homa City tragedy, when there was a terrible incident—a domestic terrorist bombing—that killed and maimed so many people. The prosecution of that accused terrorist was the highest pri-ority for the Department of Justice. They had to get it right, not just for the cause of justice but for the victims and their families. They had to get it right on this prosecution. So they sent their very best prosecutor, Merrick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.005 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1649 April 5, 2016 
Garland. He was given that responsi-bility and took it very seriously. He used to carry around with him the names of those who died in that Okla-homa City terrorist incident as a re-minder of the solemn responsibility which he carried in this undertaking. That is the kind of person he is. He successfully prosecuted those who were engaged in the terrorism that caused that terrible event. The Depart-ment of Justice thought that highly of him, and his performance in Oklahoma City was so stellar that he achieved his goal—a fair and effective prosecution. The Senate considered Merrick Gar-land for the second highest court of the land, the D.C. Circuit Court in 1997. He received a majority vote on both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Demo-crats. The total final vote was 76 to 23. Thirty-two Senate Republicans voted to confirm Judge Garland. He has been on that court—the D.C. Circuit—for 19 years and he has been the chief judge for the last 3 years. Throughout his lengthy judicial ca-reer, Chief Judge Garland has been praised for his intelligence, knowledge of the law, adherence to precedent, and his ability to forge a consensus. Listen to what Chief Justice John Roberts of the U.S. Supreme Court said during his own confirmation hearing: ‘‘Any time Judge Garland disagrees, you know you’re in a difficult area.’’ I have my differences with Chief Jus-tice Roberts of the U.S. Supreme Court, but I will be the first to say his presentation to the Senate Judiciary Committee was one I will never forget. He sat there for 2 days, without a note in front of him, and answered every question effectively and eloquently. I left there with the distinct impression he was one of the brightest individuals who had ever been nominated to the Supreme Court. So this man, Chief Justice Roberts, whether we agree with his politics or his decisions, should be listened to when he says of Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nominee, that if you disagreed with Judge Garland, you know you are in a difficult area. That is high praise from Chief Justice John Roberts. It is high praise for a man who has been denied a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee for the first time in the history of the Sen-ate. I commend Judge Garland for his many decades of public service and congratulate him and his wife Lynn and their daughters for the great honor they have been given to be nominated to the U.S. Supreme Court. I offer as well a word of apology to them for the way they are being treated by the U.S. Senate. This is not right. I hope that in the quiet and the soli-tude of their own Republican caucus lunch, they will close the door and turn to one another and say: This is not fair. It is not right. We owe this man a hear-ing. I am not saying he should be rubberstamped. I am not saying the Senate Republican majority should ap-prove this man, although I think it is difficult not to. I am saying he should be given a hearing. He deserves that re-spect from the U.S. Senate. It would be terrible and beneath the dignity of the Senate Republicans to close the doors of the Senate to such an accomplished American and deny him a fair hearing and a vote. The President has met his responsibility. The Senate should do no less. I know Merrick Garland is in for a rough ride. The senior Senator from Texas said as much a few weeks ago. He said President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee would ‘‘bear some re-semblance to a pinata.’’ Do we know what that means? Re-member, if you will, that Mexican cus-tom of filling a paper mache animal with candy, then blindfolding a child and giving him a stick or a bat to try to swing wildly and beat on that pinata until it is broken open and the candy hits the floor. That was the analogy used by the senior Senator from Texas as to how Merrick Garland should ex-pect to be treated if his nomination comes before the Senate. It is a sad commentary, but it may reflect the re-ality of the bitter political environ-ment we live in. It is troubling to hear our nomination process in the Senate characterized this way. There is a way to avoid pinata poli-tics. Let’s give Merrick Garland a fair hearing. Right now, conservative groups and some Senate Republicans are taking their swings blindly at Merrick Gar-land. They are flailing around, hoping to find some argument to justify the mistreatment which they are offering. For example, there is a rightwing advo-cacy group calling itself the Judicial Crisis Network, whatever that is, that recently announced a multi-State ad campaign against Judge Garland. How about that. They will not give him a hearing. They will not even let him sit down in a chair under oath and face questions and give answers, but they have started a multi-State ad cam-paign against him. The campaign said that with Garland on the bench, the Second Amendment would be ‘‘gutted’’ because ‘‘in two separate cases, Gar-land has demonstrated his strong hos-tility to gun owner rights.’’ Several Senate Republicans have echoed this attack. They have heard this so-called Judicial Crisis Network ad and they have decided to amplify it. However, there is no argument that can be made seriously or fairly for the proposition that Judge Garland op-poses the Second Amendment in his rulings. There are two cases mentioned by this rightwing organization on the sub-ject. They date back many years to 2000 and 2007. The first was a case in-volving the auditing of background check records. When that case was ap-pealed to the Supreme Court, the Jus-tice Department of President George W. Bush, led by conservative Attorney General John Ashcroft, agreed with Judge Garland’s position. There was no controversy as far as they were con-cerned. So a Republican President and a Republican Attorney General agreed with the ruling of Judge Garland. In the other case in which Judge Gar-land is accused of having overstepped the bounds on the Second Amendment, he never even addressed any sub-stantive Second Amendment issue. If the Judicial Crisis Network was so outraged by these decisions in the year 2000 and the year 2007, why didn’t they bring it up in 2010 when Merrick Gar-land was in the running to fill a va-cancy on the Supreme Court? In that year, Carrie Severino, the head of that organization—the Judicial Crisis Net-work—told the Washington Post: 
Of those the President could nominate, we can do a lot worse than Merrick Garland. He’s the best scenario we could hope for to bring the tension and the politics in the city down a notch for the summer. 
I just quoted the person who was in charge of the Judicial Crisis Network when Merrick Garland was under con-sideration for the Supreme Court six years ago. Now that same network has decided to spend millions of dollars to stop this nominee. If Judge Garland’s views on the Sec-ond Amendment were so objectionable, why has he been praised by Charles Cooper, the gun lobby’s top outside at-torney? On March 28 of this year, Coo-per told the Washington Post about his ‘‘high opinion’’ of Garland as a judge. So here is the reality. Rightwing ad-vocacy groups like the Judicial Crisis Network are swinging wildly at Judge Garland. They mischaracterize his record and they attack his judgment in an effort to discredit him. If the Senate holds a public hearing for Garland, he would at least have his day to state his position clearly on the Second Amend-ment, but they are so afraid of what he is going to say, the Republican leader-ship in the Senate has denied Merrick Garland an opportunity for a hearing at this point in time. At a hearing, the American people could judge for themselves. How about that for a novel idea; that we would put Merrick Garland under oath, sit him at a table, ask whatever questions we con-sider to be important for his nomina-tion, and then let the American people decide. The Republicans will have nothing to do with that. Senator M
CCONNELL has said from the start he is never going to allow that to occur. The Senate is doing Judge Garland and our Nation a grave disservice if we don’t move forward with a public hear-ing on this nomination, as we have with every other Supreme Court nomi-nee that has been sent by a President. Just for the record, go back to 1987, when a vacancy occurred on the Su-preme Court, and in 1988, the last year of Ronald Reagan’s Republican Presi-dency, he sent a nominee to the U.S. Senate to be considered. Anthony Ken-nedy was a Reagan nominee, and the Democratic-controlled U.S. Senate not only gave Anthony Kennedy a hearing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.006 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1650 April 5, 2016 
they gave him a unanimous vote, send-ing him to the Supreme Court. Despite the fact that Ronald Reagan was a ‘‘lameduck’’—the last year of his Presi-dency—the Senate at that time re-spected the Office of the Presidency and respected the Constitution enough to give Anthony Kennedy his day be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee, his day before the U.S. Senate. If it was fair enough for a Republican President in a Democratic Senate, why isn’t the same standard to be used when it comes to President Obama’s nominee being sent to the Senate on this day? It cannot be explained away. What does this vacancy on the Su-preme Court mean? There are only eight members of a nine-member Court. Already the Supreme Court has deadlocked twice on 4-to-4 tie votes since Justice Scalia’s passing. Almost 50 cases still need to be decided in this term. Major legal questions may go un-resolved because the Senate is not doing its job and not filling this va-cancy. Judge Garland does not deserve to be used as a pinata—a word used by a Sen-ate Republican describing what he would face in the Senate. Let’s give him an opportunity to rebut any at-tacks made against him. Let him ex-plain himself on the record in full view of the American public. Let the Amer-ican people decide if the ads and at-tacks against him are valid or baseless. I urge my Republican colleagues: Do not follow the lead of rightwing advo-cacy groups and attack Judge Gar-land’s character or record when you refuse to give the man a chance to re-spond at a public hearing. That is fun-damentally unfair. This is a real moment of truth for the Senate. No Supreme Court nominee has ever been denied a hearing before, and Merrick Garland should not be the first. The message of the American people to the Senate Republican major-ity is very simple, three words: Do your job. Do your job under the Con-stitution. Have a hearing. Be fair to this man. Don’t dream up excuses. Don’t argue with this President who won by 5 million votes over Mitt Rom-ney. Don’t disrespect the Office of the Presidency or the Constitution, which in its clarity establishes our responsi-bility to give a hearing to this nomi-nee. My Republican colleagues need to do their job and to schedule a hearing for Merrick Garland without delay. Mr. President, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GARLAND ’SEX-CLERKS : CONFIRM OUROLD B
OSS (By Mike DeBonis) U.S. Appeals Court Judge Merrick Garland is getting a boost for his Supreme Court nomination from some of the lawyers who know him best: his former law clerks. Sixty-eight former Garland clerks signed a letter delivered Monday to Senate leaders of both parties, urging them to confirm his nomination. The signers comprise all but three of the ex-clerks Garland has employed since he joined the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1997. And the three holdouts have a good reason: They are clerks for Supreme Court justices. The three-page tribute is both professional and personal. ‘‘There are not many bosses who so uni-formly inspire the loyalty that we all feel to-ward Chief Judge Garland,’’ the ex-clerks write. ‘‘Our enthusiasm is both a testament to his character and a reflection of his com-mitment to mentoring and encouraging us long after we left his chambers. He has stood by our side during the happiest moments of our lives—quite literally, having officiated the weddings of seven of his former clerks. He has welcomed us and our growing families into his home. He is a constant source of ca-reer advice and guidance. And he has offered love and support in the dark times, too, when we have suffered setbacks, losses, and uncertainty.’’ Clerkships on the D.C. Circuit are among the nation’s most prestigious, second only to the Supreme Court itself. The signers have gone on to high-level positions in federal and state government, private practices and aca-demia. Several have spent time in the office of the White House counsel; one of those law-yers, Danielle Gray, served as Cabinet sec-retary to President Obama. The letter paints a familiar portrait of Garland as a careful judge, a hard-working public servant and a devoted family man. But it also offers a couple of glimpses behind the curtain. In one notable passage, the clerks write that Garland ‘‘taught us the value of diver-sity, in all its forms.’’ ‘‘We observed how Chief Judge Garland forged meaningful connections with others from a wide array of backgrounds and ideo-logical perspectives—from the law clerks he hires to the personal and professional rela-tionships he maintains. He finds camaraderie with his fellow judges without regard to who nominated them to the bench. Chief Judge Garland deeply believes that our system of justice works best when those who see things differently are able to work together, in a collegial manner, to arrive at a just result. And when he must disagree with his col-leagues, he always does so respectfully.’’ And they describe how his private response to the Sept 11, 2001, attacks had a profound impression on the four clerks who were working for him at the time: ‘‘From his chambers, we watched with horror the news about the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. In the days after, we re-member the explicit importance Chief Judge Garland placed on coming to the office ev-eryday and continuing to prepare for upcom-ing cases. In the aftermath of that terrible tragedy, he believed it was more important than ever for the American people to see that their system of government was func-tioning without interruption—that the rule of law endured!’’ Mr. DURBIN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I want to join in the remarks just made by the senior Senator from Illinois that we have an obligation to do our job and to provide a hearing and a vote for the President’s nominee—not as a matter of discretion or convenience but as a mandatory obligation we have as Members of this body. It is an obliga-tion that comes from the Constitution, which says that we shall exercise this duty of advising and consenting. For all the reasons my colleague has expressed so eloquently, the American people feel that it is our job, and they are right. Nothing so epitomizes the feeling of the American people that Washington is failing to work, that this body is failing to do its job, that the Congress and the Federal Govern-ment are failing the American people, than the failure to deal with this nomi-nee. The refusal to even meet with him mocks the American system of justice. For all who care about the quality of our judicial nominee, this intran-sigence is both an insult and an injury, and it will do lasting damage to the Court if it drags this third branch of government into the mire of partisan bickering. The judicial branch depends, for the enforceability of its decisions, on the trust and credibility of the American people that it is above politics and that decisions made by the judicial branch are on the merits without regard to the special interests and the money that so infects this branch, and they are enti-tled to our support for the credibility and trust of the judicial branch, and nothing epitomizes the need for that credibility and trust more than the U.S. Supreme Court. It is the highest Court in the land, and it is the most powerful. It is an anomaly in a demo-cratic government because it is unelected, appointed for life, at the top of the judicial pyramid, exercising vast powers, with only the trust and credi-bility of the American people as its means of enforcement. It has no army or police of its own. Its decisions and enforceability depend for their effect on it being above politics. The con-troversy and the intransigence and re-fusal to even consider this nominee is a great threat to that institution. LYME AND TICK -BORNE DISEASE PREVENTION , 
EDUCATION , AND RESEARCH ACT  
Mr. President, on the issue of getting the job done, I want to go to a separate topic very much on our minds at this time of year, very distinct and dif-ferent, but I want to join it in these re-marks because it is timely as we begin the next phase of our bipartisan efforts to combat Lyme and tick-borne dis-eases. We will be building support this week for a bill that has been introduced by Senator A
YOTTE and me, with the strong involvement and leadership of Senator G
ILLIBRAND , S. 1503, the Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Education, and Research Act, with 13 cosponsors. It is a bipartisan bill that is critically important to public health. Today we will be welcoming a num-ber of my friends and constituents from Connecticut and around the coun-try who are experts to provide briefings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.007 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1651 April 5, 2016 
to our staffs in sessions that have been organized by Senator A
YOTTE , Senator G
ILLIBRAND , and me. We are very pleased to welcome some of the leaders of this effort: John Aucott, who is an assistant professor of medicine at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine; Dr. Brian Fallon, a good friend and leading expert in this area and a professor at the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons; Ally Hilfiger, who has been a survivor and strong supporter and ad-vocate; Rebecca Tibball, a fourth grade teacher from my home State of Con-necticut who has been battling Lyme disease since August of 2014; and David Roth, also a leader and a longstanding patient advocate from New York who in his day job is a managing director at the private sector group Blackstone. These individuals are here to call at-tention to and build support for curing a disease that is literally exploding ex-ponentially in this country and now constitutes an epidemic that literally impinges and cripples the lives of mil-lions of Americans. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicates that more than 36,000 Americans suffered from Lyme disease in 2013. It says that the number who actually contracted this disease is probably 10 times higher because it is undetected and undiagnosed in so many people and it is underreported even when it is discovered in individ-uals. Most of the cases of Lyme disease occur in a limited number of States. Ninety-eight percent of them occur in Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Mary-land, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont, Virginia, and Wisconsin. I name those States because the Senators in those States ought to be behind this bill, every single one of them. But those cases are only the ones reported. In many States there is no systematic reporting of Lyme dis-ease, so the full extent, breadth, and depth of this epidemic is truly un-known. We know in this body how to respond and recognize a public health threat. It was done for Ebola. It is done for influ-enza. It hopefully will be done for Zika. What is needed is the same kind of bi-partisan awareness and support for leg-islation to help people who suffer from Lyme and other tick-borne diseases. Sometimes this Senator is asked: Why has the Congress failed to recog-nize and respond to this severe public health threat? There is no good explanation except for the underreporting and the unawareness, and that is no excuse. In the meantime, the cases of Lyme dis-ease are exploding in number, and the severity impacts our economy as well as the quality of life for Americans. It affects people’s ability to perform their jobs, children’s ability to go to school, and families’ ability to function nor-mally. The disease, if undetected and untreated, can cause the most severe kinds of pain and disability. Lyme disease is named after a town in my State. I have always felt it was tremendously unfair for the beautiful and wonderful town of Lyme to have its name bear the burden of this dis-ease, but regardless of the name, the burden is on the entire country—not simply on Connecticut and not simply on the Northeast or any part of the country or profession—to take action. That action must include provisions in this bill to strengthen Lyme disease surveillance and reporting, an edu-cation program, establishing epidemio-logical research objectives for tick- borne diseases, and the preparation of a regular report to Congress on the progress of efforts to combat these dev-astating tick-borne diseases. The ef-fects are devastating, pernicious, and insidious, creeping into every aspect of a victim’s life. Our bill has earned the support of 13 Senators from both parties, including five members of the HELP Committee. When it comes to fighting Lyme dis-ease, there is no partisanship. The ticks that carry this disease don’t know a red State from a blue one. They don’t make any discrimination be-tween the boundaries of different States. The devastating diseases that can spring from these ticks are com-mon to our entire country and there-fore demand a national response and a Federal program that we have outlined in this bill. I am proud to join with Senator A
YOTTE and Senator G ILLIBRAND in this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, to send your staffs to the briefing we have today. I thank others from Connecticut— such as Alexandra Cohen—who are going to be coming today, and I look forward to continuing this fight, which has to be one of a nationwide commit-ment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from South Da-kota. 
ISIS 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise to address last month’s tragic terror at-tacks in Brussels and Istanbul by ISIS. It is critical for the Senate to consider these significant events as we get back to work on bills enhancing security and setting policies for air transpor-tation. In Brussels, 35 innocent people, in-cluding four Americans, lost their lives in barbaric attacks by ISIS at a sub-way station and airport terminal. In Istanbul, an ISIS suicide bombing killed four on Central Street and left dozens more injured. My thoughts and prayers are with those injured, the families of the victims, and the citi-zens of Belgium and Turkey. In the past 2 years, ISIS has orches-trated 29 attacks on Western targets around the world, killing more than 650 innocent people. A decade ago, the group of violent jihadists behind ISIS fit a fairly conventional definition of a terrorist group. Operating in Iraq, they endeavored to kill Americans, Iraqis, and others working to build a free and democratic nation. Today, however, calling ISIS a mere terrorist group may not fully convey the seriousness of the problem. ISIS, or the so-called Islamic State, has taken control of a significant amount of ter-ritory in Iraq and Syria. Within this territory, ISIS has established a self- proclaimed capital city and effective sovereignty over other populated urban centers. It collects taxes, operates and profits from oil well operations, con-trols banking, and rules over substan-tial agricultural acreage. These operations help fund and sus-tain not only ISIS armed fighters but also the group’s attempt to build ac-tual institutions that spread its mes-sage of hate. Unfortunately, ISIS has enjoyed considerable success commu-nicating and spreading its distorted vi-sion of a grand Islamic caliphate claiming authority over all Muslims. Branches of ISIS, trying to replicate what has happened in Syria and Iraq, have taken root elsewhere and carried out operations in destabilized areas, in-cluding Libya, the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt, and Yemen. A recent report estimated that as many as 31,000 ISIS adherents have traveled from 86 countries to join the organization in Iraq and Syria. More than 5,000 of these recruits have come from Western Europe and 150 from the United States. In addition to those Americans who have actually traveled abroad, researchers at George Wash-ington University estimated in Decem-ber that there are 900 active investiga-tions of ISIS sympathizers here in the United States. Let me repeat that—900 investigations of ISIS sympathizers here in the United States. This doesn’t included those who have been radicalized without noticeable warn-ing, such as a couple in San Bernardino who weren’t known to authorities be-fore they killed 14 in a shooting attack last December. Over the past few years, ISIS’s reach has expanded dramatically, and claims that our current policies have con-tained the organizations and its dan-gerous message are both false and reck-less. We have had some successes in targeting senior ISIS officials, but as we saw in Brussels, in San Bernardino, and elsewhere, those efforts have not lessened the threat posed by a terrorist state that is successfully propagating its ideology all over the world. So what can we do to protect against the threat posed by ISIS? Here are a few things: First, we need a President who is committed to forming a robust coali-tion to destroy ISIS abroad. Real American leadership against ISIS must be manifested in sustained engagement against the enemy. We need an admin-istration intent on eliminating the group’s sources of income and its con-trol of territory which facilitates an il-lusion of legitimacy for its followers. Incremental progress is not enough. In-deed, the Washington Post reported last week that some terrorism experts believe pressure on the group’s finances 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.009 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1652 April 5, 2016 
could make ISIS more dangerous and unpredictable until it is defeated. Second, we need to control our bor-ders. We need to know who is coming in and out of our country and why. This includes screening travelers for ties to ISIS and to its sympathizers. One of the greatest threats facing Eu-rope is citizens who leave their homes to fight for ISIS and then return to re-cruit or conduct operations in their communities. We also face this threat from European ISIS fighters, the re-turn of American citizens who have fought for ISIS, and agents of ISIS pos-ing as war refugees. Although we have passed bipartisan legislation to tighten some screening requirements, we need the administration to enforce the law rather than attempt to undermine and work around it. Third, as a final line of defense, we need to better secure the homeland. We must make sure the intelligence com-munity, law enforcement, and Home-land Security officials have the tools they need to deter attacks and to stop plots before they are launched. This in-cludes the need for constant reassess-ment of our vulnerabilities so we stay ahead of threats. Tomorrow I will chair a hearing at the Commerce Committee with Trans-portation Security Administration Ad-ministrator Peter Neffenger, who hap-pened to be in Brussels during the March 22 attacks. While we mainly see and know the Transportation Security Administration or TSA as the agency behind airport screening of passengers and baggage, the organization actually has a much broader charge. TSA is the designated Federal agency for all transportation security matters. As we know from independent covert testing that exposed TSA failures a year ago, TSA still has work to do to improve screening at airports, but TSA also needs to focus on securing transpor-tation by train, bus, pipelines, and through our ports. The diversity of the targets ISIS se-lected in its most recent attacks—a subway station, an unsecured airport terminal, and a busy street, under-scores the challenge of protecting our citizens from an enemy seeking the path of least resistance to maximize its carnage. To stay ahead of this danger, security officials at TSA and other agencies need to be looking at poten-tial threats before ISIS does. Congress has a role in helping secu-rity officials stay ahead of ISIS. Aided by congressional oversight and con-gressional watchdogs, the Commerce Committee has already approved bipar-tisan legislation that Senator B
ILL N
ELSON and I have offered to address airport security vulnerabilities. Our bill is cosponsored by the Homeland Security Committee’s chair and rank-ing member, Senator J
OHNSON and Sen-ator C
ARPER . Among other provisions, our legislation improves the vetting process for airport workers seeking or holding a security credential that grants access to restricted sections of an airport. Over the past few weeks, a number of badged aviation industry workers have been caught in the act helping criminal organizations. On March 18, a flight at-tendant abandoned a suitcase with 68 pounds of cocaine after she was con-fronted by airport security officials in California. In Florida, on March 26, an airline gate agent was arrested with a backpack containing $282,400 in cash that he intended to hand off to an asso-ciate. According to press reports, the agent told authorities the money was connected to illegal activity, but he knew few other details. Some of the perpetrators in the deadly attacks in Brussels were previously known to au-thorities as criminals—but not terror-ists. As we work to address concerns about an insider threat scenario, where an aviation worker helps terrorists, criminals who have broken laws for their own financial gain and those with histories of violence are a good place to start. Ensuring that airport workers with security credentials are trust-worthy is especially important, consid-ering that ISIS in October killed 224 on a Russian flight leaving Egypt. Many experts believe this attack had help from an aviation employee. In S. 2361, the Airport Security En-hancement and Oversight Act, Senator NELSON and I propose not only tight-ening vetting procedures for workers who need a security credential, but we also expand the list of criminal convic-tions that disqualifies an applicant from holding one. At present, even ap-plicants convicted for embezzlement, racketeering, perjury, robbery, sabo-tage, immigration law violations, and assault with a deadly weapon can still obtain an airport security badge grant-ing access to restricted areas. Our bill closes this loophole while updating air-port security rules, expanding random inspections of airport workers, and re-quiring the review of airport perimeter security. The Commerce Committee has also approved another TSA-related bill, H.R. 2843, the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act. This bill would expand participa-tion in the TSA precheck application program by developing private sector partnerships and capabilities to vet and enroll more individuals. As a re-sult, more passengers would be vetted before they even arrived at the airport and received expedited screening. This would get passengers through security checkpoints more quickly to ensure they don’t pose the kind of easy target that ISIS suicide bombers found at the Brussels Airport. Historically, this body has passed aviation security enhancements sepa-rate from a reauthorization of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. While I still prefer this separate approach and believe the Senate should pass our con-sensus security legislation without delay, I will pursue every option to enact these improvements and will vig-orously oppose any effort to water down any security efforts that passed the Commerce Committee. As we look at ISIS and consider nec-essary steps to stop attacks, let’s re-member our recent history of fighting terrorism. In the 1990s, our Nation not only fell behind on intelligence and air-port security, but we did not act with force against Al Qaeda’s enclaves in Af-ghanistan. This was true even after we recognized a significant threat fol-lowing attacks on our embassies in East Africa and on the USS Cole in Yemen. Only after the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon did our Na-tion pursue a strong military response and adopt significant reforms to en-hance our Homeland Security. Like Al Qaeda, ISIS is now a significant dan-ger. While we are doing more to push our Homeland Security and intel-ligence agencies to meet current and future threats, we are unwise to allow this enemy time and multiple chances to inflict mass casualties. As a legislative body, we have al-ready passed legislation closing a bor-der security vulnerability in our Visa Waiver Program and have an oppor-tunity in the bill that Senator NELSON  and I have offered to guard against an insider threat at airports. As law-makers, we are going in the right di-rection. However, our responsibility to the people we represent does not end there. Until this administration or its successor changes the facts on the ground, we also have an obligation to speak about the continued threat of ISIS, especially when the administra-tion downplays the need for a more ag-gressive response. We have an obliga-tion to continue discussing the geno-cide of Christians and other religious groups in areas under ISIS control, and we have an obligation to scrutinize Ex-ecutive actions and conduct rigorous oversight of administration initiatives that pose risks to our homeland. If we can’t do this, we have learned very lit-tle. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING THE VILLANOVA WILDCATS ON  
WINNING THE 2016 NCAA MEN ’S COLLEGE BAS -
KETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to speak for a few minutes on the floor to send congratulations on my own behalf and also on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania to the Villanova Wild-cats for a great win last night in the NCAA final. It was a remarkable game for a lot of reasons. My wife and I watched every minute of it, as I know so many did. It was a remarkable game even before the last-second shot, but even more so after the shot made by Kris Jenkins. We are grateful, on behalf of the peo-ple of Pennsylvania, to commend and salute Villanova University and, of course, the team itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.010 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1653 April 5, 2016 
In particular, I commend the players, not only Kris Jenkins but the entire team. At the same time, we commend the work done by Jay Wright. He is a great coach. He was awarded the Naismith Award as Coach of the Year this year, but we also commend him for leading Villanova this year and for the way he conducted himself, even in the aftermath of a win. We learn a lot about people in vic-tory and defeat, whether that is in the athletic contest or even in politics or life itself. I thought Jay Wright showed a lot of class in the way he conducted himself after winning, which is some-times not the case in sports today. I want to commend them as well for their great teamwork that obviously has to play out not just on the court in one game but over the length of a sea-son—the practice and the hard work and the working together and the way they built each other up. There are so many instances where this team really was a team in reality, not just in terms of people talking about them as a team. I am not sure they could have shot better. I am told—and I hope I have this right—they had a 58-percent shoot-ing field goal percentage throughout the tournament. That is a remarkable achievement. Again, that doesn’t just happen; it happens because of hard work and because of a great coach. I want to commend and salute the team and congratulate them on win-ning a very difficult tournament. This is a tournament that had a lot of up-sets and a lot of twists and turns before the team came out No. 1. That is a great achievement. Finally, I commend and salute the university and Father Peter Donahue, the president. We know him as Father Peter. I want to thank him. He sent me a Villanova hat, which I wore during the semifinal game or part of the game. I made sure I wore it at least for a few minutes during the final game. I was grateful he sent me that reminder of team spirit. In addition to Father Peter in the larger Villanova community, we want to salute the students, who were so loyal, and the fans, who may not have been students but who were either graduates of Villanova or just sup-porters. And of course the alumni made it possible for the team to have the kind of support they have had over many years. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC AND CHILDREN ’S EXPOSURE TO  
LEAD POISONING  
Mr. President, in my recent travels across Pennsylvania, two issues arose that I know the Presiding Officer and others may have heard about in the time they were away from Washington, and I know there are many others, but I will just mention two that the people of our State are thinking a lot about and are worried about and expect us to take action concerning. No. 1 is the opioid epidemic across the country, which has caused the kind of death and devastation that none of us can even begin to imagine. In Penn-sylvania alone, more than 2,700 people died in 2014 as a result of some kind of drug overdose. So this is a major chal-lenge. We made tremendous progress when we passed our bipartisan bill here, the so-called CARA bill. That was a good move and an important step for the Senate. I hope we can follow up on that with the $600 million in funding that local law enforcement and treatment experts and others have asked us for. We need to finish the job in terms of making sure the Senate is taking the right steps on this challenge. The second issue—which I will men-tion just briefly because we don’t have time today to develop it further—is lead poisoning in children. We know what happened in Flint, the horror and the tragedy of Flint, but in a State such as mine, the biggest challenge we have is not necessarily lead from water or in the water systems that would ad-versely affect children. In our case, be-cause we have a lot of old homes, it is lead paint and the exposure to lead paint and the high lead levels that put children in a precarious situation in the short run but even long term be-cause some of these impacts, if the lev-els are very high, can be irreversible. We have to make sure we are doing more to protect our children not only in Pennsylvania but across the country in terms of making sure that fewer and fewer children are exposed to high lead levels. I know we will talk more about that. Those are two major challenges that I know confront Pennsylvania and also confront our country. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY AND  
WORKING TOGETHER IN THE SENATE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as you know, we have been back home in our States for the last couple of weeks or traveling, listening to our constitu-ents. It was great to be back home and to spend some time talking to the peo-ple who I work for about the challenges facing our country and what we have been doing in the U.S. Senate to try to address those challenges. While it is al-ways true that people wish there would be more consensus building and more solutions offered, I would say that, by and large, people feel we had a pretty productive 2015 and are hoping we can continue that sort of productivity here in the Senate in 2016, even though this is a Presidential election year. Yesterday was a good example of that productivity. We passed a trade-mark enforcement piece of legislation basically without—it was unanimous, to the best of my knowledge. All the Senators here in the Chamber voted for it without going through the official procedural hoops that are required in order to process legislation here in the Senate. Previously we passed legislation—re-cently the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act—to deal with the cri-sis involving opioid or prescription drug painkillers that are being abused around the country, and people are un-fortunately falling into that trap, and then the cheap heroin that sometimes is used as a substitute if people can’t find the opioid prescription drugs. So Congress actually has been doing the people’s business here. Of course, we are in the type of profession where people will sometimes say: Well, we think you are doing a great job. And others will say: Well, we don’t think you are doing quite so great a job. But that is the nature of the beast. Either way, it is always good to be back home. As I was talking to my constituents back home, I was glad to hear one thing. No matter what part of the State I was traveling in, there was ap-preciation for the decision we made to give the voters a voice on who makes the next lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. Texans want to have a say in who replaces Justice Scalia on our Nation’s highest Court, and I be-lieve their voice should be heard. We are already engaged in the Presi-dential primaries process. Today is the Wisconsin primary. It will not be that long before we have a new President who will make that appointment. I simply believe it is important—par-ticularly in something that could ex-tend for the next 25 or 30 years and really affect the balance of power on the Supreme Court—that this be left to the voters. We all know we did not end up in this position overnight. In fact, there is a lot of history. I remember that back when I came to the Senate, I was frus-trated by the fact that there was so much politics at play in the judicial confirmation process. Having served as a State court judge for 13 years, I had some pretty strong views about that. But the problem is, there has been a lot that has transpired in the interim. Ev-erything from the Biden rule to the Reid statement in 2005 was really a threat saying that if President George W. Bush were to appoint a judge to the Supreme Court, it was within the au-thority of the U.S. Senate not to hold a vote on that appointment. That was in 2005. That was the Democratic lead-er. And then in 2007 when George W. Bush was still President, 18 months be-fore he left office, Senator S
CHUMER , the next Democratic leader, said there should be a presumption against con-firmation. This is something that is nearly unprecedented. Then we know that in the interim there has been this development of filibusters or the re-quirement of 60 votes in order to get judges confirmed brought to us by our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.011 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1654 April 5, 2016 
Democratic friends, as well as some-thing we didn’t think would ever hap-pen but, in fact, did happen under Democratic leadership: the so-called nuclear option—in other words, break-ing the Senate rules in order to con-firm judges mainly to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals—what some call the second most powerful court in the Na-tion—in order to pack that court with judges who are more likely to affirm President Obama’s constitutional over-reach. So, as I said, much to my chagrin and I bet to a lot of people’s chagrin, we have seen the playbook torn up by our Democratic colleagues and rewritten. The question is, Are we going to be op-erating under a different set of rules than they would if the roles were re-versed? Frankly, my constituents back home think the rules ought to be the same no matter who happens to be in the majority and who happens to be in the White House. Even more significantly, the Su-preme Court is the final authority for many of the most pressing issues that face our country. The Court often acts as a constitutional counterweight to the passions of both the legislative and executive branches. We have seen the Supreme Court operate time and time again as a check on the Obama admin-istration’s lawless actions. We saw this in the recess-appointment case. We have seen it in a number of different cases where the Court has said to the Obama administration: You have sim-ply overextended your reach beyond le-gitimate boundaries. I am thankful for that important counterbalance in our government and the give-and-take that the Founding Fathers intended for us to have with three coequal branches of government. But, as I said, the next Supreme Court Justice could well change the ideolog-ical direction of the Court for a genera-tion. Rightly or wrongly, the Supreme Court has the final word on issues as varied as the scope of the President’s power, the ability of the States to make their own decisions about self- government, and questions of personal liberty and the like. The Court can and has made all the difference in the world, and one Justice can affect that for a long time. We recall Justice Scalia as somebody who believed that the words of the Con-stitution mattered greatly, and he served on the Court for 30 years. Jus-tice Scalia was what was sometimes called an originalist. In other words, he believed the Court had an obligation to apply the Constitution and the law as written, not based on some substituted value judgment for what perhaps the unelected, lifetime-tenured judges would have preferred in terms of pol-icy. That is not their role. They don’t stand for election. It is our role as the policymakers in the political branches who do stand for election—and thus give the American people a chance to voice their pleasure or displeasure, as the case may be, with the direction that we perhaps take the country when it comes to policy. But that is not a role the Supreme Court should play. We need to approach filling this seat with great care. The administration and their liberal allies are now trying to basically throw everything but the kitchen sink at stopping the American people from getting a voice in this matter. In other words, they are trying to force Congress’s hand or the Sen-ate’s hand to confirm the Presidential nominee at this time. They are spend-ing millions of dollars on TV adver-tising. They have hired consultants, and they found some sympathetic al-lies in the media to criticize us. I don’t begrudge anybody who has a different point of view than I do about this, but I simply cannot in good con-science vote to confirm another Obama nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court in the waning days of this President’s term in office. I happen to believe we should not process this nomination. We should exercise the power we have under the Constitution to grant or withhold consent, and in this case to withhold consent. But here we are, several weeks after the President announced his nominee, and nothing has really changed. All the money and the consultants in the world are not going to change the fact that the American people are going to have their say. We don’t know exactly how that will turn out, but that is be-cause this is based not on the person-ality of the nominee but on the prin-ciple that the American people should have their voice heard. As I said, the President has the au-thority to nominate anybody he choos-es, but that doesn’t change our respon-sibility or our authority under that same Constitution. We remain com-mitted to the idea that this vacancy should be filled by the next President. I want to be clear that the American people do deserve a voice here, and we will make sure they are heard. In the meantime, as I started out saying, there are a lot of things we can do working together. Just because we dis-agree about this one item doesn’t mean we have to disagree about everything or that Congress needs to lapse into dysfunction. We currently have a bill pending be-fore us involving the Federal Aviation Administration and the very important topic of safe and secure air travel. We can disagree about how to proceed with the President’s nominee to the Su-preme Court and still work together to pass other good consensus legislation. So I hope all of us, our colleagues across the aisle and on this side of the aisle, will continue to work together to do things I think would help the coun-try a lot, things such as criminal jus-tice reform—a bill that has been voted out of the Judiciary Committee, that enjoys broad bipartisan support, and that the President of the United States has said he supports. There is also other important legisla-tion that I am very concerned about and interested in involving the inter-section of mental illness with our criminal justice system and the fact that our jails have become the de facto warehouses for people with mental ill-ness who are going untreated and obvi-ously the homeless who are living on our streets, many of whom are suf-fering from mental illness. I hope we can continue to work to-gether on these other consensus mat-ters even though we disagree about this one very important matter. I am confident that we can and we will. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF MERRICK GARLAND  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, during the recess last week, I had the oppor-tunity to meet with Judge Merrick Garland of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, President Obama’s nominee to fill the existing vacancy of an Associate Jus-tice of the U.S. Supreme Court. During our meeting, we discussed the role of the Supreme Court and protecting the civil rights of Americans. We discussed a number of national security chal-lenges, including those relating to the detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. We discussed the Citizens United case and campaign finance law. We talked about the respect for each branch of government and our constitutional sys-tem of checks and balances. We spoke about the important role of precedent in our judicial decisions and the need to build consensus on decisions. We dis-cussed the value of promoting pro bono work in the legal profession and the need to address the growing access-to- justice gap. I was pleased to hear that as an attorney at the Justice Depart-ment, Chief Justice Garland worked to clarify ethics rules to allow govern-ment lawyers to engage in additional pro bono work. What I was doing is what I hope every Member in the Senate will do, and that is finding out more about Judge Garland, his judicial philosophy, the way he has conducted his life, his respect for the Constitution and the precedents of the judicial branch of government, looking at current issues and seeing how Judge Garland views those current issues. That is all part of a confirmation process. The President, under the Constitu-tion, has done his job; that is, he has made the nomination of who he be-lieves should fill Justice Scalia’s va-cancy. It is now up to the Senate to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.013 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1655 April 5, 2016 
our job, and our job starts with Mem-bers of the Senate meeting with Judge Garland to be able to see one-on-one, without cameras glaring, how Judge Garland responds to our individual issues. We obviously have his record, his background, his public service, what he has done as a lawyer, what he has done as a prosecutor, and what he has done as a judge on the circuit court. We also should have a confirma-tion hearing in the Judiciary Com-mittee, which will give us more infor-mation. Under the Constitution, the responsi-bility of the President is to make the nomination. It is now up to the Senate to do our job, and our job is to consider that nominee, for each Senator to learn as much as they possibly can— this is a critically important position, obviously, the Supreme Court of the United States—and for the institution to hold hearings and to vote. Each Sen-ator will have to make his or her own judgment on whether we should vote for or against confirmation, but we have a responsibility to consider that nomination and a responsibility to vote. I must say that I was very impressed by the nominee during the course of our meeting. He has impeccable quali-fications as a prosecutor, judge, and now chief judge of what many call the second highest court in the land. The Senate confirmed Judge Garland on a bipartisan basis for his current judge-ship, which he has held for nearly two decades. Chief Judge Garland strikes me as a thoughtful and deliberate per-son who has dedicated his life to public service. And I am proud to say that the nominee is a Marylander and lives in Bethesda in Montgomery County, MD. Chief Judge Garland is the nominee for the Supreme Court and should be dealt with in this term of Congress. It is not a matter for the next President and the next Congress; it is a matter for this President and this Congress. There are 9 months left in this year, and to suggest that we don’t have the time and the President doesn’t have the authority to appoint a nominee is outrageous, and it is an affront to the Constitution. This nomination is not about popu-larity or politics; it is about finding the next Justice who will advance the rule of law in this country, who will recognize the responsibility of the Su-preme Court to be the final arbiter on constitutional issues, and having a per-son who can bring about greater con-sensus among his colleagues. As more of my colleagues meet Judge Garland, they will see that this is one of his many strengths. We need to go through the process and give Chief Judge Gar-land a chance. I think it is hard to understand how you are excused from doing your job for 9 months by not having a confirma-tion hearing or vote. I don’t think the American people understand that. Quite frankly, I don’t understand that. I don’t understand why we are not going through the regular order. Reg-ular order would be for us individually to meet with Judge Garland and for the Judiciary Committee to hold a hearing and to schedule a timely vote on the floor of the Senate. I think more and more Senators will come to that con-clusion. The President did his job, and it is now time for the Senate to do its job. The American people want to see nine Justices on the Supreme Court when it convenes its new term in Octo-ber. We have a new term beginning in October of this year. We expect to see nine Justices on the Court to make de-cisions. You don’t resolve issues on a 4- to-4 vote. We hopefully will have great-er consensus. We shouldn’t have a di-vided Court. We should be able to get more collegiality on the Supreme Court, but we also should be able to make a decision. The Supreme Court needs to be able to make a decision. With eight Justices, in too many cases they are not going to be able to make a decision. Article II, section 2, of the Constitu-tion states that the President ‘‘shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall ap-point . . . Judges of the supreme Court.’’ The President has no alter-native under the Constitution but to make a nomination when there is a va-cancy. There is a vacancy on the Su-preme Court due to Justice Scalia’s un-timely death. The President did his job. The Constitution says very clearly that we—the Senate—have to advise and consent. That is our requirement. That is not optional; we have that as a requirement. Never have we denied an opportunity to consider a Supreme Court nominee. It is now up to us to consider that nominee, and we should consider that nominee by doing our job—interviewing Judge Garland, scheduling a committee hearing, and voting on that nominee. The American people twice elected President Obama to a 4-year term in office. Their voice has been heard very clearly. Elections have consequences, and President Obama has carried out the constitutional responsibilities and duties of his office by nominating Judge Garland as the successor to Jus-tice Scalia. The President is simply doing the job the American people elected him to do. The President doesn’t stop working simply because it is an election year. He has more than 9 months left in office, as do Senators who will face the voters in November. Congress should not stop working, ei-ther, in this election year. Of course, every Senator has the right to make his or her own judgment on whether they will vote for or against confirmation. Senators were elected for 6-year terms by the citizens of their States and have the right and obligation to vote as they see fit. President Obama was elected by the people of the United States for two 4-year terms and has the right and ob-ligation to nominate judges. History has shown that when the roles were reversed and Democrats held the majority in the Senate, Supreme Court and judicial nominees for Repub-lican Presidents were given hearings and up-or-down votes regardless of when the vacancies occurred. While I might have picked different judges, as a Senator, I voted to confirm the vast majority of President Bush’s judicial nominations in his final year in office. I will continue to carry out my con-stitutional responsibilities that I un-dertook when I became a Senator and swore to support the Constitution. Let me remind my colleagues that a democratically controlled Senate con-firmed Justice Kennedy to the Su-preme Court during the last year of President Ronald Reagan’s final term in 1988. Senators also confirmed Jus-tice Murphy in 1940, Justice Cardozo in 1932, and Justice Brandeis in 1916. The precedent of the Senate indicates that we need to take up this nominee. What the Republicans are effectively trying to do is temporarily shrink the Supreme Court from nine to eight Jus-tices and shorten the term of the Presi-dent from 4 years to 3 years. Why? Be-cause the President is of a different party than the Senate. This is dis-graceful and indefensible. Let me quote Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, who was appointed by Presi-dent Ronald Reagan in 1981 as the first female Justice of the Supreme Court. When asked about the vacancy on the Court created by the death of Justice Scalia, Justice O’Connor said, ‘‘We need somebody there now to do the job, and let’s get on with it.’’ I agree with Justice O’Connor. Let’s do our job and fulfill the Senate’s constitutional re-sponsibilities and vote up or down on Judge Garland’s nomination. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:25 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes as in morning business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.015 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1656 April 5, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here for my 132nd ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech. We are now back from re-cess, and while we were away, one lit-tle thing and three really big things happened. The little thing has to do with the so-called war on coal which we have heard so much nonsense about in this Chamber. There was this arti-cle, which I am showing on this chart, saying: ‘‘Natural gas has been waging a war on coal for more than a decade, and this is the year it plants the flag.’’ Natural gas has been waging a war on coal. Not Obama. Not liberals. Natural gas. The article predicts a resulting ‘‘wave’’ of coal plant retirements. Who wrote this? Some green, lefty publica-tion? Actually, it was the Wall Street Journal news department. So as coal companies go bankrupt left and right, there is the coal story. Natural gas has been waging war on coal for more than a decade. Spinning this against the President has been easy politics, but false, and that false political strategy has left coal country with what? Nothing. A carbon fee could produce revenues that could power wealth into coal country, but, no, what they got instead was someone to blame—someone to blame wrongly. Great job. Now to the three big things that hap-pened during our recess. First, a group of very distinguished scientists, led by legendary climate scientist Dr. James Hansen, warned us that this climate change thing is likely to be a lot worse than we thought. Their sweeping syn-thesis, which underwent an involved and public peer-review process, sug-gests the possibility of greater sea level rise in this century than forecast. It suggests, worse, even epic storms, and it posits ‘‘losing functionality of all coastal cities.’’ How about that for a phrase? They go on to conclude, obvi-ously, that ‘‘the economic and social cost of losing functionality of all coastal cities is practically incalcu-lable.’’ That was one. Second is the Great Barrier Reef, a wonder of the world, hit by the worst coral bleaching ever measured. For those of my colleagues who don’t know, uplanders who may not under-stand what coral bleaching is, it is like cardiac arrest for coral. You are not necessarily dead yet, but there is a very good chance you will be, and for sure you are in serious trouble and you will need time to recover. That is what is happening in the Great Barrier Reef. The third thing is a new study out of UMass and Penn State which found that the expected loss of Antarctic ice ‘‘nearly doubles’’ prior estimates of sea level rise. I am from an ocean State. I am from Rhode Island, the Ocean State. This is consequential. How consequential? Here is what one of the authors of the study said: ‘‘You’re remapping the way the planet looks from space with those numbers, not just subtle changes about which neighborhoods are going to be susceptible to storm surge,’’ but re-mapping the way the planet looks from space. Of course, CO
2levels continue to exceed 400 parts per million against a human history where they were always between 170 and 300 until the industrial era drove it up. So that is not great news, but here is what is sickening about it. We don’t seem to care here. It has all been in the news. Senators read the news. It is not like we are being deprived of informa-tion. We just as an institution do not care. That is a defect. That makes us a defective institution, not to be able to receive and process information like this. This is institutional failure, and we don’t even care about that because one might say: You know, I don’t real-ly care myself about all of this damage, but as a Member of this body, I get that the U.S. Senate ought to care in-stitutionally. It is like secondary car-ing. I will do my duty. Even if I person-ally don’t care about oceans or reefs or coasts or storms, I am in. I am in, even though it is not my thing, because I know it is important. But we don’t even do that. So we really don’t care. Why? Why would we be so blind? We are not all terrible people. Some of us actually spend time outdoors and pro-fess to care about nature. So why does the Senate, as a body collectively, not give a hoot? It is a deadly combination of politics and money. That is what in-vestigation and history will show, and the investigations are underway. The history will not be pretty. We are surrounded by money. Sen-ators exist in a world of money the way fish exist in a world of water. We are so accustomed to it, we barely even notice it. Hundreds of millions of dollars every year in lobbying money surround us. Hundreds of millions of dollars in campaign money every election have to be raised. Hundreds of millions in PAC money pours in and exerts its in-fluence, and we don’t even know how much dark money there is flowing around through loopholes the size of the Holland Tunnel. Just one—one— dark money group is spending $750 mil-lion in the 2016 elections. It is a dis-grace, but it has an effect. The interests that spend hundreds of millions of dollars lobbying us want things. The interests who give hun-dreds of millions of dollars in campaign money want things. The PACs and the super PACs pointing $750 million in po-litical artillery at us, they want things. Some want ideological things, but most want money. More exactly, they want things we can do that can be turned into money: licenses, tax breaks, trade advantages, regulations, relief from regulations. You name it, they want it because they can turn it into money. All of that has a desensitizing effect on our values here. If something can’t be monetized, we get trained not to care about it. Values that aren’t mone-tized in the marketplace start to seem weird. Who cares about a reef? What is that weird Senator doing talking about a reef? What a silly thing to talk about in our serious world. Now, someone’s favorable fat cat tax rate, that is important. Jerking around a perfectly qualified Supreme Court nominee, that is definitely important, but the greatest crisis facing the nat-ural world as we know it, no. And we go along. We go along with that warped value system. It is a lie. It is a moral lie so big it envelopes us, and we accli-mate to it. All that money around us slowly anesthetizes our moral and nat-ural senses, and that is how this place becomes Mammon Hall. It is actually even worse than that. It is not just that if you can’t cash it in, it doesn’t matter around here. It is that big, greedy special interests come here to plunder, and we let them. We let them, and we even help them be-cause we become dependent on their money. Well, I have a proposition. Years ago, one of the Koch brothers, America’s biggest polluters, ran for Vice Presi-dent as a Libertarian Party candidate. When he ran, he learned something. He learned the perverse math of third par-ties in a two-party system. The per-verse math of third parties in a two- party system is that you only hurt the ones you love. You hurt the party you are closest to by your third party tak-ing votes away from the party closest to your politics. Well, the Kochs may be a lot of things, but they aren’t stu-pid, and I think they learned. They learned that a creepy far-right third party that could be put in tow to big polluters was not the right method to achieve their purposes. There was a smarter method. Invade the Republican Party, that Grand Old Party of Theodore Roosevelt, capture it, turn it into the far-right party of their dreams. That was the smart play. Money and secrecy could make it hap-pen, and they are pretty close to hav-ing done it. The Republican Party in Congress is as dependent on fossil fuel and polluter money now as a deep sea diver is on his air hose. Cut the airhose or pinch the flow, and we have a diver in real distress. When you control a deep sea diver’s airhose, he becomes a pretty obedient diver. It is a form of the Golden Rule: He who wields the gold makes the rules. The political press, by the way, does little to help. It is a game to them. Who will say something appalling we can chatter about on the talk shows? Who is up? Who is down? Who said what about whom? It is akin to a soc-cer team of 7-year-olds. Most every-body runs to the ball or whatever the shiny object of the moment is, and in the midst of them are outfits that mas-querade as the political press, but they are really polluter PR fronts in dis-guise. They, too, are in tow to the fos-sil fuel industry. Money and secrecy have their way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.017 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1657 April 5, 2016 
So here we are in the Senate, in the face of this news that came to us over the recess, ineffective, defective, idly paying no attention to what is really important as we chase political trifles around, making a mockery of our great American democratic experiment. Well, folks, people are going to no-tice. This climate mess we have cre-ated is only going in one direction. When everybody has noticed, when it is way past denying, elected officials who refused to even look at the problem are going to look pretty foolish, and they are going to have to explain. Well, you see, I thought there was this big hoax. Really. Yes, I thought NASA’s scientists and NOAA’s scientists were all in on it, along with the U.S. Navy and every Na-tional Lab we fund. Hum. That is a big hoax. Oh, did I forget to mention my home State university must have been in on the hoax too? They were all studying climate change effects actually hap-pening in my home State, but I knew better. Great. And every major legitimate Amer-ican scientific society and most of my home State corporate leaders—I fig-ured they were all wrong. Oh, OK, and where did you get that idea? Oh, from a bunch of guys with finan-cial ties to the polluters. Come on—seriously? Didn’t you think that was a pretty obvious con-flict of interest? Wow, is that something I should have thought of? But listen. Now I want you to reelect me because I am such a good, prudent, and responsible decision-maker. Folks, good luck with that. If you think the Republican Party is in trou-ble now, wait until the day of reck-oning comes on climate change. Ex-plain the money. Explain the money. You don’t think people are going to fig-ure out how it works? Explain the talk show science you believe instead of the peer-reviewed stuff. Explain the qual-ity of your due diligence into the science. Good luck with that. Explain why you thought NASA, which is driving a rover around on the surface of Mars that they flew there and safely landed—that is probably the greatest scientific and mechanical achievement of our time. They did that, but you say they were part of a hoax on climate change. Really? By the way, I think people here actu-ally owe NASA an apology for saying such nonsense about them, but that is for another day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, a couple of weeks ago was the sixth anni-versary of President Obama’s unpopu-lar health care law. Every year at this time, that birthday is not one people actually want to celebrate. When we take a look at the reasons Americans aren’t celebrating ObamaCare’s sixth birthday, it is pretty obvious. Let’s read them: unsecured data through the Web site, fewer provider choices, over $1 trillion in new taxes on American families, 2 million jobs’ worth of hours lost, and skyrocketing premiums and deductibles. It is no surprise that the health care law continues to be very unpopular. Americans know that under the health care law they have less freedom to keep their doctor, to keep the insur-ance that was right for them and their families, because the President says he gets to decide what somebody needs for themselves and their families—not the families getting to decide for them-selves. We know that—again, it came out during the break—people’s personal data is not secure at healthcare.gov, as they thought it was. We know insur-ance companies are continuing to give patients fewer choices by limiting the networks of doctors that people can see. The health care law has added over $1 trillion in new taxes onto hard-working American families. Premiums and deductibles are up, and according to the Congressional Budget Office, ObamaCare is cutting the hours Ameri-cans can work by about 2 million jobs over the next decade. So it seems that every day there is more news coming out on how the health care law is unaffordable, unpopular, and unwork-able. Last week there was a new study that explains one of the reasons why the President’s health care law is col-lapsing. There was a study that came out from Blue Cross Blue Shield. It compared people buying new health in-surance coverage in the ObamaCare ex-changes to people who already had health insurance through their jobs. The study found that the new ObamaCare customers went to the doc-tor 26 percent more often than other people did, that they were admitted to the hospital almost twice as often, that ObamaCare customers have higher costs, and that the average medical spending is about $1,200 a year higher for people on ObamaCare than people who get their insurance through work. So why is it that hospital admissions are up so much for people who are on ObamaCare, and why is it that doctors’ visits are up 26 percent? Because the new ObamaCare enrollees are sicker and costlier. So insurance companies of course have to raise their premiums. People are sicker who are signing up. They go to the doctor more. The insur-ance company turns around, and it raises premiums on everyone else. That is why so many people are opposed to the health care law—because the im-pact it has had on them personally. When insurance companies have to raise their rates on ObamaCare plans, a lot of money is paid by taxpayers be-cause it is the taxpayers who are pay-ing for the subsidies for all the folks who have signed up for ObamaCare. What we know is that taxpayers are subsidizing the premiums of 83 percent of the people who buy ObamaCare in-surance. When the premiums go up, taxes have to be made up to pay for it. Well, when companies can’t get enough extra money, they just stop of-fering policies. Under ObamaCare that may happen. Then more people will lose their insurance coverage. Maybe some companies will just go out of business. We are familiar with that process because we have seen it. We have seen that under the ObamaCare health care law, a majority of the ObamaCare health insurance co-ops have actually gone bankrupt. The health care law created 23 co-ops, and 12 have already gone out of business. Premiums were already out of con-trol, and it is getting worse. The aver-age premium for what is called the benchmark silver plan in the ObamaCare exchange is more than 7 percent higher this year than last year. For people who can only afford the cheaper bronze plan, premiums are up 13 percent compared to last year. Over the next couple of months, insurance companies are going to start setting their rates for 2017. They are going to take into account what has happened in the previous year. So this new study by Blue Cross Blue Shield is just laying the groundwork for even more price in-creases to come next year. I think this is one of the things that explains why so many people dislike ObamaCare. A new poll came out that found that 47 percent of Americans have an unfa-vorable view of the health care law. The Kaiser Family Foundation report shows Americans’ opinion of ObamaCare is tilting negative—47 per-cent marked it unpopular in March of 2016. A year ago this poll said that 42 percent of the people had an unfavor-able view. There we were a year ago. Here we are now. The number keeps climbing. Now only 41 percent of the people have a favorable view of the health care law. It wasn’t supposed to be this way. Mr. President, 6 years ago Democrats in Washington were very confident that the law would be extremely pop-ular today. As a matter of fact, Sen-ator CHUCK SCHUMER of New York went on ‘‘Meet the Press’’ back in 2010 and said: ‘‘It is going to become more pop-ular.’’ He said: ‘‘I predict that by No-vember those who voted for the health care law will find it an asset.’’ Well, we all remember what hap-pened in the 2010 elections. We know that Democrats who voted for the health care law did not find it an asset. Democrats lost six seats in the Senate that year, and they lost control of the House of Representatives. N
ANCY  P
ELOSI was out as Speaker of the House, and the Republicans took the majority. Then in 2013, Senator H
ARRY REID was making this same prediction about how popular the health care law was going to be. He told the newspaper The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.017 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1658 April 5, 2016 
Hill in Washington that ObamaCare would be ‘‘a net positive’’ for Demo-crats in 2014. Senator R
EIDforced the health care law through Congress when he was the majority leader, and I think that is a big part of why he is now the minority leader. He lost the majority in the Senate. Why? I think in big part because of the health care law and the fact that it ignored the needs of the American people. The longer people have to live with this offensive and expensive law, the less popular it gets. It was never popular to begin with, but today, even more than before, the opinion is, as this poster says, ‘‘tilting negative.’’ The same poll also found something I found amazing. I have practiced medi-cine for 25 years, and I have been in-volved here in the Senate for a number of years. I have never seen anything like this. This new poll found that 28 percent of Americans say that this health care law has directly hurt them and their families. The President says: Defend and be proud of this law. How can you defend and be proud of something that 28 percent of the Amer-ican public tells you has hurt them and their family personally? Only 18 per-cent in the poll said the law had di-rectly helped them. It is incredible and it is disturbing. ObamaCare is hurting far more people than it is helping. Costs are going up much faster than Democrats promised, as are copays and deductibles. It is no wonder the law is unpopular. We know the health care law makes it more expensive for tax-payers—but how much more expensive? The Congressional Budget Office came out with a report last week. It said that over the next 10 years the health care law is going to cost $136 billion more than they thought it would cost just a year ago. When they compared what they thought it was going to cost a year ago and what they think it is going to cost now, it is $136 billion more. That is despite there being fewer people in the insurance ex-changes than they expected. They pre-dicted there would be 21 million people buying ObamaCare health insurance this year. In fact, they say it is going to be no more than 12 million. People are doing everything they can to avoid these insurance policies—espe-cially young, healthy people. So why is it going to cost an extra $136 billion? One of the reasons is higher premiums, sicker patients, and because the law has dumped so many more people into Medicaid. About 23 percent of the peo-ple in the country under the age of 65 are now on Medicaid. That is what the Congressional Budget Office says—one out of every four. Is that a success—putting all these additional people on Medicaid? The President says it is. As a doctor who has practiced medi-cine and taken care of patients for over 25 years, putting additional people on Medicaid is not a success. It is not what people wanted, and it is not what President Obama promised. Americans deserve better. They deserve better than to be shoved into this second-tier health care system. Plus, in terms of government health care programs and wasting money, a recent study found that for every dollar spent on Med-icaid, people only get about 20 to 40 cents on every dollar spent. How is that for an inefficient government sys-tem? Almost every day we get more in-formation on the damage the health care law is doing to Americans across the country. Republicans have offered solutions that would actually keep the promises the Democrats made for ObamaCare, such as letting people keep their doc-tors and keep their insurance, giving more people options for how they can reduce their costs of medical care. Americans have now been forced to try this ObamaCare experiment—what the Democrats wanted—and forced to do it for the last 6 years. ObamaCare isn’t getting any better. It is just getting older, and it is still making things worse for American families. That is why it is so unpopular. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, today marks my 38th edition of ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ With our Nation $19 trillion in debt, I am going to continue coming to the Senate floor every week the Senate is in session to highlight verified and documented examples of waste, fraud, and abuse. I turn to reports from nonpartisan organizations such as the Government Accountability Office which indicate that, thankfully, somebody is looking into how we run this government, com-ing up with examples of how we can run it better. They let the American people know that we are not wisely and carefully spending their taxpayer dol-lars, and, hopefully, we can take reme-dial action. Last year, I detailed an investigation by the nonpartisan Government Ac-countability Office, the GAO, which discovered that fraudulent applications are being accepted by healthcare.gov. That is the government’s health care Web site for choosing ObamaCare plans on the Federal exchange. Just last month, I discussed a new re-port from the GAO that outlined how healthcare.gov allowed people to sign up for and receive ObamaCare benefits without proper verification. They did a test. They made up some names, they filled out the application, they sent it in to healthcare.gov, and 11 out of the 12 test applications came back ap-proved, with no verification whatso-ever. Subsidies started going out to these people. Even after they were no-tified at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, it took months to correct. Some people collected these subsidies; these fraudulent subsidies went somewhere. These were just made-up names. When we look at 11 out of 12, we have to say something is wrong with the system. And if we ex-trapolated that out, there could be a stunning number of fraudulent applica-tions certified and subsidies sent to people that don’t exist. Today I want to discuss even more ObamaCare problems. This one totals up to $1.16 billion worth of problems. We all know that the Affordable Care Act—which I call the Unaffordable Care Act, based on its operations so far—directed States to either develop their own State-based exchange to op-erate ObamaCare or to use the Federal exchange accessible at healthcare.gov. States had a choice about the action to take. But in order to try to get States to set up their own exchanges, the Obama Administration awarded bil-lions of dollars in Federal grants to States if they agreed to plan and de-velop a State exchange. In 6 of the 14 States that chose to de-velop their own exchanges and receive these Federal grants—Maryland, Ha-waii, Massachusetts, Oregon, New Mex-ico, and Nevada—the end results were disastrous. In fact, the GAO found that these State exchanges were given the green light without the systems ever being fully tested. For example, Mary-land’s exchange Web site had more than 600 unresolved defects, and Massa-chusetts had over 1100 unresolved de-fects. And yet the exchanges were given the go-ahead by the Obama Administration even though these unresolved defects were not realized and not addressed. In Oregon, a State exchange was set up by political operatives. Months after the enrollment period began, the online Oregon exchange couldn’t enroll a single person, and applicants had to fax in their handwritten materials. Talk about a dysfunctional rollout. On this Senate floor we have talked about how, in the rush to prove that ObamaCare was what this country needed and that the government could efficiently and effectively run a health care system and in a rush to prove and get the thing up and going according to what the promises were, all kinds of mistakes were made. Oregon’s abysmal failure cost tax-payers $305 million plus an additional $41 million that had to be spent to bring Oregon onto the Federal ex-change. In other words, they failed to set up their State exchange and cost taxpayers $305 million. Then they had to spend another $41 million to transfer the system over to the Federal ex-change. All totaled, the Federal gov-ernment gave these six States $1.16 bil-lion, and today none of these six States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.019 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1659 April 5, 2016 
are independently operating their own individual exchanges. This was a long time in the making. The nonpartisan GAO and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services raised concerns about these State ex-changes more than a year before they were scheduled to launch. In other words, the warning went out, saying: You are not getting your act together. This was a year before the process started. We went through that whole year and they still didn’t have their act together, and it ended up costing taxpayers $1.16 billion. It is no secret that the Obama Ad-ministration was in a rush to get this system up and going, and in the proc-ess, who knows how much money has been wasted? Who knows the trauma that people have gone through trying to sign up for these exchanges? I think we all remember the classic debacle that occurred in the whole software system and in the whole ex-change system. People were calling in, they couldn’t get anybody to answer the phone, and they couldn’t get their applications fulfilled. All those prom-ises, you know: Your premiums will not go up a penny. Count on that, the President said, period. Done deal. Take it to the bank. If you want your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Take it to the bank. I guarantee you that is what is going to happen. Costs will not go up. We have all seen deductibles shoot up. We have all seen premiums in-crease. People weren’t able to keep the doctor they wanted. On and on it goes, and on and on it continues, and it is at the expense of the American taxpayer. Well, maybe it is not surprising. I am here every week, and I probably could come up here every day and maybe every hour and detail some waste of the taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars. So today we are going to add more money to our growing list of waste, fraud, and abuse, taking us to $158,777,908,417. It just keeps adding up, and our colleagues have not taken the necessary action to try to tie the deal to these problems. Maybe government has become so overwhelmingly bureaucratic and dys-functional that we are not able to run this country anymore in an efficient and effective manner. The problem is that we are asking people to go to work every day to put in a hard-earned number of hours earning pay and send-ing money to Washington, DC, only to find that it is wasted over and over and over. It is a relentless plunge into ever more debt because we don’t have the money to pay for what we spend. Then we have to issue bonds in order to col-lect money, in order to pay for that. All of this falls to the taxpayer, and most of it is going to fall to future gen-erations. They are going to have a limit on their ability to have the op-portunity to make a viable living for themselves and for their children, and we wonder why the American people have lost faith in Washington’s ability to carefully spend their hard-earned dollars. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO J . THOMAS MCGRADY  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, my wife Diana and I wish we could have been with Tom McGrady to mark the retire-ment of a good friend and a great legal warrior, Pinellas-Pasco Chief Judge J. Thomas McGrady. I am proud of Tom and his commitment to the law. Over the years he has compiled a tremen-dous record of success. Simply put, he has made a difference. It is probably unusual for a Senator from Wyoming to speak so highly of a retiring judge from Florida. Over the years, I have had a chance to come to know Tom. I feel honored to call him my friend, and, as often has been said, his departure from the bench will leave some large shoes to fill. Looking back, the script for Tom’s life would have made a great movie. For starters, he was born on Christmas Eve. He turned out to be his parents’ favorite Christmas gift. As he grew up and began to explore the world around him and develop his talents and abili-ties, his educational pursuits led him to another highlight of his life—high school—where he met and went on to marry his high school sweetheart, Mary Choquette. His interest in the law must have started around then because after grad-uating from the University of Florida with his bachelor’s degree, he then got his juris doctorate degree there, and then joined a law firm and started practicing civil litigation. Before long he opened his own law firm. He practiced law for 25 years. He was so good that Governor Bush appointed him county judge. He was then ap-pointed a circuit judge, again by Gov-ernor Bush. Whenever Tom ran for re-election, he won—without opposition. People admired him and greatly appre-ciated his efforts on the bench so much that no one ran against him. Perhaps the best indication of his ability as a judge and the affection of those with whom he served was his unanimous election by 68 of his judge colleagues to chief judge 3 times. During Tom’s service as chief judge, he discovered that with his election came a number of problems—Tom probably called them challenges—that came packaged together with his new duties. He had to deal with cuts to the court budget. He had to deal with a mortgage foreclosure crisis. He had to deal with a number of other issues. He was also working with a system that relied on old and outdated tech-nologies, to name just a few of the matters that required his attention as chief judge. Probably the biggest problem was the shortage of funds to run the courts. Things were so bad that it looked as if drastic measures would have to be taken to keep the courts up and run-ning. He came up with an option to ob-tain a loan from the Governor and the legislature. Without it, there would have been severe cuts, furloughs, and much more. He received a great recep-tion when he shared the details of the problem with those who would be most affected—the judges and their staff. They appreciated his blunt assessment of how bad things were, as Tom put it, ‘‘not because of what I had to say, but because I would even come and tell them.’’ Tom is a straight shooter, and he knew that the best antidote for the im-pact of bad news was not to sugar coat it but to tell ‘‘the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.’’ It also helped that Tom had established a reputation over the years for being a gentle man and a gentleman, and his honesty, sincerity, good humor, and concern for his colleagues and staffers earned him a lot of good will. Now that Tom has decided to retire and sit back, he will have more time to share with his family and friends. I know they will enjoy being with him and having more time to share with him, especially his grandchildren, who will love having ‘‘Papa’’ around a little more often. In the end, that is what it is all about—time. Time for faith, family, and friends. Time is the most valuable and precious asset we have, and how we choose to spend it and the quality of those activities that consume most of our time say a lot about the quality of our lives. I once heard about a guy who trav-eled around the world doing research on what people were thinking as they grew older. There were a lot of inter-esting thoughts they shared, but one of the most frequent comments was about spending more time with family. No one said: I wish I had spent more time at work. So, as the old film title says so well, Tom has already had a wonderful life, with so much more to come. He has made the most of every moment and every day. Mary, his sweetheart from his high school days, is still by his side, retired from her days as a school-teacher. Now they will spend time en-joying all that life has to offer. Tom and Mary both truly earned it. Congratulations, Tom McGrady. You have been a great judge, and you made a difference in more lives than you will ever know. We can all learn a lot from you and the way you have lived your life. God bless you and Mary. 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH MEDICINE CROW  
Mr. President, I rise to share the news with the Senate that Joseph Med-icine Crow, a Crow war chief and Amer-ican hero, has passed away. If you look in today’s Washington Post you will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.020 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1660 April 5, 2016 
see something unusual—somebody from the West passing away and get-ting a major mention in the paper. Joe Medicine Crow did that, and he earned it in his 102 years. I know it meant a lot to the students of Western and American history to see the attention he has received, as numerous publica-tions have written about him and his life and his countless contributions to the Crow people and to our Nation. If you have a chance to read the trib-utes to Joe Medicine Crow—and I hope you do—you will fully understand what an amazing individual he was. A histo-rian for his people and an important part of American life, he accomplished more in his life than I could ever de-scribe in these remarks. As I read the articles that were so well researched, they reminded me of meeting and getting to know him when he was on the board of All American Indian Days. That was a gathering that would draw tribal members from all over the United States to Sheridan, WY. They would come to share their history, their culture, their traditions, their sports, their dances, and their arts and crafts. I know that gathering meant a lot to him because one of his top priorities in his life was to ensure that the legacy of the Crow and all tribes would never be forgotten and that their way of life would be passed down from generation to generation. In an effort to bring us all together as one and overcome the racial divides that separate us, a man named F.H. Sinclair—a columnist for the Sheridan Press who was known by his nickname of ‘‘Neckyoke Jones’’—came up with the idea of gathering all the tribes to-gether in Sheridan, WY, to dem-onstrate these talents and abilities. I grew up there, and I was fascinated by the event. As you can imagine, it took a substantial amount of money to or-ganize and plan the event each year, but it paid big dividends for those who were able to attend and all those who heard about it. It was a source of great pride for us all to have this time when we would come together and celebrate the culture of the tribes and the indi-viduals who were so near to us. It pro-vided the kind of exposure and inter-action that is so necessary to bring people together and overcome preju-dice and bias. I could see the difference the gathering made and the impact it had on those who attended. Events like that and the opportunity they provide help us to get to know people who come from different cul-tures and backgrounds and help us to understand and appreciate each other. They remove the boundaries that are created by fear and a lack of under-standing. They foster and increase the feeling of community that makes our cities and towns better places to live. I remember how Joe served on that board and helped with the Miss Indian American Pageant that was part of All American Indian Days. It was a com-petition of young women who were cho-sen by their tribes based on their knowledge of their tribal culture, their history, and their traditional dress. My mother, Dorothy Enzi, worked with Joe Medicine Crow and Suzie Yellowtail on the particulars that needed to be worked out to put on the pageant. My mother would then chap-erone the winner to events during the year. Joe Medicine Crow had a great affec-tion for Wyoming and a love of our land that was never surpassed. In addi-tion to the Crow, Joe Medicine Crow was well known to the Wyoming Arapahos and Shoshones. In so many ways, Joe Medicine Crow was an am-bassador for his tribe and his way of life. He was an inspiration to us all. Joe Medicine Crow referred to his life as living in two worlds. In one, he worked with the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs for 32 years. Then he returned and fit right back into the other and the culture that surrounded him. It didn’t bother him that his life was divided into two worlds. In fact, he said he en-joyed them both. The tributes to him and the way he lived his life have already started com-ing in from those who knew him, his family, and his friends. He was a mili-tary hero, having served in the Army in World War II. He was not only a stu-dent of history, he was a historian who helped to preserve the stories and the culture of the Crow. He also had a great respect for all the traditions of his people. I will always find a sense of pride and inspiration in the words he used to de-scribe Wyoming. He said that although sage can be found in so many places in the West, the most sacred sage had to be collected on the tribal lands in Wyo-ming. Joe Medicine Crow was given 102 years of life, and he made the most of every day. He has a record of which we can be very proud. That is why I hope you will seek out the stories about him that made him such an important part of our history. In 2009 President Barack Obama pre-sented him with the highest honor awarded to a civilian, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I know it must have meant a great deal to him to be so rec-ognized—not for himself but for what he knew it would mean to current and future generations. Now he has passed on from this life and left behind more accomplishments and achievements than we could pos-sibly imagine. His life was like that— 102 years of making a difference every day, a difference that will always be re-membered and never be forgotten. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
CONGRATULATING THE VILLANOVA WILDCATS ON  
WINNING THE 2016 NCAA MEN ’S COLLEGE BAS -
KETBALL CHAMPIONSHIP  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I intend to address an amendment to the FAA authorization bill that Senator C
ASEY  and I are offering. But before I do that, I wish to take a quick moment to cele-brate an amazing basketball game last night and an amazing victory for an amazing team, the Villanova Wildcats. It just made everyone in Pennsylvania so proud. They have had a fantastic season, a fantastic tournament, and last night I think we witnessed one of the greatest college basketball games ever. I know that is saying an awful lot. There have been a lot of college bas-ketball games, but the game was unbe-lievable. We had two fantastic teams, extremely well matched, extremely talented, very well coached on both teams, and they just played phenome-nally. I don’t know how many times the lead changed. I don’t think it ever got more than 10 points away from ei-ther team. It was just so much fun to watch, all the way through. I think Jay Wright has proven once again what a magnificent coach he is. The kids who played demonstrated just amazing teamwork and talent, and all of the attributes we want to see in col-lege athletics we saw on display last night. I can’t say enough about the Univer-sity of North Carolina. What a great team they are. They played with so much heart and they played so well. I think we are going to watch the end of that game—the final 5 seconds of that game—for a long time to come. I will say when Marcus Paige took that shot, it looked to me like he was 20 feet behind the three-point line. He had almost been knocked over. He was airborne in a very odd and awkward po-sition because he had just dodged an-other player. He got the shot off, and somehow it dropped. They tied the game, and there were 4.7 seconds left. At that point, I thought: Well, I am in for a late night because this is going to be the first of overtimes since it is tied with only 4.7 seconds left, but that was not the way it ended, as we know. The Wildcats had a plan and they executed it brilliantly with a great play to move the ball up the court quickly, to get it to Kris Jenkins, who put up a long three-point shot, and released it just before the buzzer went off. The buzzer went off while the ball was sailing through the air, sunk the basket, and won the game with no time left. It was the most dramatic and exciting finish to a basketball game that I can recall. I want to take this moment to con-gratulate the Villanova Wildcats on an outstanding season, tournament, and game last night. Congratulations to our new national champions. Mr. President, now let me turn my attention to the amendment I alluded to; that is, an amendment to the FAA reauthorization bill. Senator CASEY  and I are going to offer as an amend-ment the legislation we have intro-duced as a freestanding bill, and that is the Saracini Aviation Safety Act of 2016. I thank Senator C
ASEY for the very good work he has done on this issue for some time. Let me give a little bit of background on the amendment, which is based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.037 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1661 April 5, 2016 
the legislation that is named after Vic-tor Saracini. Victor Saracini was a Bucks County, PA, native. He was a Navy pilot. After he left the Navy, he became a commercial airline pilot. He was a captain. He was the captain of United Flight 175 which, as my col-leagues will recall, was one of the planes that was captured by terrorists on 9/11. The fact is, Captain Saracini was murdered by the terrorists when they stormed the cockpit, took control of the plane, killed Victor Saracini, and then flew the plane into the World Trade Center. Victor Saracini left behind his wife Ellen, who is with us today in the Sen-ate. She has been a very forceful and effective advocate for greater safety on board our commercial planes. Victor also left behind two daughters, Kirsten and Brielle. The amendment does something very simple. It requires a secondary barrier to the cockpit on commercial aircraft. That is all. That will prevent unau-thorized individuals from getting into the cockpit. It is as simple as that. It is a simple, lightweight, inexpensive technology, readily available. It is ac-tually made from a wire mesh, and it provides a barrier between the pas-senger cabin and the cockpit door. It would only be engaged when the cock-pit door is open. So why is this necessary? It is nec-essary because it is still entirely pos-sible for terrorists to hijack commer-cial aircraft. Back in 2001, after 9/11, Congress took a step to make commercial aircraft cockpits more secure. They mandated the installation of reinforced doors, and these reinforced doors are much stronger than the doors that used to exist. It is very difficult—almost im-possible—to breach those doors when they are closed, but the threat remains because on every long flight and on many short flights the doors are open. At some point during the course of the flight, pilots often get up and they get out of the cockpit. They have to go to the restroom or they go to get some food or a flight attendant goes in to check on the pilots or to bring them something they want. That moment when that door is opened, that door is no longer a barrier. Therein lies the danger. There is the moment of oppor-tunity for terrorists. The FAA fully acknowledges the seri-ous nature of this risk. In April of 2015, an FAA advisory said the following: 
On long flights, as a matter of necessity, crewmembers must open the flight deck door to access lavatory facilities, to transfer meals to flightcrew members, or to switch crew positions for crew rest purposes. The opening and closing of the flight deck door (referred to as ‘‘door transition’’), reduces the protective anti-intrusion/anti-penetra-tion benefits of the reinforced door. . . . Dur-ing this door transition, the flight deck is vulnerable. 
Of course, it is not only the FAA that was able to figure this out. The terror-ists understand this as well. The 9/11 Commission report said this: Ali Sheikh Mohammed told them— 
And the ‘‘them’’ in this case refers to the terrorists he was instructing. 
Ali Sheikh Mohammed told them to watch the cabin doors at takeoff and landing to ob-serve whether the captain went to the lava-tory during the flight and to note whether the flight attendants brought food into the cockpit. 
I continue to quote: 
The best time to storm the cockpit would be about 10 to 15 minutes after takeoff when the cockpit doors typically were opened for the first time. Furthermore— 
States the 9/11 Commission report— 
they had no firm contingency plans— 
‘‘They’’ being the terrorists— 
in case the cockpit door was locked. They were confident the cockpit doors would be opened and did not consider breaking them down a viable idea. 
Since then, we have made the doors even more durable. It would be even more difficult to actually break down the door or otherwise open a closed door. The problem is when the door is open. This is not just a theoretical risk. Since 9/11, there have been at least 51 attempts at cockpit breaches world-wide. Five attempts have been success-ful. One successful attempt occurred in 2006 on Turkish Airlines Flight 1476. Terrorists were successful in entering the cockpit after a flight attendant opened the door to ask the pilots if they needed anything. So it seems to me unacceptable, when we have a readily available solu-tion, to continue to take this risk. It is just common sense to install secondary barriers on commercial planes. These are inexpensive, several thousand dol-lars to install. They are lightweight and easy to use and very compact when they are not engaged. The only people who would be inconvenienced by these secondary barriers would be terrorists. Had the secondary barriers, these kinds of barriers, been installed on 9/11, it would have made the job very difficult for the terrorists to ever get into the cockpit. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I think this is a sensible amendment. The substance of this has been approved in the House. We ought to pass it on the Senate floor and pass this FAA reauthorization underlying bill. If we do that, in time, our skies will be that much safer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa 
PROPER ROLE OF A SUPREME COURT JUSTICE  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, a sig-nificant number of Americans believe the Supreme Court is highly politi-cized. Its approval rating has fallen over the years, not surprisingly. Its ap-proval rating has dropped most dras-tically in recent years following the President’s appointment of Justices Sotomayor and Kagan. There are four Justices who vote in a liberal way in effectively every case the public follows. There are two Jus-tices who stick to the constitutional text and who vote in a consistently conservative way. One Justice votes mostly, but not always, in a conserv-ative way, and one Justice votes some-times with the conservatives and some-times with the liberals. All of the liberals were appointed by Democrats, the conservatives and swing Justices were appointed by a Re-publican President, but in a speech shortly before Justice Scalia’s death, Chief Justice Roberts maintained that the public wrongly thinks Justices view themselves as Republicans or as Democrats. Of course, it is irrelevant to the public how the Justices view themselves. What is troubling is that a large segment of the population views the Justices as political. It is appropriate and instructive, then, to ask why the public takes this view and whether that view is war-ranted. I believe the public’s percep-tion is at least sometimes very war-ranted. The Chief Justice ruled out that this perception has anything to do with what the Justices themselves have done. Instead, he attributes it to the Senate confirmation process. As he sees it, Senators ‘‘frequently ask us questions they know it would be inap-propriate for us to answer. Thankfully, we don’t answer the questions.’’ The Chief Justice also stated: When you have a sharply divided political divisive hearing process, it increases the danger that whoever comes out of it will be viewed in those terms. You know, if the Democrats and Republicans have been fight-ing so fiercely about whether you’re going to be confirmed, it’s natural for some members of the public to think, well, you must be identified in a particular way as a result of that process. 
On the one hand, the Chief Justice identified precisely why it would be bad for the Court and the nominee to move forward in the middle of a hotly contested Presidential election cam-paign. As you have heard this Senator say, it would be all politics and no Con-stitution. Of course, that was the thrust of another Senator a few years back—Chairman B
IDEN’s argument in 1992. But in another respect, the Chief Justice has it exactly backwards. The confirmation process doesn’t make the Justices appear political. The con-firmation process has gotten political precisely because the Court itself has drifted from the constitutional text and rendered decisions based instead on policy preferences. In short, the Jus-tices themselves have gotten political, and because the Justices’ decisions are often political and transgress their constitutional role, the process be-comes more political. In fact, many of my constituents be-lieve, with all due respect, that the Chief Justice is part of this problem. They believe that a number of his votes have reflected political considerations, not legal ones. Certainly, there are academics who agree. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.038 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1662 April 5, 2016 
In a recent New York Times article, academics appealed to the Chief Jus-tice’s political side. These academics asked him to intervene in the current Supreme Court vacancy, suggesting that it could be a so-called John Mar-shall moment for Chief Justice Rob-erts. That is a political temptation that the Chief Justice should resist. I can’t think of anything any current Justice could do to further damage re-spect for the Court at this moment than to interject themselves into what Chairman B
IDEN called the political ‘‘cauldron’’ of an election year Su-preme Court vacancy. In a recent speech, the Chief Justice said: ‘‘We’re interpreting the law, not imposing our views.’’ He further stated: ‘‘If people don’t like the explanation, or don’t think it holds together, you know, then they’re justified, I think, in viewing us as hav-ing transgressed the limits of our role.’’ Again, with all due respect to the Chief Justice, tens of millions of Amer-icans believe, correctly, that the Su-preme Court has transgressed the lim-its of its role. Tens of millions of Americans believe, correctly, that too many of the Justices are imposing their views and not interpreting the law. That is the major reason why we should have a debate about the proper role of a Supreme Court Justice. We need to debate whether our current Justices are adhering to their constitu-tional role. As the Chief Justice remarked, al-though many of the Supreme Court’s decisions are unanimous or nearly so, the Justices tend to disagree on what the Chief Justice called, in his words, the ‘‘hot button issues.’’ We all know what kinds of cases he has in mind when he talks about ‘‘hot button issues’’—freedom of religion, abortion, affirmative action, gun control, free speech, and the death penalty. One can probably name a lot of others. The Chief Justice was very revealing when he acknowledged that the lesser known cases are often unanimous, and the hot button cases are frequently 5 to 4. But why is that? The law is no more or less likely to be clear in a hot button case than an-other case. For those Justices com-mitted to the rule of law, it shouldn’t be any harder to keep personal pref-erences out of a politically charged case than any other case. In some cases, the Justices are all willing to follow the law, but in others where they are deeply invested in the policy implications of the ruling, those cases tend to turn out 5 to 4. The expla-nation of these 5-to-4 rulings must be that in hot button cases some of the Justices are deciding based on their po-litical preferences and not—as they should be—on the law. But if hot but-ton cases are being decided by politi-cians in robes, then the Supreme Court has no more of a right than the voters to be the final word. The Chief Justice regrets that the American people believe the Court is no different from the political branches of government. But again, and with re-spect, I think he is concerned with the wrong problem. He would be well- served to address the reality—not the perception—that too often there is lit-tle difference between the actions of the Court and the actions of the polit-ical branches. So, Physician, heal thy-self. In case after 5-to-4 case, the Jus-tices who the Democrats appointed vote for liberal policy results. This can’t be a coincidence. Demo-cratic Presidents know what they want when they nominate Justices—Justices who will reach politically liberal re-sults regardless of what the law re-quires. This, of course, is what our cur-rent President means when he says that he wants Justices to look to their ‘‘heart’’ to decide the really hard cases. That is an unambiguous invitation for Justices to decide the hot button cases based on personal policy preferences. That, of course, isn’t the law, and it is not the appropriate role for the Court. It is no wonder, then, that the public believes the Court is political. What Democratic Presidents want in this regard is what they get—even be-fore Justice Scalia’s death. Leading scholars found this Supreme Court to be the most liberal since the 1960s. Jus-tices appointed by Republicans are gen-erally committed to following the law. There are Justices who frequently vote in a conservative way. But some of the Justices appointed even by Republicans often don’t vote in a way that advances conservative policy. Contrary to what the Chief Justice suggested, a major reason the con-firmation process has become more di-visive is that some of the Justices are voting too often based on politics and not on law. If they are going to be po-litical actors after they are confirmed, then the confirmation process nec-essarily is going to reflect that dy-namic. For instance, just last week, after one of my Democratic colleagues met with Judge Garland, the Senator said after discussing issues like reproduc-tive rights: ‘‘I actually feel quite con-fident that he is deserving of my sup-port.’’ Obviously, I don’t know what they discussed during that meeting or what Judge Garland said about reproductive rights, and, to be clear, I am not sug-gesting anything inappropriate was discussed. My point is this: If Justices stuck to the constitutional text and didn’t base decisions on their own pol-icy preferences or what the President asked, based on what is in their heart or on empathy for a particular litigant, then Senators wouldn’t deem it nec-essary to understand whether the nominee supports reproductive rights or not. With this in mind, is it any wonder that the public believes the Court is political? If we want the confirmation process to be less divisive, if we want the pub-lic to have more confidence that the Justices haven’t exceeded their con-stitutional role, then the Justices themselves need to demonstrate that in politically sensitive cases their deci-sions are based on the Constitution and the law and not on political preferences or what comes from the heart or be-cause of some empathy. So here is where we are about the public perception of the Court being political. When the Justices return to their appropriate role of deciding cases based on the facts and the law, public perception of the Court will take care of itself. I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Madam President, sec-tion 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior notification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipulates that, in the Senate, the noti-fication of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–23, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Australia for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.040 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1663 April 5, 2016 
defense articles and services estimated to cost $386 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (for J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–23 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Australia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $172 million. Other $214 million. Total $386 million. (iii) Description and Quaulity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to 2,950 GBU–39/B Small Diameter Bomb I (SDB I). Up to 50 Guided Test Vehicles (GTV) with GBU–39 (T–1)/B (Inert Fuze). Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: containers, weapons system support equipment, support and test equipment, site survey, transportation, re-pair and return warranties, spare and repair parts, publications and technical data, main-tenance, personnel training, and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representative engineering, logistics, and technical support services, and other related elements of logistics support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (YAF). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 4, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Australia—GBU–39 (Small Diameter Bomb Increment I) The Government of Australia has re-quested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to 2,950 GBU–39/B Small Diameter Bomb I (SDB I). Up to 50 Guided Test Vehicles (GTV) with GBU–39 (T–1 )/B (Inert Fuze). This request also includes the following Non-MDE: containers, weapons system sup-port equipment, support and test equipment, site survey, transportation, repair and re-turn warranties, spare and repair parts, pub-lications and technical data, maintenance, personnel training, and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representa-tive engineering, logistics, and technical support services, and other related elements of logistics support. The total estimated value of MDE is $172 million. The total overall estimated value is $386 million. Australia is one of our most important al-lies in the Western Pacific. The strategic lo-cation of this political and economic power contributes significantly to ensuring peace and economic stability in the region. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a major contributor to political stability, se-curity, and economic development in the Pa-cific region and globally. The sale of SDB I supports and com-plements the on-going sale of the F–35 to the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). This ca-pability will strengthen combined operations and increase interoperability between the U.S. Air Force and the RAAF. Australia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor for production is Boeing in St. Louis, Missouri. The principal contractor for integration is unknown and will be determined during contract negotia-tions. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. or contractor representatives to Aus-tralia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–23 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. Sensitive and/or classified (up to SE-CRET) elements of the proposed acquisition include hardware, accessories, components, and associated software: GBU–39/B Small Di-ameter Bomb Increment I (SDB I). Addi-tional sensitive areas include operating manuals and maintenance technical orders containing performance information, oper-ating and test procedures, and other infor-mation related to the support operations and repair. The hardware, software, and data identified are classified to protect vulnerabilities, design and performance pa-rameters, and other similar critical informa-tion. 2. The GBU–39/B Small Diameter Bomb In-crement T (SDB I) is a 250-pound class weap-on designed as a small, all-weather, autono-mous, conventional, air-to-ground, precision glide weapon able to strike fixed and sta-tionary re-locatable targets from standoff range. The SDB I weapon system consists of the weapons, the BRU–61/A (4-place pneu-matic carriage system), shipping and han-dling containers for a single weapon and the BRU–61/A either empty or loaded, and a weapon planning module. It has integrated diamond-back type wings that deploy after releases, which increases the glide time and therefore maximum range. The SDB I Anti- Jam Global Positioning System aided Iner-tial Navigation System (AJGPS/INS) pro-vides guidance to the coordinates of a sta-tionary target. The payload/warhead is a very effective multipurpose penetrating and blast fragmentation warhead coupled with a cockpit selectable electronic fuze. Its size and accuracy allow for an effective munition with less collateral damage. A proximity sensor provides height of burst capability. 3. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology associated with this sys-tem as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Aus-tralia. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(5)(A) of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), as amended, we are forwarding Transmittal No. 0J–16. This notification relates to enhance-ments or upgrades from the level of sensi-tivity of technology or capability described in the Section 36(b)(1) AECA certification 15– 62 of 19 November 2015. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (for J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 0J–16 Report of Enhancement or Upgrade of Sensi-tivity of Technology or Capability (Sec. 36(b)(5)(A), AECA) i. Purchaser: Government of Japan. ii. Sec. 36(b)(1), AECA Transmittal No.: 15– 62; Date: 19 November 2015; Military Depart-ment: Air Force. iii. Description: On 19 November 2015, Con-gress was notified by Congressional certifi-cation transmittal number 15–62, of the pos-sible sale under Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act of three (3) RQ–4 Block 30 (I) Global Hawk Remotely Piloted Aircraft (RPA), each with Enhanced Integrated Sen-sor Suite (EISS), eight (8) Kearfott Inertial Navigation System/Global Positioning Sys-tem (INS/GPS) units (2 per aircraft with 2 spares), and eight (8) LN–251 INS/GPS units (2 per aircraft with 2 spares). Also included with this request are operational-level sen-sor and aircraft test equipment, ground sup-port equipment, operational flight test sup-port, communications equipment, spare and repair parts, personnel training, publications and technical data, U.S. Government and contractor technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logis-tics support. The total value of this sale is $1.2 billion. Major Defense Equipment (MDE) constitutes $689 million of this sale. This transmittal reports the inclusion of two Ground Control Elements (GCE). The GCEs were not enumerated as MDE in the original notification of the Global Hawk RPA system. Inclusion of this equipment as MDE will increase the MDE cost by $31 mil-lion, resulting in a revised MDE cost of $720 million. The total case value will remain $1.2 billion. iv. Significance: This notification is being provided as the GCEs were not enumerated as MDE in the original notification. Their inclusion does not necessarily represent an increase in capability over what was noti-fied, but properly identifies the equipment required for Global Hawk operations. This equipment provides the Japan Air Self-De-fense Force (JASDF) a ground control sta-tion from which to fly and execute Global Hawk surveillance missions. Overall, these systems meet the requirements of providing the JASDF with the ability to conduct high- altitude surveillance and reconnaissance without exposing JASDF personnel to the dangers inherent to high-altitude ISR oper-ations. v. Justification: This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy goals and national security objectives of the United States by meeting the security and defense needs of an ally and partner nation. Japan continues to be an important force for peace, political stability, and economic progress in East Asia and the Western Pacific. The pro-posed sale of the RQ–4 will significantly en-hance Japan’s intelligence, surveillance, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.025 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1664 April 5, 2016 
reconnaissance (ISR) capabilities and help ensure that Japan is able to continue to monitor and deter regional threats. The JASDF will have no difficulty absorbing these systems into its armed forces. vi. Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 4, 2016. f 
JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I rise today to honor the 100th anniver-sary of the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, JROTC. On June 3, 1916, Congress passed the National De-fense Act, establishing the JROTC. This program teaches students the val-ues of our Armed Forces through train-ing and classroom instruction with military personnel. This influential program encourages leadership, fortitude, and personal re-sponsibility. The JROTC has experi-enced a long history of success, and millions of high school students have completed the program since its incep-tion. Not only do these students learn military history and customs, but par-ticipants gain a deeper understanding of civic engagement, community serv-ice, and the importance of character building. Out of the many high school students who participate in JROTC each year, 30 to 50 percent go on to serve in the U.S. military later in life. The program also connects high school students with universities that offer the Reserve Offi-cer Training Corps program and helps many students who may have not oth-erwise earned a college degree. I would also like to recognize the 35 schools in Colorado that offer the JROTC program. In Colorado, there are 2 Marine Corps JROTC units, 8 Air Force JROTC units, 4 Navy units, and 21 Army units. I am proud of the ac-complishments of the JROTC students, and I know they have a bright future ahead of them. Please join me in honoring Adams City High School, Northridge High School, Aurora Central High School, Westminster High School, Harrison High School, William Mitchell High School, Air Academy High School, Skyview Academy, Glenwood Springs High School, Doherty High School, Montrose High School, Mesa Ridge High School, Widefield High School, Pueblo County High School, Pueblo East High School, North High School, Abraham Lincoln High School, Denver South High School, Manual High School, Loveland High School, Thomas Jefferson High School, Pueblo West High School, Centennial High School, Central High School, Pueblo South High School, Delta High School, Cen-tral High School—Pueblo, Montebello Senior High School, West High School, George Washington High School, John F. Kennedy High School, Fountain Fort Carson High School, East High School, and Canon City High School. REMEMBERING GARY M. ORLANDO, SR. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, today I wish to honor the life of Mr. Gary M. Orlando, Sr. Mr. Gary Orlando passed away on Sunday, October 25, at the Erie VA Medical Center. A tireless and longtime advocate for veterans, Gary sat on the board of directors for the Paralyzed Veterans of America, PVA. He was also a member of the Dis-abled American Veterans, DAV. Gary was an Erie, PA, native, born on November 8, 1951. He served with the U.S. Army during the Vietnam war as a door gunner on a helicopter. While serving in Vietnam, he survived being shot down and was awarded the Army Commendation Medal, two Good Con-duct Medals, and the National Defense Service Medal. Following his service with the Army, Gary worked for the U.S. Postal Serv-ice in Erie. In his free time, he enjoyed hunting, volunteering, and partici-pating in the Wheelchair Games. He was also an avid fan of the Erie Otters Hockey Club. Gary was a relentless ad-vocate for our veterans, a friendly face, and a supporter for countless veterans in the Erie area. Gary is survived by two sons, two grandchildren, one great-grand-daughter, one brother, one brother-in- law, and several nieces and nephews. He was laid to rest in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, an honor he richly de-served. On behalf of the U.S. Senate, I wish to express my thanks for Mr. Orlando’s steadfast service to our Nation and his commitment to our veterans. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO WALTER EVANS ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, today I wish to recognize Walter Evans, a 14-year-old native Montanan and member of the Boy Scouts of America, troop 214, for his service to his community. Walter’s Court of Honor is scheduled for April 12, 2016, where he will earn the Eagle Scout Award. His Eagle Scout project was a trail building project for the Prickly Pear Land Trust in the South Hills of Helena. Walter’s project alone involved 230 volunteer hours and provided for the creation of a beautiful new trail used by mountain bikers, hikers, and dog walkers. Walter is an excellent leader and al-ways keeps a great attitude. Doug Wheeler, scoutmaster to Troop 214 stated, ‘‘Walter is a great example of a Boy Scout in his character attributes. Of particular note are his compassion, enthusiasm to serve others, and polite manner. These attributes, as well as his other traits, will help him do great things in his life.’’ Walter, thank you for your service to Montana at such an early age. We look forward to seeing your future suc-cesses.∑ REMEMBERING GILBERT HORN, SR. ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, today I wish to honor Gilbert Horn, Sr., an Assiniboine Tribal member and Montanan who exemplified leadership throughout his life. He passed away on March 27, at the age of 92. Gilbert Horn was born May 23, 1923, on the Fort Belknap Indian reservation in Montana. He was an Assiniboine chief, decorated war hero, WWII com-bat veteran, and code talker. In 1940 he entered the U.S. Army at the young age of 17. He was a member of the 163rd Infantry Battalion. Chief Horn received training in communication and encryption. He then volunteered to be a code talker using his native Assini-boine Tribe language to disguise U.S. military communications against the Japanese. He volunteered for the Merrill’s Ma-rauders, a deep penetration unit com-manded by MG Frank Merrill. They spent 5 months of field operations in Burma and western China and com-pleted an 800-mile journey across the Himalaya Mountains in order to cut Japanese communications and supply lines. Chief Horn survived the journey with chest, back, and jaw wounds. He was honorably discharged, having re-ceived the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. After returning to the Fort Belknap Indian reservation he served as chair-man and council member of the Fort Belknap Community Council. He was awarded an honorary doctorate in hu-manitarian services from MSU North-ern in 2013. Then in 2014 he had the honor of being named the honorary chief of the Fort Belknap Assiniboine Tribe, a title that had not been award-ed since the 1890s. I extend my condolences to his fam-ily and to the entire Fort Belknap In-dian community. We have lost a true American and a great Montanan. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ARKANSAS POST NATIONAL MEMORIAL AND PARK ∑Mr. COTTON. Madam President, in honor of the National Parks Service’s 100th birthday year, I want to recog-nize Arkansas Post National Memorial and Park. Arkansas Post was estab-lished as a trading post by Henri De Tonti in 1686 and was the first perma-nent European settlement in the lower Mississippi River valley. While the exact location moved several times, the area remained a vital trade center for much of the 17th and 18th centuries. The land was eventually ceded to Spain, who controlled the post for over 40 years. While under Spanish control, Arkansas Post was home to the Battle of Arkansas Post, a Revolutionary War battle between Spanish and British forces fought on April 17, 1783. Also known as the Colbert Raid, this battle was the only Revolutionary War battle to take place in what is today the State of Arkansas. Arkansas Post was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.028 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1665 April 5, 2016 
briefly ceded back to the French before it was sold to the U.S. Government during the Louisiana Purchase. Today Arkansas Post National Me-morial and Park is located in Arkansas County, AR. It was designated a Na-tional Memorial and National Historic Landmark in 1960 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966. The National Park Service man-ages over 650 acres of park land at the site, and there is a State-managed visi-tors center and museum featuring dis-play of Arkansas Post’s rich history. Arkansas Post is a must-visit for any Arkansan looking to get out and enjoy the rich history of our State—espe-cially those interested in the Revolu-tionary War. I would like to thank the National Park Service for its commit-ment to maintaining this important part of Arkansas history.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING HILLIARD FLETCHER ∑Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, today I wish to honor the life of my friend Hilliard Fletcher of Tuscaloosa, AL, who passed away on March 13, 2016. He will be remembered as a skilled businessman, a devoted public servant, and a man who deeply cared about the city of Tuscaloosa. A native of Mobile, Hilliard grad-uated from the University of Alabama in 1957. He went on to serve our coun-try as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps and served for 14 years in the Re-serves, retiring with the rank of major. Hilliard was the president of Duckworth-Morris Insurance Company and also served with distinction four terms as finance and waterworks com-missioner on the Tuscaloosa City Com-mission. During those 16 years, he played an instrumental role in the cre-ation of the mayor-council model of municipal government that we know today. He was also influential in the ef-forts that led to Congress passing the Lake Tuscaloosa Protection Act, which prevented the Federal Government from installing a hydroelectric power-plant on Lake Tuscaloosa’s dam in 1970. In addition to his many years of serv-ice to the city of Tuscaloosa, Hilliard was a true leader in his community— serving on numerous boards and work-ing with various charitable and busi-ness organizations. He served on the board of directors of First Alabama Bank, was the president of the United Way of West Alabama, and was presi-dent and director of the Exchange Club of Tuscaloosa. He also served as a board member and officer of the Cham-ber of Commerce of West Alabama, was a member of the board of directors and membership chairman of the YMCA of Tuscaloosa, and was the Chairman of the Heart Fund Drive. Hilliard was on the DCH Foundation Board, was direc-tor of the Alabama League of Munici-palities, and was a deacon of First Presbyterian Church of Tuscaloosa. Hilliard’s many accomplishments, as well as his contributions to the city of Tuscaloosa and West Alabama, will not be soon forgotten. Tuscaloosa named the city’s wastewater treatment plant after him in 1998. The Community Foundation of West Alabama named him a ‘‘Pillar of West Alabama’’ in 2010 for his dedicated efforts and service to the area. The city of Tuscaloosa and the State of Alabama were fortunate to have a leader and a great man like Hilliard Fletcher, and he will be sorely missed. I offer my deepest condolences to his wife, Betty; his daughter, Beth Lubin; and his sons, Douglas and Curtis, as they celebrate his many life accom-plishments and mourn this great loss. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MANSOUR KARIM ∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I recognize Mansour Karim of Pierre, SD. Mr. Karim’s life story is inspiring, and his contributions to his commu-nity and the State of South Dakota are worthy of commendation. Born and raised in Tehran, Iran, to a poor family, Mr. Karim dreamed of moving to the United States to pursue his higher education. That dream be-came a reality in November of 1950, when Mr. Karim arrived at the Port of New York and New Jersey with a lim-ited English vocabulary and only $27 in his pocket. He had originally planned to attend the University of Michigan, but was worried that the growing Ira-nian immigrant population there would keep him from being immersed in the culture of the United States. He de-cided to study at Huron College in Huron, SD. Mr. Karim’s journey to South Dakota was challenged by the barriers of an unfamiliar nation, but he had his faith and was often helped by strangers along the way. He studied at Huron College for a year before transferring to South Dakota State College, now known as South Dakota State Univer-sity, from which he graduated in 1955 with a degree in civil engineering. He would later receive his master’s degree in engineering from the same school. Mr. Karim served 35 years with the South Dakota Department of Transpor-tation in South Dakota’s capital city of Pierre. Though a dedicated civil servant, he found his passion doing something he never could have done in his home country of Iran. He invested in rental properties, starting modestly. Eventually, through hard work, wise investment, and trust-ed relationships, he achieved great suc-cess in providing affordable, quality rentals for residents in the Pierre area. Mr. Karim did not do this alone. His wife, Ruth, provided support to the en-terprise as the two of them raised their seven children. Ruth Karim cofounded South Dakota Right to Life and served as its execu-tive director for 19 years. Prior to Ruth passing away in 2013, Mr. Karim worked with the Saint Mary’s Founda-tion in Pierre to set up the Ruth Karim Endowment that would help nursing students who value protecting the sanctity of life and fund their edu-cation at Ruth’s alma mater, the Uni-versity of South Dakota. When looking back on his life, Mr. Karim is quick to recognize those who helped him move to South Dakota. He also remembers how, as a young child, he gave a beggar a penny, though he wished he had been able to give more. That giving nature has continued throughout his life, with Mr. Karim having given more than $2 million to charities throughout South Dakota, with a focus on education and chil-dren’s needs. He created the Mansour and Ruth Karim Scholarship Endow-ment in 2004 at South Dakota State University. Due to these charitable contributions Mr. Karim has been the recipient of many awards, including being named Pierre’s Outstanding Phi-lanthropist of the Year in 2011. I, like the residents of Pierre and others across South Dakota, have had the pleasure of knowing Mr. Karim. His passion for the United States and the freedoms it affords and his genuine care for his community is contagious. In conversations, Mr. Karim will often say that his experience could only be possible in the United States. His story is another real-life example of the American dream as reality and what makes our Nation great, to succeed and to give back, so that others may suc-ceed. It is for these reasons that I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to Mr. Karim for his generous philan-thropic work and thank him for mak-ing South Dakota his home.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHUKRI JAMA ∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I recognize Shukri Jama, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Shukri is a graduate of South Sioux City High School in South Sioux City, NE. Currently, Shukri is attending the University of South Dakota, where she is majoring in political science and his-tory. Shukri is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Shukri Jama for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADAM KOST ∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I recognize Adam Kost, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Adam is a graduate of Roosevelt High School in Sioux Falls, SD. Currently, Adam is attending Augustana Univer-sity, where he is majoring in govern-ment and international affairs. Adam is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.028 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1666 April 5, 2016 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Adam Kost for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL SNYDER ∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I recognize Michael Snyder, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Michael is a graduate of Sturgis Brown High School in Sturgis, SD. Cur-rently, Michael is attending South Da-kota State University, where he is ma-joring in political science and history. Michael is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Michael Snyder for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH WEDEL ∑Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I recognize Sarah Wedel, an intern in my Washington, DC, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Sarah is a graduate of James Valley Christian School in Huron, SD. Cur-rently, Sarah is currently attending Northwestern College, where she is ma-joring in journalism and history. Sarah is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Sarah Wedel for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BART’S OFFICE MOVING, INC. ∑Mr. VITTER. Madam President, with the recent celebration of International Women’s Day, it is fitting that we rec-ognize hard-working women all around our country and in our local commu-nities. There are inspiring women run-ning small businesses all over our great State, from right out of the swamps of south Louisiana to the big cities. This week I would like to recognize Bart’s Office Moving Company, Inc., of New Orleans, LA, as small business of the week for their commitment to sup-porting the local economy and serving as a shining example for women entre-preneurs across the State. In 1978, with the dream of owning and running their own successful business, Bart and Kathleen Thibodeaux opened Bart’s Office Furniture Repairs in New Orleans, LA. Quickly establishing a reputation for reliability and depend-ability with a can-do attitude, the Thibodeaux’s business flourished, just as the couple began having children and building their family. When Bart suddenly developed a chronic illness, hindering him from working, Kathleen took the reins of the day-to-day oper-ations of running the business, keeping up the principles and quality for which the company has become so well known. Today, Kathleen’s and Bart’s daugh-ters—Ashley, Courtney, Kasie, and Alexie—have joined the family busi-ness and expanded the furniture repair shop to include a full-service office moving and office furniture installa-tion company. Congratulations again to the Thibodeaux family and Bart’s Office Moving for being selected small busi-ness of the week. We look forward to your continued growth and success under the leadership of the Thibodeaux women entrepreneurs.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING DELTA INTERIORS AND GIFTS ∑Mr. VITTER. Madam President, in recent weeks our State has faced disas-trous storms and flooding, but with true Louisiana strength, families and communities are already banding to-gether for the recovery. In that spirit, I would like to recognize Delta Inte-riors and Gifts as small business of the week whose community has rallied to-gether to respond to and recover from the recent storms. In 1976, John and Martha Peters founded Delta Interiors and Gifts in their hometown of Homer in northwest Louisiana with the goal of providing quality interior design services and unique gifts to clients in their commu-nity. Offering additional services in custom drapery and design in their fac-tory in Homer, they produce draperies, hospital curtains, blinds, and other items for hotels and hospitals nation-wide, from Massachusetts to Wash-ington to California to Florida. One of their most well-known projects was providing the interior designs for the historic Waldorf Astoria hotel in New Orleans. Today, the company boasts a state-wide and nationwide clientele, largely due to their commitment to personally measuring, producing, and installing each order that many large corpora-tions sometimes cannot provide. The company has earned a reputation among large hotel brands, enabling Delta Interiors to grow and employ more and more local workers in their manufacturing factory. In the aftermath of a strong upper level storm system that brought dan-gerous thunderstorms and flooding across Louisiana this month, the Peters found themselves in a seemingly impossible situation: their life’s busi-ness was literally underwater. The Homer community came together to help the Peters recover all undamaged products and remove what had been de-stroyed by the rising water. With friends, family, and neighbors coming to their aid, the Peters have been in-spired to pick up the pieces and rebuild their small business. In the next several months, countless businesses like Delta Interiors will put the pieces of their businesses back to-gether again with the help of family, friends, and neighbors. As the Peters family and their team at Delta Inte-riors rebuild after these disastrous storms, I am honored to name Delta In-teriors as small business of the week, and I wish them a quick recovery and many more years of growth and suc-cess.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4752. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Mandipropamid; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9943–00) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4753. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Salicylaldehyde; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9944– 12) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on March 25, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4754. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Single Family Housing Guarantee Loan Program’’ ((7 CFR part 3555) (RIN0575–AD00)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 28, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4755. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the National Organic Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Organic Program (NOP); Sunset 2016 Amendments to the National List’’ ((RIN0581–AD39) (Docket No. AMS–NOP–15– 0052)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4756. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AP6.024 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1667 April 5, 2016 
Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Trade Options’’ (RIN3038–AE26) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 24, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–4757. A communication from the Acting Associate Administrator of the Country of Origin Labeling Division, Agricultural Mar-keting Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Mandatory Country of Origin Labeling Requirements for Beef and Pork Muscle Cuts, Ground Beef, and Ground Pork’’ ((RIN0581–AD29) (Docket No. AMS–LPS–16–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 15, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4758. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines, and Tan-gelos Grown in Florida; Order Amending Marketing Order No. 905’’ (Docket No. AMS– FV–12–0069) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 15, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4759. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Com-modity Credit Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Direct Farm Ownership Microloan; Correction’’ (RIN0560– AI33) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4760. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department of Defense 2016 Major Automated Information System (MAIS) Annual Reports (MARs) and an index of the 34 MARs; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4761. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States of America, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2015 Annual Nuclear Weapons Stockpile Assess-ments from the Secretaries of Defense and Energy, the three national security labora-tory directors, and the Commander, United States Strategic Command (OSS–2016–0396); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4762. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting legislative proposals rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4763. A communication from the Senior Advisor to the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report describing activi-ties under the Secretary of Defense per-sonnel management demonstration project authorities for Department of Defense Science and Technology Reinvention Lab-oratories (STRLs) for calendar year 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4764. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Mark E. Ferguson III, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4765. A communication from the Senior Advisor to the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report of the Na-tional Security Education Program for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–4766. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Clauses with Alternates- Small Business Programs’’ ((RIN0750–AI68) (DFARS Case 2015–D017)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4767. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Buy American and Balance of Payments Program-Clause Prescription’’ ((RIN0750–AI77) (DFARS Case 2015–D037)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4768. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Extension and Modifica-tion of Contract Authority for Advanced Component Development and Prototype Units’’ ((RIN0750–AI62) (DFARS Case 2015– D008)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4769. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Prohibition on Requiring the Use of Fire-resistant Rayon Fiber’’ ((RIN0750–AI85) (DFARS Case 2016–D012)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4770. A communication from the Direc-tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Warranty Tracking of Se-rialized Items’’ ((RIN0750–AI39) (DFARS Case 2014–D026)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 22, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4771. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Logistics and Ma-teriel Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to core depot-level maintenance and repair capability require-ments and sustaining workloads; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4772. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Gregory A. Biscone, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4773. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4774. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Persons and Modification to Entries on the Entity List; and Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AG87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4775. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report of the continuation of the national emergency with respect to sig-nificant malicious cyber-enabled activities that was declared in Executive Order 13694 on April 1, 2015, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4776. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4777. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Public and Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Streamlining Administrative Regulations for Public Hous-ing, Housing Choice Voucher, Multifamily Housing, and Community Planning and De-velopment Programs’’ (RIN2577–AC92) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4778. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Director for Legislative Af-fairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fair Debt Collection Practices Act’’; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4779. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation and Reg-ulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to the HUD Ac-quisition Regulation (HUDAR)’’ (RIN2501– AD73) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4780. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuban Assets Con-trol Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 515) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4781. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuba: Revisions to License Exceptions and Licens-ing Policy’’ (RIN0694–AG86) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4782. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.007 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1668 April 5, 2016 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4783. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 on April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4784. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2016–0002)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4785. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Methane Hydrate Program’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4786. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Outer Conti-nental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Pro-posed Program 2017–2022’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–4787. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Exemption of Certain Chem-ical Substances from Reporting Additional Chemical Data’’ (FRL No. 9941–19–OCSPP) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4788. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollu-tion Control District and South Coast Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9943–40–Region 9) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4789. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Washington; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9943–19–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 25, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4790. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Ambient Monitoring Quality Assurance and Other Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9942–91–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4791. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: The 2016 Critical Use Exemption from the Phaseout of Methyl Bromide; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9943–91–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4792. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Findings of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plans Required for Attain-ment of the 2010 1-Hour Primary Sulfur Diox-ide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9942–91–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4793. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Withdrawal of Direct Final Rule; Polk County Board of Health Rules and Regulations, Chapter V, Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9943–89–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4794. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Nevada: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Re-visions’’ (FRL No. 9943–99–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4795. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants from Coal- and Oil- Fired Electric Utility Steam Generating Units and Standards of Performance for Fos-sil-Fuel-Fired Electric Utility, Industrial- Commercial-Institutional, and Small Indus-trial-Commercial-Institutional Steam Gen-erating Units; Technical Correction’’ ((RIN2060–AS41) (FRL No. 9942–28–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4796. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Quality State Imple-mentation Plans (SIP); State of Iowa; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Lead National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard (NAAQS); Correction’’ (FRL No. 9944–19– Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4797. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Evaluation for ‘BWRVIP–18, Revision 2: Boiling Water Reactor Vessel and Internals Project, Boil-ing Water Reactor Vessel Core Spray Internals Inspection and Flaw Evaluation Guidelines’’’ (BWRVIP–18, Revision 2) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4798. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, National Ma-rine Fisheries Service, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Interagency Coopera-tion—Endangered Species Act of 1973, as Amended; Definition of Destruction or Ad-verse Modification of Critical Habitat’’ (RIN0648–BB80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4799. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Criteria and Design Features for Inspection of Water Control Structures Associated With Nuclear Power Plants’’ (RG 1.127, Revision 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 16, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4800. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Announcement of the Delegation of Partial Administrative Authority for Imple-mentation of Federal Implementation Plan for the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation’’ (FRL No. 9943–54–Region 10) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–4801. A joint communication from the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works) and the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, a five-year report relative to the Comprehensive Everglades Restora-tion Plan for 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–4802. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Mill Creek Flood Risk Manage-ment project in Davidson County and the City of Nashville, Tennessee, for the purpose of flood risk management; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4803. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Programs; Mental Health Parity and Addic-tion Equity Act of 2008; the Application of Mental Health Parity Requirements to Cov-erage Offered by Medicaid Managed Care Or-ganizations, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and alternative Benefit Plans’’ ((RIN0938–AS24) (CMS–2333-F)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4804. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Financial Markets), Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4805. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Tribal Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4806. A communication from the Chair of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Medicaid and CHIP’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4807. A communication from the Chair-man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress: Medicare Payment Policy’’ ; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–4808. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.008 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1669 April 5, 2016 
Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Import Restric-tions Imposed on Certain Archaeological and Ethnological Materials from the Republic of Colombia’’ (RIN1515–AE08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4809. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on the Open Payments Program’’ ; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4810. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the extending and amending the Memorandum of Under-standing between the Government of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the Italian Republic Concerning the Imposition of Import Restrictions on Cat-egories of Archaeological Material Rep-resenting the Pre-Classical, Classical and Imperial Roman Periods of Italy; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4811. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0026 - 2016–0031); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4812. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a semiannual report detailing telecommuni-cations-related payments made to Cuba pur-suant to Department of the Treasury li-censes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4813. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary (Financial Markets), Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 23, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4814. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Patient Engagement Advi-sory Committee’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N– 0001) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 21, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4815. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Use of Materials Derived From Cattle in Human Food and Cosmetics’’ ((RIN0910–AF47) (Docket No. FDA–2004–N– 0188)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4816. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Investigational New Drug Applications for Biological Products; Bio-equivalence Regulations; Technical Amend-ment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–N–0011) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4817. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of As-sets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Pay-able in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Pay-ing Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022 and 29 CFR Part 4044) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4818. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Labor-Management Standards, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In-terpretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Management Re-porting and Disclosure Act’’ (RIN1215–AB79 and RIN1245–AA03) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 24, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4819. A communication from the Board of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual management report relative to its operations and financial condition for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4820. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program Parts A and B Supplemental Awards Report to Congress’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4821. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a performance report rel-ative to the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4822. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Report on FDA Advisory Committee Vacancies and Public Disclo-sures’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4823. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Report to Congress: Older Ameri-cans Act’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4824. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2013 Report to Congress on Community Services Block Grant Discretionary Activi-ties - Community Economic Development and Rural Community Development Pro-grams’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4825. A communication from the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2015 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4826. A communication from the Chair-man, Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2015 report rel-ative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4827. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2015 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4828. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Bureau’s fiscal year 2015 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4829. A communication from the Direc-tor, Government Publishing Office, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4830. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Of-fice’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4831. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Flights to and From Cuba’’ ((RIN1651–AB10) (CBP Dec. 16–06)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 17, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4832. A communication from the Asso-ciate Administrator, Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs, General Services Administration, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report to Congress identi-fying the 9–1–1 capabilities of the multi-line telephone system in use by all federal agen-cies in all federal buildings and properties; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4833. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2016 Small Business Enterprise Expend-iture Goals through the First Quarter of Fis-cal Year 2016’’ ; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4834. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Department of Youth Rehabilitation Services Can Strengthen the Management of DC YouthLink, Community-Based Residential Facilities, and Performance Reporting’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4835. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Real Prop-erty Tax Appeals Commission Has Improved the Appeal Assessment Process’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4836. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2015 report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.009 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1670 April 5, 2016 
on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4837. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2014 report relative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4838. A communication from the Sec-retary to the Board, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2015 annual report rel-ative to the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4839. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Dis-trict’s Management Contract with The Com-munity Partnership for the Prevention of Homelessness was not Properly Managed in Fiscal Year 2014 to Ensure Performance Con-sistent with Contract Terms’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–4840. A communication from the Dep-uty Archivist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Nixon Administration Presidential Historical Materials’’ (RIN3095–AB86) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 21, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4841. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Payment for Physician and Other Health Care Professional Services Pur-chased by Indian Health Programs and Med-ical Charges Associated with Non-Hospital- Based Care’’ (RIN0917–AA12) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–4842. A communication from the Direc-tor, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting, pursuant to law, reports entitled ‘‘Executive Summary of the 2015 Annual Report of the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts’’ and ‘‘Judicial Business of the United States Courts’’ and the Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) for the two reports; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4843. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Department of Justice 2015 Freedom of Infor-mation Act Litigation and Compliance Re-port’’ and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4844. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 OVC Report to the Nation: Building Capacity Through Research, Innovation, Technology, and Training’’ and the Uniform Resource Lo-cator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4845. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, an annual report on the Department’s activities during calendar year 2014 relative to prison rape abatement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4846. A communication from the Direc-tor of Equal Employment Opportunity, Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–4847. A communication from the Senior Advisor to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Federal Voting Assist-ance Program’s 2015 Annual Report to Con-gress; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. EC–4848. A communication from the Co- Chief Privacy Officers, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Privacy Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–4849. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0529)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4850. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0243)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4851. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3149)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4852. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1417)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4853. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0467)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4854. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0681)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4855. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3146)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4856. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–3981)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4857. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–4222)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4858. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0248)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4859. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1270)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4860. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0755)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4861. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–3699)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4862. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.010 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1671 April 5, 2016 
2015–0249)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4863. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1423)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4864. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2460)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4865. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1983)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4866. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3630)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4867. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2456)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4868. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1280)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4869. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; B–N Group Ltd. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7777)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4870. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; B–N Group Ltd. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4803)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4871. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (Formerly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–3704)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4872. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2006–25970)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4873. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3753)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4874. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–4070)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4875. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3805)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4876. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3713)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4877. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; M7 Aerospace LLC Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3607)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4878. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–4280)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4879. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–7205)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4880. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0561)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4881. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2012–1331)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4882. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3778)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4883. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3144)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4884. A communication from the Para-legal Specialist, Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3633)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.011 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1672 April 5, 2016 
29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4885. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; MD Helicopters, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3658)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4886. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2568)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4887. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4381)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4888. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–2843)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4889. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2984)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4890. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following New York Towns; Ithaca, NY; Poughkeepsie, NY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 4532)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4891. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Minnesota Towns; Rochester, MN; and St. Cloud, MN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7484)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4892. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Wilmington, OH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7486)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4893. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace, South Naknek, AK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 3108)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4894. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following North Dakota Towns; Harvey, ND, and Rolla, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 3695)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4895. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace, Southbend, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3771)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4896. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Rapid City, SD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7492)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4897. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Minot, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7485)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4898. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Lynchburg, VA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4532)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4899. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; International Falls, MN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3084)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4900. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Clinton, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3967)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4901. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Michigan Towns; Alpena, MI; and Muskegon, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 7483)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4902. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Salem, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 3751)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4903. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Minot, ND’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 7485)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4904. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Enid Vance AFB, OK; Enid Woodring Municipal Airport, Enid OK; and Enid, OK’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7489)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4905. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Enid Vance AFB, OK; Enid Woodring Municipal Airport, Enid OK; and Enid, OK’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–7489)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4906. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Change of Controlling Agency for Selected Restricted Areas; North Carolina’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0151)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4907. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of United States Area Navigation (RNAV) Route Q–35; Western United States’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.012 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1673 April 5, 2016 
((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–6001)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4908. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Multiple Air Traffic Services (ATS) Routes; Western United States’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1345)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4909. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes; Northeast United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3361)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 18, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1077. A bill to provide for expedited de-velopment of and priority review for break-through devices. S. 1597. A bill to enhance patient engage-ment in the medical product development process, and for other purposes. S. 1767. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to com-bination products, and for other purposes. S. 1878. A bill to extend the pediatric pri-ority review voucher program. S. 2030. A bill to allow the sponsor of an ap-plication for the approval of a targeted drug to rely upon data and information with re-spect to such sponsor’s previously approved targeted drugs. S. 2503. A bill to establish requirements for reusable medical devices relating to cleaning instructions and validation data, and for other purposes. S. 2511. A bill to improve Federal require-ments relating to the development and use of electronic health records technology. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 2743. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to repeal a loophole for payment limitations; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. E
NZI): S. 2744. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the privacy of individ-uals who are research subjects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. K IRK, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 2745. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of mi-norities in clinical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. BURR, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. C AP-
ITO, and Mr. D AINES ): S. 2746. A bill to establish various prohibi-tions regarding the transfer or release of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and with respect to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 2747. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to authorize Federal assist-ance to State adult protective services pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 2748. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of per-manent faculty in palliative care at accred-ited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician as-sistant education programs, to promote edu-cation and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medi-cine; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. K
ING, and Mr. R OUNDS ): S. 2749. A bill to provide an exception from the reduced flat rate per diem for long term temporary duty under Joint Travel Regula-tions for civilian employees of naval ship-yards traveling for direct labor in support of off-yard work, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 413. A resolution designating April 5, 2016, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 198, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. S. 405 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 405, a bill to protect and enhance op-portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S. 510 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 510, a bill to require Senate con-firmation of Inspector General of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 578, supra. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from Ne-braska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glu-cose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and for other pur-poses. At the request of Ms. S
TABENOW , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 857, supra. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the di-agnosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.013 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1674 April 5, 2016 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1252, a bill to authorize a comprehensive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to de-veloping countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable pop-ulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to provide for enhanced Federal efforts concerning the prevention, education, treatment, and research activities related to Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases, including the establishment of a Tick- Borne Diseases Advisory Committee. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Sen-ator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Sen-ator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans dur-ing World War II. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1715, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniver-sary of the arrival of the Pilgrims. 
S. 1776 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1776, a bill to enhance tribal road safe-ty, and for other purposes. 
S. 2311 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2311, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression. 
S. 2377 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. BOXER ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2377, a bill to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and protect and secure the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reau-thorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, in-fants, and young children. 
S. 2437 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2437, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2457 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2457, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the ex-clusion for employer-provided edu-cation assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 2473 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2473, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide veterans the option of using an alternative appeals process to more quickly determine claims for disability compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2548 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2548, a bill to estab-lish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2592 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2592, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act by insti-tuting a 180-day waiting period before medical debt will be reported on a con-sumer’s credit report and removing paid-off and settled medical debts from credit reports that have been fully paid or settled, to amend the Fair Debt Col-lection Practices Act by providing for a timetable for verification of medical debt and to increase the efficiency of credit markets with more perfect infor-mation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. ALEXANDER ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
UR-
RAY) were added as cosponsors of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2614 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2614, a bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alz-heimer’s Disease Patient Alert Pro-gram, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteris-tics of some children with autism. 
S. 2646 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2646, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to improve health care provided to veterans by the Depart-ment, and for other purposes. 
S. 2676 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2676, a bill to provide for the adjustment of the debts of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and for other purposes. 
S. 2693 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2693, a bill to ensure the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission allo-cates its resources appropriately by prioritizing complaints of discrimina-tion before implementing the proposed revision of the employer information report EEO–1, and for other purposes. 
S. 2722 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2722, a bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings as-sociations to elect to operate as na-tional banks, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 349, a resolu-tion congratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniversary. 
S. RES. 394 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 394, a resolu-tion recognizing the 195th anniversary of the independence of Greece and cele-brating democracy in Greece and the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.017 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1675 April 5, 2016 
S. RES. 406 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 406, a resolution recognizing the Girl Scouts of the United States of America on the 100th Anniversary of the Girl Scout Gold Award, the highest award in the Girl Scouts, which has stood for excellence and leadership for girls everywhere since 1916. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 413—DESIG-NATING APRIL 5, 2016, AS ‘‘GOLD STAR WIVES DAY’’ Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. B
OXER , and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 413 Whereas the Senate honors the sacrifices made by the spouses and families of the fall-en members of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. represents the spouses and families of the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States who have died on active duty or as a result of a service-connected dis-ability; Whereas the primary mission of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. is to provide services, support, and friendship to the spouses of the fallen members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas in 1945, Gold Star Wives of Amer-ica, Inc. was organized with the help of Elea-nor Roosevelt to assist the families left be-hind by the fallen members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas the first meeting of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. was held on April 5, 1945; Whereas April 5, 2016, marks the 71st anni-versary of the first meeting of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc.; Whereas the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States bear the burden of protecting the freedom of the peo-ple of the United States; and Whereas the sacrifices of the families of the fallen members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States should never be forgotten: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 5, 2016, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day’’; (2) honors and recognizes— (A) the contributions of the members of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc.; and (B) the dedication of the members of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. to the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe Gold Star Wives Day to promote awareness of— (A) the contributions and dedication of the members of Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. to the members and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (B) the important role that Gold Star Wives of America, Inc. plays in the lives of the spouses and families of the fallen mem-bers and veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3458. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing lim-itations, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3459. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 636, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3458. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 5010 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5010. SECONDARY COCKPIT BARRIERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Saracini Aviation Safety Act of 2016’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue an order requir-ing installation of a secondary cockpit bar-rier on each aircraft that is manufactured for delivery to a passenger air carrier in the United States operating under the provisions of part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regu-lations. 
SA 3459. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend increased expensing limita-tions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 5010 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5010. SECONDARY COCKPIT BARRIERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Saracini Aviation Safety Act of 2016’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue an order that re-quires— (1) on each covered aircraft the installa-tion of a barrier, other than the cockpit door, that prevents access to the flight deck of the aircraft; and (2) for a covered aircraft— (A) that is equipped with a cockpit door, that the barrier required under paragraph (1) remain locked while— (i) the aircraft is in flight; and (ii) the cockpit door separating the flight deck and the passenger area is open; and (B) that is not equipped with a cockpit door, that the barrier required under para-graph (1) remain locked as determined appro-priate by the pilot in command. (c) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means a commercial aircraft— (1) operating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; (2) equipped with more than 75 passenger seats; and (3) with a maximum gross takeoff weight that exceeds 75,000 pounds. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Effects of Consumer Finance Regulations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Recent Ira-nian Actions and Implementation of the Nuclear Deal.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Terror in Europe: Safeguarding U.S. Citizens at Home and Abroad.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Airland of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.018 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1676 April 5, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY , AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 2:15 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Section 5 and ‘Unfair Meth-ods of Competition’: Protecting Com-petition or Increasing Uncertainty?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 5, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 434 only, with no other exec-utive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of John E. Sparks, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for the term of fifteen years to expire on the date prescribed by law. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I know of no further debate on the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is, Will the Sen-ate advise and consent to the Sparks nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. RECOGNIZING THE GIRL SCOUTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ON THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 406 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 406) recognizing the Girl Scouts of the United States of America on the 100th Anniversary of the Girl Scout Gold Award, the highest award in the Girl Scouts, which has stood for excellence and leadership for girls everywhere since 1916. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 406) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 17, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
GOLD STAR WIVES DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 413, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 413) designating April 5, 2016, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 413) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to H.R. 636. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:08 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, April 6, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
DAVID C. NYE, OF IDAHO, TO BE UNITED STATES DIS-TRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF IDAHO, VICE ED-WARD J. LODGE, RETIRED. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
TODD E. SCHROEDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DEVON D. NUDELMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
CALVIN C. THOMAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
STEPHEN G. CRUYS GREGORY J. LONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
EDWARD S. BARNETT LYNN J. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TIMOTHY G. BONNER MICHAEL L. LOZANO BRIAN D. RAY OLIVER G. WASHINGTON, JR. JAMES S. WELCH, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
KRYSTAL D. BEAN MARLA K. BRUNELL TROY D. CREASON CRAIG A. KOELLER LUIS A. LUGOROMAN MICHAEL E. MCCOWN JUSTIN R. SCHLANSER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
GEORGE A. BARBEE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.024 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1677 April 5, 2016 
MARNI B. BARNES DAVID W. BROUSSARD JAMES P. BURNS RYAN A. CURTIS ANGELA R. DIEBAL JOSEPH A. DOMINGUEZ III MATTHEW S. DOUGLAS AMELIA M. DURANSTANTON MICHAEL P. GARRISON RANDOLPH S. HARRISON MICHAEL S. KIM LISA N. KONITZER SCOTT J. KUSHNER CHRISTOPHER C. PASE MONTALVO I. ROSELLO MICHAEL P. WAY D011324 D013078 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
GABRIELLE M. ANDREANIFABRONI CHRISTOPHER P. BAGLIO LISA M. BREECE CAROLINE C. BRODEN SAVANNAH L. BROOKHART LAMBERT B. CABALES JON L. CAMP RHONDA L. CENTUOLO JOVITTA CHANDLER SCOTT J. CHRISTIE JEAN COXTURNER KENNETH E. DAVIS, JR. NANCY L. DAVIS DAVID C. DEE PAMELA A. DIPATRIZIO GEOFFREY W. DUNCKLEE MICHAEL S. FISHER YVONNE J. FLEISCHMAN ROBBY R. FRONDOZO TAMI R. GAZERRO KATHLEEN M. M. GERRIE JAYNE A. GIBSON KEVIN A. GOKE LATONA M. HARRIS LORI A. JOHNSON PAUL D. JONES ORIN J. KENDALL JOHN S. KERNS JAMES C. KESLER ROBIN L. KLINGENSMITH LORI A. LAWHORN CHERI A. LAY ARLENE B. LEDOUX YETTA F. C. LEWIS CATHARINA R. LINDSEY JAMES W. LING III LESTER E. MACK CLINT R. MAGANA MARY M. MARAN PATRICK R. MARLOW PAUL B. MASTERS KIMBERLI J. MATTHEWS NATACHA L. MILLER JULIET N. MORAH XAVIER MUNOZ, JR. HEATHER M. OWENS BRIANNA M. PERATA SCOTT A. PHILLIPS JANELL L. PULIDO RUTH A. RACINE VICTORIA P. RAGAN STEPHANIE M. RIGBYTOMASKO KATIE A. RIVERA MARIO A. RIVERABARBOSA JERRY RIVERASANTIAGO VILMA ROJAS SOSA O. RUIZ DEBORAH G. SAVAGE JENNIFER M. SCHENCK WILLIAM T. SELLERS GERRY P. SHARP WYLIE K. SIMMONS JONATHAN A. SINNOTT PAUL J. SINQUEFIELD RICHARD A. SONNIER JACK A. STRONG CATHERINE C. TO CHRISTOPHER A. VANFOSSON SANDRA K. VARGAS MELODY A. VOSKUIL LATONYA R. WALKER MICHAEL T. WARNOCK, JR. JESSICA J. WHALEY LORI L. WHITNEY SAUNDETH A. WILLIAMS JAMES H. WILSON NATALIE M. WILSON MARK H. WIMMER DENISE A. YARDE YOUNG J. YAUGER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: To be lieutenant colonel 
TERRYL L. AITKEN JOSEPH C. ALEXANDER BRUCE ARGUETA BRYAN R. BAILEY DONALD B. BENTLEY, JR. RYAN S. BIBLE FRANK C. BLAKE AARON J. BRAXTON II JEFFREY K. BROWN ROBERT E. BRUTCHER JACOB A. BUSTOZ PAUL B. CARBY ALEKSEY V. CASCOFIGUEROA JASON M. CATES YOUYKHAM CHANTHAVILAY KATHLEEN M. CHUNG JEFFREY CLARK JILLYEN E. CURRYMATHIS DENNIS J. CURTIS ROBERT J. CYBULSKI, JR. VICTOR M. DE ARMAS JOHNNY R. DENNIS CHARLES L. DOUGLAS CHRISTOPHER N. DUNCAN CHRISTOPHER W. ELLISON NORJIM C. ESTRELLADO SCOTT M. FARLEY JASON B. FAULKENBERRY ERIC R. FLEMING RICHARD K. FLOYD SAMUEL L. FRICKS TYRA D. FRUGE MATTHEW C. GEIMAN ELIZABETH R. GUM TERESA S. HINNERICHS JOSEPH J. HOUT MICHELE E. HUDAK PETER K. HUGGINS ALISHA F. HUTSON DOUGLAS R. JACKSON SHONNEL A. JACKSON KURT H. JERKE TANYA M. JUAREZ JOHNPAUL KELLY JAMES K. KENISKY INDIA B. KINES ALBERT E. KINKEAD MARA KREISHMANDEITRICK PAUL D. LANG SHARRON D. LANKFORD ATHENA C. LOCK KAREN P. LUISI KENNETH C. LUTZ GLEN MANGLAPUS ANTHONY J. MARINOS JASON R. MATHRE DEON D. MAXWELL DAVID L. MCCASKILL, JR. JAY A. MCFARLAND JAMES R. MCKNIGHT DARRYL M. METCALF JOHN T. NUCKOLS CHRISTOPHER G. PETERSON NAOMI S. PHAYNE JOHN M. PITUS, JR. CORY J. A. PLOWDEN STEPHAN C. PORTER JONATHAN R. RAMSEY WILLIAM R. RITTER MARY I. RIVERACOLON AMANDA P. ROBBINS CHRISTOPHER M. RUTZ ALAN G. SCHILANSKY II KARA E. SCHMID DONALD W. SEXTON ANNE M. STERLING MICHAEL C. STORY GARRETT G. STOTZ STEVEN A. STOVALL JAMA D. VANHORNESEALY MICHAEL L. VANZILE APRIL R. VERLO JASON C. WILLIAMS D010908 IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DANIELLE M. BARNES JONATHAN W. BRUGGER PATRICK L. DALY JAMES I. DUPREE RACHEL M. ELLIS RICHARD P. GOODRICH, JR. DANIEL S. IKEDA MATTHEW W. KOHAN CHRISTOPHER D. MAROULES PETER P. STUHLDREHER MARK R. THOMAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
WILLIAM A, HLAVIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MARC D. BORAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
SCOTT P. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
PHILLIP G. CYR 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate April 5, 2016: 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOHN E. SPARKS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS TO EXPIRE ON THE DATE PRESCRIBED BY LAW. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05AP6.002 S05APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D328 Tuesday, April 5, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1645–S1677 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2743–2749, and S. Res. 413.
                                                                  Page S1673 
Measures Reported: S. 1077, to provide for expedited development of and priority review for breakthrough devices, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1597, to enhance patient engagement in the medical product development process, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1767, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to combination products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1878, to extend the pediatric priority review voucher program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2030, to allow the sponsor of an application for the approval of a targeted drug to rely upon data and information with respect to such sponsor’s pre-viously approved targeted drugs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2503, to establish requirements for reusable medical devices relating to cleaning instructions and validation data, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2511, to improve Federal requirements relating to the development and use of electronic health records technology, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute.
                                                  Page S1673 
Measures Passed: 100th Anniversary of the Girl Scout Gold Award: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 406, recog-nizing the Girl Scouts of the United States of Amer-ica on the 100th Anniversary of the Girl Scout Gold Award, the highest award in the Girl Scouts, which has stood for excellence and leadership for girls ev-erywhere since 1916, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S1676 Gold Star Wives Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 413, designating April 5, 2016, as ‘‘Gold Star Wives Day’’.
                                                                                Page S1676 
Measures Considered: America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 636, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend increased expensing limitations. 
                                                                                    Pages S1648–62 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10:00 a.m., on Wednesday, April 6, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S1676 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: John E. Sparks, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for the term of fifteen years to expire on the date prescribed by law.
                                      Pages S1676, S1677 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Idaho. Routine lists in the Army and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S1676–77 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1666–73 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1673–75 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S1675 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1664–66 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S1675 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1675–76 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:08 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 6, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1676.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AP6.REC D05APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D329 April 5, 2016 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: FCC Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Federal Communications Commission, after receiving testi-mony from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, and Ajit Pai, Commissioner, both of the Federal Communications Commission. OPPORTUNITIES FOR MILITARY VETERANS IN AGRICULTURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine opportunities and benefits for military veterans in agriculture, after receiving testimony from Lanon Baccam, Military Veterans Agriculture Liaison, Department of Agriculture; Gary LaGrange, Soldier Agricultural Vocation Education, Manhattan, Kansas; Alison Perry, Central Oregon Veterans Ranch, Bend; Paul Kanning, Tom Tilda Farm, Flaxville, Montana; and John Ulrick, Chief Warrant Officer, USA (Ret.), Hillman, Minnesota. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Cyber Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from Admiral Mi-chael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, United States Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agen-cy, and Chief, Central Security Services, Department of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland concluded a hearing to examine Army Modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General Michael E. Williamson, USA, Military Dep-uty, and Director, Army Acquisition Corps, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology, Lieutenant General Her-bert R. McMaster, Jr., USA, Director, Army Capa-bilities Integration Center, and Deputy Com-manding General, Futures, United States Army Training and Doctrine Command, Lieutenant Gen-eral Joseph Anderson, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Army (G–3/5/7), and Lieutenant General John M. Murray, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Army (G–8), all of the Department of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness and Management Support concluded a hearing to examine state of public shipyards to meet current mission needs and investment strategies to support future national security requirements in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Vice Admiral William H. Hilarides, USN, Commander, United States Naval Sea Systems Command, and Vice Admiral Dixon R. Smith, USN, Commander, United States Navy In-stallations Command, both of the Department of De-fense. CONSUMER FINANCE REGULATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the ef-fects of consumer finance regulations, after receiving testimony from Leonard Chanin, Morrison and Foerster, David Hirschmann, U.S. Chamber of Com-merce Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, both of Washington, D.C.; Todd Zywicki, George Mason University Antonin Scalia School of Law, Law and Economics Center, Fairfax, Virginia; and Rev-erend Willie Gable, Jr., Progressive Baptist Church, New Orleans, Louisiana, on behalf of the National Baptist Convention USA, Inc. Housing and Eco-nomic Development Commission. ISSUES FACING U.S.-AFFILIATED ISLANDS OVERSIGHT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine issues as-sociated with implementation in Palau, Micronesia, and the Marshall Islands, including S. 2360, to im-prove the administration of certain programs in the insular areas, and S. 2610, to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, after receiving testimony from Esther P. Kia’aina, Assistant Secretary for Insular Affairs, De-partment of the Interior; and David Gootnick, Di-rector, International Affairs and Trade, Government Accountability Office. RECENT IRANIAN ACTIONS AND NUCLEAR DEAL IMPLEMENTATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine recent Iranian actions and im-plementation of the nuclear deal, after receiving tes-timony from Thomas A. Shannon, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AP6.REC D05APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD330 April 5, 2016 
SAFEGUARDING U.S. CITIZENS AT HOME AND ABROAD Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ter-ror in Europe, focusing on safeguarding United States citizens at home and abroad, after receiving testimony from Juan C. Zarate, Center for Strategic and International Studies, Julianne Smith, Center for a New American Security, and Daveed Gartenstein- Ross, Foundation for Defense of Democracies, all of Washington, D.C.; and Clint Watts, Foreign Policy Research Institute, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. SECTION 5 OF THE FTC ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, focusing on methods of competition, after receiving testimony from Joshua D. Wright, George Mason University Antonin Scalia School of Law, Arlington, Virginia; A. Douglas Melamed, Stanford Law School, Stanford, California; Tim Wu, Columbia Law School, New York, New York; and Amanda P. Reeves, Latham and Watkins LLP, Washington, D.C. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. IMPACT OF STATE MARIJUANA LEGALIZATION United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control: Caucus concluded a hearing to examine whether the Department of Justice is adequately pro-tecting the public from the impact of state rec-reational marijuana legalization, after receiving testi-mony from Benjamin B. Wagner, United States At-torney, Eastern District of California, Department of Justice; Jennifer Grover, Director, Homeland Secu-rity and Justice, Government Accountability Office; Nebraska Attorney General Douglas J. Peterson, Lin-coln; and Kathryn M. Wells, Kempe Center for the Prevention and Treatment of Child Abuse and Ne-glect, Denver, Colorado. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma session at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, April 11, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 34. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D322) 
S. 2393, to extend temporarily the extended pe-riod of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction. Signed on March 31, 2016. (Public Law 114–142) COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 2016 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Sub- committee on Rural Development and Energy, to hold hearings to examine USDA rural development programs and their economic impact across America, 10 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the Forest Serv-ice, 10 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2017 for the national intel-ligence and military intelligence programs, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine research and development ef-forts at the Department of Homeland Security, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, to hold hearings to examine Navy shipbuilding programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AP6.REC D05APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D331 April 5, 2016 year 2017 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2 p.m., SR–222. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on the re-port of the Military Justice Review Group, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the unreliability of Federal financial data, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine transportation security, focusing on protecting passengers and freight, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2017 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the strategic implications of the United States debt, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 2700, to update the author-izing provisions relating to the workforces of the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administra-tion, S. 185, to create a limited population pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs, S. 2713, to pro-vide for the implementation of a Precision Medicine Ini-tiative, S. 2745, to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of minorities in clinical research, and S. 2742, to amend title IV of the Public Health Service Act regarding the national research institutes, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine S. 2304, to provide for tribal demonstration projects for the integration of early childhood development, edu-cation, including Native language and culture, and re-lated services, for evaluation of those demonstration projects, S. 2468, to require the Secretary of the Interior to carry out a 5-year demonstration program to provide grants to eligible Indian tribes for the construction of tribal schools, S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of Indian edu-cation, and S. 2711, to expand opportunity for Native American children through additional options in edu-cation, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine Federal disaster response and Small Business Administration implementation of the RISE Act, 2 p.m., SR–428A. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine finding a cure, focusing on assessing progress toward the goal of ending Alzheimer’s by 2025, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AP6.REC D05APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD332 April 5, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, April 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 636, America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act. At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3:30 p.m., Monday, April 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma session at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, April 11, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of S. Con. Res. 34. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 06, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05AP6.REC D05APPT1smartinez on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST