Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5227 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 2016 No. 136 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, September 12, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , SEPTEMBER 9, 2016 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. On this day, we ask Your blessing on the men and women of the people’s House who have been entrusted with the care of this great Nation’s people. Because of the great blessings you have bestowed on our Nation, may we em-brace the opportunity to build a better world beyond our borders as well. As another election approaches, Members are understandably focused on their campaigns. Give them the en-ergy and courage to remain focused as well on the demands of office facing them now. This is difficult, but our Nation and our world have many issues calling for attention, and these few have the privi-lege of addressing them with some hope of bringing resolution that may be of benefit to us all. May all that they do this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. COSTA led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO TEAM USA (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate all of our Olympians and Paralympians who represented Team USA in Rio de Janeiro this year. The United States brought in 121 medals at the Olympic Games last month, and with the start of the Paralympics this week, I am confident that Team USA’s staggering medal count will rise even higher. The Illinois 13th District sent some incredibly talented athletes to the Games this year. Nichole Millage; my friend Tatyana McFadden and her sis-ter Hannah; Ryan Held, a gold medalist from Springfield, Illinois; Lauren Doyle and Kelsey Card; as well as wheelchair basketball coach Stephanie Wheeler were selected to represent their country on Team USA; for many, the dream of a lifetime. These individuals endured hours of rigorous training, overcame personal struggles, and sacrificed simple pleas-ures to represent our country on the global stage. They are the best and brightest our country has to offer, as well as some of the world’s most skilled athletes. They have certainly made their hometowns proud, and it is an honor to represent them in Con-gress. f 
PROGRESO LATINO’S 39TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize Progreso Latino, the State of Rhode Island’s leading Latino human services organi-zation that is celebrating its 39th anni-versary this weekend. For nearly four decades, Progreso Latino has empowered Rhode Island’s Latino community, providing direct advocacy, adult education, child care, and youth programs that have helped build strong, sustainable neighbor-hoods across our State. They have done this work with great professionalism and a deep commitment to the commu-nity. Progreso Latino has gone above and beyond to provide essential healthcare services for families, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.000 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5228 September 9, 2016 
wellness programs, preventive care, and regular checkups. Headquartered in the city of Central Falls, this organization continues to play a critical role today in meeting the needs of Rhode Island’s Latino fam-ilies and ensuring they have an oppor-tunity to get ahead. I am delighted to congratulate Progreso Latino and the dedicated men and women of this extraordinary orga-nization as they celebrate 39 years of service this Saturday. 
f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the death toll due to mental illness continues to climb. Yesterday we lost another 118 lives to suicide, and this brings the total lives lost since passage of H.R. 2646 to 7,670. We lost another 959 lives to mental illness, bringing the total of lives lost to 62,355 since House passage of my bill in July. If nothing is done today, then tomorrow we will lose more. By Mon-day, another 2,800. I hope my colleagues in the Senate are moved to action by this continued loss of lives, which is preventable. But if it’s popularity, approval ratings, or upcoming elections that our friends are worried about, my friends should know that most Americans believe the coun-try is losing ground in dealing with mental health. In fact, 83 percent of the country thinks so, according to a national mental health survey. Mr. Speaker, how high does the death toll need to climb before the Senate de-cides to act? We only have a few legis-lative days left in September. We can either spend that time reading more obituaries or news clips of tragedies or passage of H.R. 2646. It is absolutely clear that America wants us to act now. The question is: Will the Senate finally act and bring treatment before tragedy? 
f 
CALIFORNIA’S WATER CRISIS (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention today to the ongoing water crisis facing California. The drought is not over, nor has Congress addressed the underlying reasons for the disproportional impact on the San Joaquin Valley communities and the conditions that we face. It has been reported that California could be facing a La Nin˜a condition this upcoming winter. That means that we will have dry conditions and further loss of available water for people, farms, and the environment. We must pass legislation that will be signed into law which will create a ra-tional, balanced water policy, both in the short and long term, that benefits California’s farm communities and the environment. I will submit later for the RECORD a thoughtful op-ed piece written by a constituent and friend of mine, Cannon Michael. He is a farmer in the valley. We share a lot of the same frustration over how Congress has failed to pass legislation to solve California’s water problems. This op-ed piece describes exactly how the people of the valley feel, and I urge my colleagues to come together to enact legislation that Cali-fornia desperately needs this year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE JEWISH COM-MUNITY SERVICES OF SOUTH FLORIDA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the Jewish Com-munity Services of South Florida, an organization that is committed in lend-ing a hand to those members of our so-ciety who need it the most. Through its many programs, such as mental health counseling, homeless-ness prevention, and assistance to those with developmental disabilities, JCS is dedicated to bringing aid and smiles and providing the necessary care for those in need. Since its founding in 1920, this orga-nization has not strayed from its clear goals to improve the quality of life for families in our south Florida commu-nity. The Jewish Community Services of South Florida will be delivering its 10,000th Rosh Hashanah holiday basket to homebound seniors, many living at or below the poverty level. Mr. Speaker, I am truly honored to recognize this organization’s mission, and to JCS I say mazel tov on a job well done. 
f 
THE 15TH ANNIVERSARY OF 9/11 (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of 9/11, a day when we suffered from the savagery of man-kind at its worst and witnessed the courage of humanity at its best. In our collective sorrow, I have never seen this body so united and deter-mined to protect our people, to protect America. We found strength from one another. I am proud of the way my city, my country, and my colleagues responded. I am grateful for the privilege of working with our first responders, sur-vivors, and families, and my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to pass the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Com-pensation Reauthorization Act, so that anyone suffering from the wounds of 9/ 11 will never have to worry about the health care and assistance they de-serve. It is in this way we remember and honor those who carry the wounds of that very dark day and who deserve the thanks of a grateful nation. It is in this way that we show we will never forget. f 
MESQUITE, NEVADA, A PURPLE HEART CITY (Mr. HARDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, the Purple Heart is our Nation’s oldest military decoration. It is a unifying symbol that binds together men and women who have bled for freedom. When these brave warriors return to our communities, we cannot forget them and their sacrifice. That is why I am proud to recognize my hometown of Mesquite, Nevada, for its decision to become a Purple Heart City. The decision, which will be formally announced next week, will signal to all veterans throughout southern Nevada and around the country that Mesquite welcomes them and is proud to honor their service. I would like to thank Chapter 711 of the Military Order of the Purple Heart for working with the city of Mesquite to make this day possible. It is my hope that more communities take this step to honor the sacrifices of these heroes by becoming Purple Heart communities. I can’t wait to see that Purple Heart flag proudly flying over Mesquite. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR TRAVIS BRUNELLE (Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a man who spent his entire adult life serving our country, a man who served with great distinction, and a man who truly was an American pa-triot. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor U.S. Army Major Travis Brunelle of Tampa, Florida. Major Brunelle enlisted in the Army in 1991. In 2002, he graduated from Flor-ida State University with a bachelor’s degree in information studies and was commissioned a 2nd lieutenant in the infantry, gaining his commission through ROTC at Florida State. He at-tended the Infantry Officer’s Basic Course, where he served as a platoon leader and would go on to attend the Special Forces Officers Qualification Course. In October 2004, Brunelle earned the coveted Green Beret. Then-Captain Brunelle served as a detachment commander for Company C, 3rd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group. He deployed in support of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom and Operation En-during Freedom. For his service to our Nation, Brunelle was decorated with two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.002 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5229 September 9, 2016 
Bronze Star Medals, three Army Com-mendation Medals, four Army Achieve-ment Medals, and multiple OEF and OIF deployment ribbons. Additional recognitions included the Expert Infan-tryman Badge, Combat Infantryman Badge, Master Parachutist Badge, Ranger Tab, and the Special Forces Tab. A Master Mason and president of the Tampa Bay Ranger Regiment motor-cycle club, Major Brunelle was known by his community as selfless, compas-sionate, and full of life. Today, Major Brunelle is survived by his wife, Renee, and many countless, loving friends and family. May God bless Major Travis Brunelle for his service to our Nation. May God bless his family, his friends, and may God bless the country he so valiantly and proudly fought for, the United States of America. 
f 
I AM STUNNED (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I come this morning rath-er stunned because I am witnessing comments by Presidential candidate Trump and Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence that stuns me. Today I heard that Pence basically said that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in his country than Barack Obama in his country. And then, of course, Donald Trump is argu-ing that the Russians are not meddling in American Presidential politics, de-spite the fact he was interviewing on a Russian television station. What is going on here? Is this patri-otism? I don’t know why all of a sudden we have a Presidential candidate who is praising or talking about basically a dictator being better than the Presi-dent of the United States of America. 
f 
b0915 ZIKA EMERGENCY (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, have you ever heard of a travel ban on an American city? Now, we have one in the beautiful boutique district called Wynwood, in the heart of my district. It is time to lift that ban. District 24, Miami, Florida; and the entire State have been besieged by the Zika virus. We are in the epicenter of this growing epidemic and living in fear of the damaging impact a single mosquito bite can have on an unborn fetus. The vibrant, bustling millennial area of Wynwood has the best restaurants, the best trendy art galleries, museums, antique shops, hat stores, and tourist attractions. Tourists flock there from all over the world. Now, with the travel ban in place be-cause of Zika, people are being laid off; businesses are on the verge of closing. In comparison, it is a ghost town. The unborn babies are not the only ones af-fected by the virus. The economy is suffering immensely. We need your help, Mr. Speaker. Zika is taking a huge bite out of Florida’s booming economy and is devastating the tourism industry. Mr. Speaker, please bring a clean Zika bill to the floor with no riders, no poison pills; just a clean bill. The un-born, families, and the businesses of America are depending on you. Zika is an ever-evolving nightmare and we must do that. When this travel ban has been lifted, I am looking forward to saying: Business as usual in Wynwood. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The Chair would remind all Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the nominees for the Office of Presi-dent and Vice President. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES REGARDING THE TERRORIST AT-TACKS LAUNCHED AGAINST THE UNITED STATES ON SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, ON THE 15TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THAT DATE Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform, Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure, Committee on Armed Services, Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 842, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 842 Whereas, on September 11, 2001, while Americans were attending to their daily rou-tines, terrorists hijacked four civilian air-craft, crashing two of them into the towers of the World Trade Center in New York City, a third into the Pentagon near Washington, DC, and a fourth was prevented from also being used as a weapon against America by brave passengers who placed their country above their own lives; Whereas thousands of innocent Americans were killed and injured as a result of these attacks, including the passengers and crew of the four aircraft, workers in the World Trade Center and in the Pentagon, rescue workers, and bystanders; Whereas the crewmembers of United Flight 175, American Flight 11, American Flight 77, and United Flight 93 acted as first respond-ers, reporting the first intelligence of a war the United States did not know it was fight-ing and sacrificing their own lives to protect the United States and the lives of countless others; Whereas 15 years later the country con-tinues to, and shall forever, mourn their tragic loss and honor their memory; Whereas these attacks destroyed both tow-ers of the World Trade Center, as well as ad-jacent buildings, and seriously damaged the Pentagon; Whereas these attacks were by far the deadliest terrorist attacks ever launched against the United States, and, by targeting symbols of American strength and success, were intended to assail the principles, val-ues, and freedoms of the United States and the American people, intimidate our Nation, and weaken its resolve; Whereas memorials have been constructed to honor the victims of these attacks at the Pentagon, in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and on the World Trade Center grounds, so that Americans and people from around the world can visit to mourn those lost and to pay trib-ute to the heroic action and sacrifice of those who have served our communities and our country in the years since the attacks; Whereas 15 years after September 11, 2001, the United States continues to fight terror-ists and other extremists who threaten America and her friends and allies; Whereas successive Congresses have passed and President Bush and President Obama have signed numerous laws to assist victims of terrorism, protect our Nation, combat ter-rorism at home and abroad, and support the members of the Armed Forces who coura-geously defend the United States; Whereas by the tireless efforts of our intel-ligence, military, and law enforcement pro-fessionals, the United States has been able to significantly degrade the al Qaida network, by taking into custody or killing senior al Qaida leaders, operational managers, and key facilitators, and owes a debt of gratitude to the focused and persistent efforts of all those personnel involved in the removal of Osama bin Laden; Whereas the terrorist attacks that have occurred around the world since September 11, 2001, remind us of the hateful inhumanity of terrorism and the ongoing threat it poses to freedom, justice, and the rule of law; Whereas United States law enforcement and intelligence agencies and allies of the United States around the world have worked together to detect and disrupt terrorist net-works and numerous terror plots since Sep-tember 11, 2001; Whereas the Nation is indebted to the brave military, intelligence, law enforce-ment, and civilian personnel serving in Af-ghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere in advance-ment of United States national interests; Whereas thousands of families have lost loved ones in the defense of freedom and lib-erty against the tyranny of terror; and Whereas the passage of 15 years has not di-minished the pain caused by the senseless loss of nearly 3,000 persons killed on Sep-tember 11, 2001: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes September 11 as a day of sol-emn commemoration; (2) extends again its deepest sympathies to the thousands of innocent victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, and to their families, friends, and loved ones; (3) honors the heroism and the sacrifices of United States military and civilian per-sonnel and their families who have sacrificed much, including their lives and health, in de-fense of their country; (4) credits the heroism of first responders, law enforcement personnel, State and local officials, volunteers, and others who aided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.004 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5230 September 9, 2016 
the victims of these attacks and, in so doing, bravely risked their own lives and long-term health; (5) expresses thanks and gratitude to the foreign leaders and citizens of all nations who have assisted and continue to stand in solidarity with the United States against terrorism in the aftermath of the attacks on September 11, 2001, and asks them to con-tinue to stand with the United States against international terrorism; (6) commends the military and intelligence personnel involved in the removal of Osama bin Laden; (7) reasserts its commitment to opposing violent extremism arrayed against American interests and to providing the United States military, intelligence, and law enforcement communities with the resources and support to do so effectively and safely; (8) vows that it will continue to identify, intercept, and disrupt terrorists and their activities; (9) reaffirms that the American people will never forget the sacrifices made on Sep-tember 11, 2001, and will never bow to ter-rorist demands; and (10) declares that when Congress adjourns today, it stands adjourned out of respect to the victims of the terrorist attacks. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON H.R. 5424, INVEST-MENT ADVISERS MODERNIZA-TION ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the ques-tion of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 5424 may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
f 
INVESTMENT ADVISERS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 844, I call up the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to mod-ernize certain requirements relating to investment advisers, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 844, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5424 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Investment Ad-visers Modernization Act of 2016’’. SEC. 2. MODERNIZING CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO INVESTMENT ADVIS-ERS. 
(a) I NVESTMENT ADVISORY CONTRACTS .— (1) A
SSIGNMENT .— (A) A
SSIGNMENT DEFINED .—Section 202(a)(1) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘; but’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘; but no assign-ment of an investment advisory contract shall be deemed to result from the death or withdrawal, or the sale or transfer of the interests, of a mi-nority of the members, partners, shareholders, or other equity owners of the investment adviser having only a minority interest in the business of the investment adviser, or from the admission to the investment adviser of one or more mem-bers, partners, shareholders, or other equity owners who, after such admission, shall be only a minority of the members, partners, share-holders, or other equity owners and shall have only a minority interest in the business.’’. (B) C
ONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT BY QUALIFIED  
CLIENTS .—Section 205(a)(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–5(a)(2)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, except that if such other party is a qualified client (as defined in section 275.205– 3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto), such other party may provide such consent at the time the parties enter into, extend, or renew such contract’’. (2) N
OT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE FOR NOTIFICA -
TION OF CHANGE IN MEMBERSHIP OF PARTNER -
SHIP.—Section 205 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–5) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’. (b) A
DVERTISING RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall amend section 275.206(4)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2) of such section do not apply to an advertisement that an invest-ment adviser publishes, circulates, or distributes solely to persons described in paragraph (2) of this subsection. (2) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person is described in this paragraph if such person is, or the in-vestment adviser reasonably believes such per-son is— (A) a qualified client (as defined in section 275.205–3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions), determined as of the time of the publica-tion, circulation, or distribution of the adver-tisement rather than immediately prior to or after entering into the investment advisory con-tract referred to in such section; (B) a knowledgeable employee (as defined in section 270.3c–5 of title 17, Code of Federal Reg-ulations) of any private fund to which the in-vestment adviser acts as an investment adviser; (C) a qualified purchaser (as defined in sec-tion 2(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2(a))); or (D) an accredited investor (as defined in sec-tion 230.501 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions), determined as if the investment adviser were the issuer of securities referred to in such section and the time of the publication, circula-tion, or distribution of the advertisement were the sale of such securities. 
SEC. 3. REMOVING DUPLICATIVE BURDENS AND APPROPRIATELY TAILORING CER-TAIN REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) B ROCHURE DELIVERY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall amend section 275.204–3(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to pro-vide that an investment adviser is not required to deliver a brochure or brochure supplement to a client that is a limited partnership, limited li-ability company, or other pooled investment ve-hicle for which each limited partner, member, or other equity owner has received, before pur-chasing a security issued by the pooled invest-ment vehicle, a prospectus, private placement memorandum, or other offering document con-taining (to the extent material to an under-standing of the pooled investment vehicle, the business of the pooled investment vehicle, and the securities being offered by the pooled invest-ment vehicle) substantially the same informa-tion as would be required by Part 2A or 2B of Form ADV at the time of delivery of the bro-chure or brochure supplement, as the case may be. (b) FORM PF.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall amend section 275.204(b)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that an investment adviser to a private fund is not required to report any information beyond that which is required by sections 1a and 1b of Form PF, unless such investment adviser is a large hedge fund adviser or a large liquidity fund ad-viser (as such terms are defined in such Form). (c) C
USTODY RULE.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall amend section 275.206(4)–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, as follows: (1) The Commission shall provide additional exceptions to the independent verification re-quirement of paragraph (a)(4) of such section for an investment adviser with respect to funds and securities of a limited partnership (or a lim-ited liability company or other type of pooled in-vestment vehicle), as follows: (A) An exception that applies if the out-standing securities (other than short-term paper, as defined in section 2(a) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2(a))) of the pooled investment vehicle are beneficially owned exclusively by— (i) the investment adviser; (ii) affiliated persons of the investment ad-viser; (iii) supervised persons of the investment ad-viser; (iv) officers, directors, and employees of the affiliated persons of the investment adviser; (v) family members and former family members (as such terms are defined in section 275.202(a)(11)(G)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) of persons described in clause (iii) or (iv); or (vi) officers, directors, employees, or affiliated persons of, or persons who provide, have pro-vided, or have entered into a contract to provide services to— (I) the investment adviser of the pooled invest-ment vehicle; (II) one or more clients of the investment ad-viser of the pooled investment vehicle; or (III) issuers from which the pooled investment vehicle or any other client of the investment ad-viser of the pooled investment vehicle has ac-quired securities, such as the portfolio company of a private fund. (B) An exception that applies if the pooled in-vestment vehicle has been established to hold only the securities of a single issuer in which one or more pooled investment vehicles managed by the investment adviser have acquired a con-trolling interest. (2) Consistent with, and expanding on, IM Guidance Update No. 2013–04, titled ‘‘Privately Offered Securities under the Investment Advis-ers Act Custody Rule’’, published by the Divi-sion of Investment Management of the Commis-sion, the Commission shall, with respect to the exception for certain privately offered securities in paragraph (b)(2) of such section— (A) remove the requirement of clause (i)(B) of such paragraph (relating to the uncertificated nature and recordation of ownership of the se-curities); and (B) remove the requirement of clause (ii) of such paragraph (relating to audit and financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.001 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5231 September 9, 2016 
statement distribution requirements with respect to securities of pooled investment vehicles). (d) P
ROXY VOTING RULE.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall amend section 275.206(4)–6 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to pro-vide that such section does not apply to any voting authority with respect to client securities that are not public securities. 
SEC. 4. FACILITATING ROBUST CAPITAL FORMA-TION BY PREVENTING REGULATORY MISMATCH. 
The Commission may not— (1) amend section 230.156 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to extend the provisions of such section to offerings of securities issued by private funds; or (2) adopt rules applicable to offerings of secu-rities issued by private funds that are substan-tially the same as the provisions of such section. 
SEC. 5. EXCLUSION OF ADVISORY SERVICES TO REGISTERED INVESTMENT COMPA-NIES. 
This Act shall not apply with respect to advi-sory services provided, or proposed to be pro-vided, to an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.). 
SEC. 6. REFERENCES TO REGULATIONS. 
In this Act, any reference to a regulation shall be construed to refer to such regulation or any successor thereto. 
SEC. 7. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) P
UBLIC SECURITY .—The term ‘‘public secu-rity’’ means a security issued by an issuer that— (A) is required to submit reports under section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a); 78o(d)); or (B) has a security that is listed or traded on any exchange or organized market operating in a foreign jurisdiction. (2) T
ERMS DEFINED IN INVESTMENT ADVISERS  
ACT OF 1940 .—The terms defined in section 202(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2(a)) have the meanings given such terms in such section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate on the bill, as amended, it shall be in order to con-sider the further amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–725, if of-fered by the Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) and the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Mod-ernization Act of 2016. I represent a rural district in Vir-ginia, Virginia’s Fifth District, which stretches from Fauquier County to the North Carolina border. As I traveled through my district during August, much as I have done throughout my time in Congress, I con-tinued to hear hardworking Americans express concern about the current state of our economy and the economic uncertainty facing their children and grandchildren. I think every Member of this body can agree that, with millions of Americans out of work, our top focus in Congress should be on enacting policies to help spur job creation throughout our country. Today, we are discussing several leg-islative efforts that, if enacted, will en-courage economic growth and job cre-ation by reducing unnecessary regu-latory burdens. One of these measures is a bipartisan piece of legislation that I have been working on with Rep-resentatives FOSTER , VARGAS , STIVERS , H
ULTGREN , SINEMA , and others. In fact, during a June markup in the Financial Services Committee, H.R. 5424 garnered broad bipartisan support, passing by 47–12. This measure, the Investment Advis-ers Modernization Act, is an effort to modernize a 76-year-old law to reflect current industry needs and standards. The legislation directs the SEC to up-date rules that clarify provisions with-in the Investment Advisers Act. Specifically, the legislation modern-izes the outdated portions of the In-vestment Advisers Act, such as ‘‘as-signment’’ definition; it removes dupli-cative requirements, such as the notifi-cation to clients for any change in membership of a partnership; and it tailors current reporting metrics so that advisers are not required to pro-vide burdensome and unnecessary in-formation on their portfolio compa-nies, among other things. Most impor-tantly, it streamlines the regulatory scheme, while giving the SEC suffi-cient discretion to craft these rules to ensure investor protection. To be clear, this bill would in no way compromise investor protection, nor would it hinder the SEC’s ability to pursue en-forcement actions. In our district, the investment of pri-vate capital is responsible for thou-sands of jobs. These critical invest-ments allow our small businesses to in-novate, expand their operations, and create jobs that our communities need. Over the past three Congresses, there has been growing concern about the burden that Dodd-Frank unnecessarily placed on advisers to private equity, while at the same time exempting ad-visers to similar investment funds. Over recent years, many of us have worked together in a bipartisan effort to eliminate the registration required by Dodd-Frank, but this bill does not do that and would not change the reg-istration requirement that Dodd-Frank mandated. It simply updates the In-vestment Advisers Act. Instead, this legislation is a pragmatic and bipar-tisan approach to addressing some of the concerns with the Investment Ad-visers Act. No matter your views on Dodd- Frank, the Investment Advisers Mod-ernization Act represents the view that Congress should continuously look for bipartisan, commonsense solutions to update and streamline its laws in order to encourage economic growth and job creation. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 5424, the In-vestment Advisers Modernization Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we stand here today after an extraordinarily long recess, and Republicans’ first order of busi-nesses is to protect Wall Street profits instead of dealing with a host of crit-ical issues facing the American public. I recently visited Baton Rouge, Lou-isiana, where thousands of residents are still without homes and commu-nities are struggling to recover in the wake of last month’s historic dev-astating flooding. There is so much that we need to do as Members of Congress to help our constituents in the short amount of time we have left in session, whether it is helping the people of Baton Rouge, ending the crisis of homelessness in America, or preventing senseless gun violence. However, rather than work-ing together to pass sensible legisla-tion to address these issues, we are de-bating H.R. 5424, a bad bill that would put Americans’ savings and invest-ments at risk by opening the door to further abuses in the private equity in-dustry. This is an industry that touches all of us because it is not just private busi-nesses looking to these funds to raise capital. One-quarter of the investments held by private equity firms come from our public pension funds that are hold-ing our teachers’ and firefighters’ re-tirement savings. And it is not just our public pensions that are on the line. It is also our emergency services and mortgages and consumer lending mar-kets where private equity funds are in-creasing their presence. That is why it is so important to have adequate oversight of this indus-try. We must ensure that Wall Street does not turn a profit at the expense of investors, consumers, and retirees. Unfortunately, H.R. 5424 would roll back Dodd-Frank’s much-needed over-sight and transparency measures for the shadow banking industry. Dodd- Frank required advisers to private eq-uity funds and hedge funds with more than $150 million in assets under man-agement to register with the SEC and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.012 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5232 September 9, 2016 
comply with important reporting and audit requirements. In addition, it re-quired newly registered advisers to file systemic risk reports with the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council, be-cause we had sufficient information on the risks that private funds could pose to our economy as a whole. Thanks to this new oversight, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission has been able to examine and, where appro-priate, bring enforcement actions against private fund advisers. In fact, the SEC has brought numerous en-forcement actions against private fund advisers for a variety of transgressions in the past few years. In 2013, the SEC identified violations or weaknesses in more than 50 percent of cases where it had examined how fees and expenses are handled by advis-ers. Recently, the SEC Director of En-forcement urged greater transparency in this area and said the Commission ‘‘will continue to aggressively bring impactful cases in this space.’’ All of this comes on top of recent news reports showing how private eq-uity firms are investing in our fire de-partments, ambulance services, and mortgage and consumer lending mar-kets. Their profit-driven tactics have resulted in slower reaction times in our emergency services, exorbitant inter-est rates, and the same sort of fore-closure abuses that we witnessed before and during the financial crisis. So, when it comes to private equity funds and hedge funds, it is clear that more regulation is needed, not less. Yet this bill takes us in the wrong direc-tion. For example, advisers would no longer have to notify clients of a change in ownership or provide them with information on their procedures for handling conflicts of interest in voting proxies. Additionally, they would not have to disclose information on large funds to the FSOC, making it harder to monitor and detect systemic risk. Also troubling is that the bill would create a Bernie Madoff loophole by pro-viding a broad exception from an an-nual audit requirement for funds whose investors may have a relationship with the adviser and for funds invested in private securities that are not rep-resented by a paper certificate. I must note that, despite efforts by my colleagues to amend this bill and remove some of its harmful provisions, there are still too many problematic provisions in this bill that would put investors, retirees, and consumers at risk. That is why it is opposed by con-sumer and investor advocates, State security regulators, institutional in-vestors, and labor unions representing workers whose pensions could be af-fected. Moreover, the White House has threatened to veto the bill, saying it ‘‘would enable private fund advisers to slip back into the shadows’’ and ‘‘un-necessarily put working and middle class families at risk, while benefiting Wall Street and other narrow special interests.’’ I, therefore, strongly urge my col-leagues to oppose H.R. 5424. I reserve the balance of my time. b0930 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), who is the chairman of our Housing and Insur-ance Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I first would like to thank the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) for his hard work on H.R. 5424. Since join-ing this body, Mr. H
URT has been a tireless advocate for small business creation, capital formation, and work-ing with families across Virginia and throughout the United States. He is to be commended for his efforts. Today, Mr. Speaker, we will consider his legislation, H.R. 5424, the Invest-ment Advisers Modernization Act. This bill makes long-awaited and sensible changes to the 76-year-old Investment Advisers Act. H.R. 5424 also stream-lines requirements for private equity funds and sophisticated investors in private equity funds. As I said on the floor yesterday, there should be no room for regulation that serves only to appease bureau-cratic demands. Capital should be used to create jobs and further growth, not fulfill meaningless and unproductive regulatory requirements. Private equity plays a vital role in our economy. I have seen it firsthand in my district and across Missouri, and hope my colleagues recognize that pri-vate equity is responsible for saving and creating jobs in each of their con-gressional districts. Capital is the life-blood of businesses. At a time when investment returns are down and options are limited, when investment advice is more expensive and may soon be out of reach for many Americans, and when our economy con-tinues to stagnate, we need to take measured steps to streamline regula-tions and free equity. That is the way you fuel an economic recovery. This bill came to us from constitu-ents who we have been listening to dur-ing all of the different times that we go home and talk to them. They said these are the rules and regulations that are strangling their ability to do business. The ranking member just talked about a shadow banking system. I would argue that we have a shadow regulatory system that is producing rules and regulations at a furious clip, and without understanding the con-sequences of those rules and regula-tions. H.R. 5424 will make modest but meaningful changes to existing law. This is a bipartisan bill that received support from the majority of the mi-nority during the Financial Services Committee markup. It is legislation that merits support from all my col-leagues, and that is because H.R. 5424 is about modernization, capital forma-tion and, ultimately, American jobs. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his leader-ship on these issues and Chairman HEN-
SARLING for bringing this bill to the floor. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of our Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Spon-sored Enterprises. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 5424. While my good friend from Illinois, Mr. F
OSTER , is going to offer an amend-ment that would remove two of the most problematic provisions, I, unfor-tunately, still have serious concerns with the remaining provisions in the bill, which makes changes to core as-pects of a regulatory regime that has been very successful for decades. For one thing, this entire bill applies to more than just private equity funds. It applies to private equity funds, hedge funds, and commodity pools. So, as a threshold matter, this is not nar-row or targeted relief. I also have a problem with the provi-sion exempting private equity advisers from the Proxy Voting Rule for private securities. The Proxy Voting Rule sim-ply requires advisers to have a policy— just a policy—in place to deal with con-flicts of interest when the adviser is voting on shareholder proposals on their clients’ behalf. Proxy voting is not limited to public companies, and conflicts of interest exist whether a company is public or private. So there is really no reason why private securities should get an exemption here. In fact, private equity advisers are even more likely to have a conflict of interest when they are voting on share-holder proposals on a client’s behalf be-cause the entire business model of a private equity funds is premised on the funds having a significant amount of influence, if not outright control; and, in some cases, they even manage the company. So a private equity adviser that is voting on a client’s behalf would have a conflict of interest virtually every time it is faced with a proposal that is good for management, but bad for shareholders. Requiring a private equity adviser to have policies in place to manage these conflicts of interest is really not too much to ask. We are just asking for policies to be in place. While I think there are some very good things in this bill that are reason-able, I think too many of the provi-sions go too far, so I urge my col-leagues to oppose this bill. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5424, the In-vestment Advisers Modernization Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.008 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5233 September 9, 2016 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which was introduced by Congressman H
URT. I would especially like to thank Speaker R
YANand Chair-man H
ENSARLING for their work in bringing this up for a vote today. Private equity has a long history of making a positive difference for Illi-nois companies, their employees, and our communities. Over the last 10 years, private equity firms have in-vested hundreds of billions of dollars in Illinois-based companies. In fact, Illi-nois ranked number one nationally in attracting private equity investment in 2015, according to the American In-vestment Council. It comes as no surprise that these companies, backed by strong financing and experienced management, with in-novative products and services, support hundreds of thousands of workers and their families. In addition to the economic growth driven by private equity, we also shouldn’t overlook its importance to investors. For example, the State Uni-versities Retirement System of Illinois and its 200,000 members depend on in-vestments in private equity-backed companies. So why shouldn’t we, as legislators, seize an opportunity to make private equity investment easier? This bill would make relatively mod-est updates to a 76-year-old Investment Advisers Act. Our securities laws are meant to re-flect the sophistication of the inves-tors. We should not apply cumbersome regulations intended for less-sophisti-cated retail investors to professionals with deep knowledge and expertise of investment advising. The majority of private equity funds in Illinois are middle market and do not have large administrative staffs. Generally, the staff is just one or two finance professionals. The proliferation of rules, reporting, and regulation at both the Federal and State level has severely taxed these firms and taken valuable resources away from the im-portant job of identifying, investing in and growing companies and, thus, growing our economy. The Investment Advisers Moderniza-tion Act will reduce administrative costs, making it easier to invest in our communities, and improve the rate of return, whether they are saving for re-tirement or for a university’s endow-ment. In closing, I would like to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING again and Mr. H
URTfor their leadership on this legis-lation. It is no surprise that such a common-sense bill already has a strong bipar-tisan record. I urge all of my col-leagues to support the Investment Ad-visers Modernization Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, after general debate, my colleague from Illinois will offer an amendment to eliminate two toxic pro-visions of this bill. While I am sup-portive of his effort, I am concerned that his amendment does not go far enough. I am going to describe the six provi-sions Mr. FOSTER ’s amendment leaves intact but that are still harmful to in-vestors and threatens the ability of the SEC to oversee private equity funds and hedge funds. As such, even if the amendment is adopted, I urge all Mem-bers to oppose final passage of H.R. 5424. The first reason to vote against final passage is that H.R. 5424 would still re-move systemic risk reporting require-ments for private equity funds. Con-gress created the Financial Stability Oversight Council when it passed the Dodd-Frank Act to look for risks across the entire financial system, in-cluding those within shadow banks like private equity funds. Democrats understood that one of the most important lessons of the cri-sis was the value of sunshine into all of the dark corners of our markets. We do not want another AIG to make enough risky financial bets to take down the entire economy without anyone know-ing until it is too late. H.R. 5424, however, would repeal the requirement that large private equity firms provide certain information about their portfolio companies and their leverage. The second reason to vote ‘‘no’’ on an amended H.R. 5424 is that the bill still would prohibit the SEC from applying the antifraud guidance related to ad-vertising materials of mutual funds to private equity funds and hedge funds. This is a basic investor protection. Private equity funds should not be able to selectively use performance data to dupe investors into buying their funds. It works for mutual funds and it will work for other funds simi-larly. Reason number three to oppose H.R. 5424 is that the amended bill would re-move the bright-line test for fraudu-lent and misleading advertising mate-rials, thereby allowing private equity advisers to use testimonials and past recommendations to create a false per-ception of the adviser’s performance. This provision will enable private eq-uity funds to more easily sell key secu-rities to unsuspecting investors. Reason number four to vote ‘‘no’’ is the bill would still remove the require-ment that fund advisers notify inves-tors of ownership changes. This would allow an adviser to sell its business or the fund it manages to anyone, raising the concern that an unacceptable party would suddenly be managing a pen-sion’s invested money without their consent. The public pension plans have a right to know if the star manager has been replaced with an underachiever. An amended H.R. 5424 also would re-peal disclosures of proxy voting proce-dures for handling conflicts of interest. Namely, the bill eliminates a require-ment that advisers to private equity funds and hedge funds have policies and procedures in place to dictate how and when the adviser will vote a proxy and how it will mitigate any conflicts of in-terest. Because these policies and procedures inform investors and the SEC to whether an adviser is meeting some of its fiduciary responsibilities, I find it hard to understand how Democrats who stood up to protect the fiduciary obli-gations of everyday Americans can now support weakening it for the funds in-vesting on behalf of those Americans. Finally, even though the Foster amendment preserves the audit re-quirement for certificated securities, the bill would remove the audit re-quirement under the SEC’s custody rules for private, uncertificated securi-ties for which advisers would not have to keep any record. Although such se-curities may not be common in the pri-vate space, this distinction between two types of securities has all the trappings of a loophole in the making and would create a terrible incentive. So I would urge all Members to op-pose H.R. 5424 even if the Foster amendment is adopted. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). b0945 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I cosponsored this bill because pri-vate equity makes considerable invest-ment in Illinois and, specifically, in my district. Nationwide, many businesses are backed by private equity and are a key driving force behind our economy, making critical national and local eco-nomic contributions. These businesses support 11 million jobs nationwide. This bill is about applying the provi-sions of the Investment Advisers Mod-ernization Act that make sense for the private equity business model. That business model involves making long- term investments in companies that a fund intends to turn around or grow over a period of years. This bill, from the very beginning, was an effort to apply those require-ments in a way that makes sense, and it is the culmination of a great deal of bipartisan work. Working across the aisle, I have worked with Congressman H
URTof Vir-ginia to remove the provisions that my colleagues on my side of the aisle have indicated are the most troubling to them. Together, we worked on two amendments. The amendment passed in committee resulted in more than half of the Democrats on the com-mittee supporting the bill. Today I will be offering an amend-ment that will address two concerns that have been most prominently ex-pressed by Democrats and advocates through the amendment I will be pro-posing and answers their main objec-tions. First, the amendment will address concerns over transparency into the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.009 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5234 September 9, 2016 
fund’s policies. It will continue current law that the adviser is required to de-liver a brochure to the client with in-formation about fees and brokerage services and, in turn, deliver that in-formation to the SEC. Second, we are addressing concerns over investor confidence that funds hold the assets that they say they do. The provision that we are removing would have provided a narrow exemp-tion to the annual audit and surprise inspection requirements for some funds, so they will continue to be sub-ject to these after my amendment is, hopefully, adopted. My amendment will ensure that funds continue to receive a third-party look to ensure that the fund has the as-sets it has represented to clients that it has, including that the asset is held in the name of the client. I know that there are other concerns, but after careful consideration, I be-lieve they can be addressed. Opponents say that advisers will no longer keep records of the private securities that are held in custody, but this is actually not accurate. The adviser does need to keep records. These securities are il-liquid and require issuer consent to sell, and these securities will be sub-ject to annual audit and surprise in-spection. Opponents also say that the clients might find that they have a new ad-viser without their consent, but cur-rent law allows for minority stakes in an adviser organized as a partnership to be done without consent. So this provision just treats an LLC and cor-porate structures identically. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, this bill would remove the requirement for pri-vate equity funds to submit certain in-formation on Form PF to the FSOC; but that information is intended to capture funds that have built up lever-aged and risky positions that pose a systemic risk through counterparty ex-posure. This is very different from the business model of private equity firms. I know that for those Members who supported H.R. 1105 in the last Con-gress, this should actually be easier be-cause it provides a very narrow, tar-geted relief. I voted against H.R. 1105, but I support this bill after thinking carefully about it and the changes. The bill received the support of more than half the Democrats on the Finan-cial Services Committee, and I hope that many more Democrats will sup-port this bill on the floor after my amendment has been adopted. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill that will support businesses and economic growth around the country. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, investors, consumer advo-cates, public pension funds, and others have spoken on H.R. 5424, and they have deemed it to be harmful. Let me read for you a few excerpts from opposition letters received by the House of Representatives. First of all, let me tell you who they are: Ameri-cans for Financial Reform; the Amer-ican Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees; the American Federation of Teachers; the Consumer Federation of America; Communica-tions Workers of America; and U.S. PIRG. ‘‘Far from modernizing the regula-tion of investment advisers, this legis-lation would roll back the clock to the years before private fund advisers were subject to elementary oversight meas-ures, measures that numerous docu-mented abuses have shown to be nec-essary for investor protection. The laundry list of regulatory exemptions in this bill would enable the exploi-tation of investors, possibly including outright fraud. It would also reduce the information available to regulators to address systemic risk.’’ North American Securities Adminis-trators Association, Incorporated, these are our State securities regu-lators, the cops on the beat policing Main Street from financial crime, let me give you their quote: ‘‘Although the bill purports to be an updating of the framework for the reg-ulation of investment advisers, it is in fact little more than an effort to shield advisers to private funds from the scru-tiny of SEC registration and examina-tion oversight.’’ Let’s hear what CalPERS has to say: ‘‘We believe that H.R. 5424 would erode the Dodd-Frank provisions that estab-lished greater transparency into pri-vate equity funds, protected investors against fraud by fund advisers, and en-hanced the ability of regulators to ef-fectively monitor systemic risk in the private fund industry.’’ CalSTRS: ‘‘This current legislation amends the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to purportedly ‘modernize’ certain requirements related to private equity advisers. In actuality, this proposed legislation would roll back important investor protections provided to funds, in terms of transparency and oversight by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission.’’ Let’s hear from the Institutional Limited Partners Association: ‘‘The ILPA believes that the changes to mandatory disclosures and other re-quirements as proposed in H.R. 5424 would be counterproductive to pro-viding institutional limited partners with the transparency they need to en-sure alignment of interest in their pri-vate equity fund investments, and to carry out their duty to protect the in-terests of millions of beneficiaries of these investments—retirees, policy-holders, nonprofit and educational in-stitutions.’’ Let’s hear from the Council Institu-tional Investors: ‘‘H.R. 5424 rolls back important transparency and reporting require-ments that we and many of our mem-bers believe are critical to investor protection. For example, section 3(b) of H.R. 5424 would provide exceptions for private equity and hedge funds from existing disclosure requirements on Form PF, a confidential form used by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Com-mission and other regulators to track risks in the financial system.’’ Let’s hear from Public Citizen: ‘‘This bill allows investment advisers to es-cape current safeguards designed to re-duce inflated sales pitches or obfusca-tion of investment risks. Specifically, investment advisers need to make sure that potential private equity investors have basic sales documents such as the company prospectus before consum-mating a sale. Investors in private funds should be accorded ample infor-mation. The bill also frustrates efforts by investors to gain access to company records in so-called books-and-records requests.’’ Unite Here: ‘‘H.R. 5424 is an invita-tion for private equity managers to make false and misleading statements to the public. At a time when the near-ly $4 trillion private equity industry should become more transparent, H.R. 5424 would enable it to become more opaque, putting workers, retirees, and the general public at risk.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ). Chairman H ENSARLING has done so much to promote pro-growth policies in the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5424. I want to thank the gentleman from Vir-ginia for his leadership and the gen-tleman from Illinois as well. This is a strong, bipartisan bill out of the House Financial Services Com-mittee having passed on a vote of 47–12, which means 80 percent of the members of the House Financial Services Com-mittee, including over half of the Democrats, support this commonsense, pro-growth, pro-jobs legislation. Mr. Speaker, as children—including my own—all across this Nation go back to school, we would be negligent if we didn’t acknowledge the latest report card that Americans received on our economy less than 2 weeks ago. The re-port card shows our economy growing at a measly 1.1 percent, roughly one- third of its normal growth. In other words, it has received a failing grade, Mr. Speaker. One economics writer has said the report suggests ‘‘the economy could be on the brink of recession.’’ Americans deserve better. Hard-working Americans do deserve better. Again, economic growth has been far stronger in our country. The economy grew on an average of 3.7 percent dur-ing every other recovery in the postwar era. But growth has averaged nearly 2 percent in the last 7 years, and even worse, about 1 percent so far this year. It is just more evidence that the econ-omy is not working for working Ameri-cans. They have seen their paycheck 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.011 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5235 September 9, 2016 
shrink, and they have seen their wages stagnate. Seven years after recession ended, nearly 14 million Americans are unemployed or underemployed. I am confident that all of us—Repub-licans and Democrats alike—want this to change. We want to help Americans who are struggling, who are under-employed and unemployed. We have to lift the nearly 7 million additional Americans who have been thrown into poverty during these last 7 years. We must help them. We know—or should know—that nothing helps the poor, the unemployed, and the underemployed like economic growth. Growth means more jobs, more growth means higher average wages, more growth means less government borrowing, and growth en-ables Americans to achieve the dream of financial independence. But if we want to ignite growth and revive our struggling economy, the an-swer is not more debt, more spending, or more onerous regulations from Washington. Instead, we need more en-trepreneurs, more innovation, and more small business expansion on Main Street. So at this time, when record levels of debt and Federal regulation hinder growth and slow our economy, it is critical for us to find bipartisan solutions—not always easy to come by—that will accelerate growth and get our economy back on track. Mr. Speaker, we have exactly that kind of bill before us today. Again, it is a bipartisan bill supported and spon-sored by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT), Mr. V ARGAS of California from the Democratic side of the aisle, Mr. S
TIVERS of Ohio from the Repub-lican side of the aisle, and Mr. F
OSTER  of Illinois from the Democratic side of the aisle. I have the honor of serving with all four of these gentlemen on the House Financial Services Committee, and I thank them for their bipartisan work on this bill. Again, this passed in our committee 47–12. Over half the Democrats on the committee support the bill—80 percent of the committee. There is no reason why every Member of the House shouldn’t approve this bipartisan In-vestment Advisers Modernization Act because, Mr. Speaker, again, it is bi-partisan, it is pragmatic, and it is com-monsense. It simply updates portions of a 76-year-old law by updating regula-tions that have made it harder for the job growth engine of America—our small businesses—to access the capital they need to create jobs on Main Street. b1000 We know, again, that small busi-nesses across the country are strug-gling to find investment and financing options that enable them to open their doors, hire workers, and succeed. They are struggling, again, because of a growing regulatory burden imposed by Washington, by a Washington-knows- best mentality. Witnesses have testified before our committee, Mr. Speaker, that there has been a serious decline in loans from banks to small businesses over the past few years, and our Nation has gone a decade—a decade—with no growth in the value of small business loans. It is not surprising that, during the second quarter of this year, one of every three small-business owners said they had to transfer personal assets to keep their businesses running, accord-ing to a recent report from Pepperdine University. This same report found that 50 percent of small-business own-ers said their growth opportunities are restricted by the current business fi-nancing environment. As a small-business owner, my home-town of Dallas wrote me recently: ‘‘We have seen wave after wave of Federal regulations affecting our ability to grow.’’ Another small business owner from the town of Chandler, in the Fifth District I have the privilege of rep-resenting, summed up the economic harm caused by Washington’s regu-latory burden this way: ‘‘No one can keep up.’’ In order for the economy to grow for small businesses to create jobs that Americans need, we have to remove un-necessary regulations that tie up pri-vate capital and cause economic uncer-tainty. We must put in their place poli-cies that encourage investment, inno-vation, and entrepreneurial spirit that makes America a beacon of oppor-tunity for all. Again, Mr. Speaker, we have a bipar-tisan bill before us having passed 47–12, 80 percent of our committee having ap-proved. It is a modest, but important, step in the right direction. But as one witness told us: It will go a long way towards facilitating capital formation while maintaining our commitment to investor protection. I urge all of my colleagues to support the bipartisan bill. By doing so, they will remove unnecessary burdens on our small businesses, and we will help grow not only the American economy but the Main Street economy as well. I thank Members on both sides of the aisle for their bipartisan work on this very, very strong bill. And I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his leader-ship and for yielding the time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think I heard my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle reference Main Street, but I did not hear him de-scribe who his Main Street is, and we don’t know who he is talking about. Let me just remind the Members one more time who is opposing this bill— this is truly representative of Main Street—AFL–CIO; American Federa-tion of Teachers; American Federation of State, County and Municipal Em-ployees; Americans for Financial Re-form; Communications Workers of America; Consumer Federation of America; Council of Institutional In-vestors; CalPERS; CalSTRS; Institu-tional Limited Partners Association; North American Securities Adminis-trators Association; Public Citizen; UNITE HERE; United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW; and U.S. Public Interest Research Group. We have opposition from working people, from the real people of Main Street, on this legislation. I think, as Members begin to read and look at this bill, they will understand how dan-gerous it is and how we would be roll-ing back the clock, jeopardizing the re-forms that we have made with Dodd- Frank, and also taking us back to un-dermining the SEC in extraordinary ways. Recently, Mr. Speaker, there was an investigative series initiated by The New York Times looking into the oper-ations of private equity firms. I would like to read for you a few key excerpts from the articles which I think might highlight the need for further regula-tion of private equity and not the rollbacks we see today in H.R. 5424. This is from a June 25, 2016, article titled: ‘‘When You Dial 911 and Wall Street Answers.’’ ‘‘Since the 2008 financial crisis, pri-vate equity firms, the ‘corporate raid-ers’ of an earlier era, have increasingly taken over a wide array of civic and fi-nancial services that are central to American life. ‘‘Unlike other for-profit companies, which often have years of experience making a product or offering a service, private equity is primarily skilled in making money. And in many of these businesses, The Times found, private equity firms applied a sophisticated moneymaking playbook: a mix of cost cuts, price increases, lobbying and liti-gation. ‘‘In emergency care and firefighting, this approach creates a fundamental tension: the push to turn a profit while caring for people in their most vulner-able moments.’’ This article then goes on to describe how response times slowed and lives were put in danger—and I am talking about the response time of fire depart-ments that are now controlled by eq-uity funds—when these profit-hungry Wall Street firms took over essential public health services, like ensuring ambulances arrived to victims on time. From an article titled, ‘‘How Housing’s New Players Spiraled into Banks’ Old Mistakes,’’ dated June 26, 2016: ‘‘When the housing crisis sent the American economy to the brink of dis-aster in 2008, millions of people lost their homes. The banking system had failed homeowners and their families. ‘‘New investors soon swept in—main-ly private equity firms—promising to do better. ‘‘But some of these new investors are repeating the mistakes that banks committed throughout the housing cri-sis, an investigation by The New York Times has found. They are quickly foreclosing on homeowners. They are losing families’ mortgage paperwork, much as the banks did. And many of these practices were enabled by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.012 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5236 September 9, 2016 
federal government, which sold tens of thousands of discounted mortgages to private equity investors, while making few demands on how they treated struggling homeowners. ‘‘The rising importance of private eq-uity in the housing market is one of the most consequential trans-formations of the post-crisis American financial landscape. A home, after all, is the single largest investment most families will ever make. ‘‘Private equity firms, and the mort-gage companies they own, face less oversight than the banks. And yet they are the cleanup crew for the worst housing crisis since the Great Depres-sion.’’ The article then goes on to describe how private equity firms can squeeze fees out of homeowners during every stage of the foreclosure process, often through conflicts of interest that make foreclosure more profitable than pro-viding sustainable loan modifications. Mr. Speaker, this investigated series by The New York Times exposes prac-tices that I think no credible Member of Congress would want to be associ-ated with. This is horrible that we could even think that we are allowing our citizens to be placed at risk and their lives jeopardized because we have a private equity firm that is brought up and is now in control of critical services to our citizens, and they have to do it and make a profit. The way they make that profit is they cut back on personnel, equipment, machinery, or whatever it takes to turn that dol-lar. I am absolutely amazed that any Member of Congress would dare to think about supporting this kind of legislation that would allow these practices not only to continue in ways that I have described, and let me just remind you, I don’t know how we can soon forget the crisis that this country experienced in 2008 when we had this subprime meltdown and we had so many foreclosures, so many families that were literally put on the streets because they lost their home because of practices that were not regulated by this government. This is amazing. This is absolutely amazing, and it is outrageous. I believe when the Members who come to vote today take a look at the fine print that they will understand what is happening here today. I think even if some Mem-bers thought they could, or should, support this bill, I think they are going to change their minds. And while it is being touted as a bipartisan effort, I don’t think so. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here today to talk about what is very essential in America, and that is getting people to work and cre-ating opportunities. Small businesses are essential to America’s economic competitiveness. Not only do they employ half the Na-tion’s private sector, but they also cre-ate two-thirds of the net jobs in our country. Unfortunately, in recent years, small businesses have been slow to recover from a recession and credit crisis that has hit them especially hard. Unlike large enterprises that can obtain funds from commercial debt and equity mar-kets, small businesses must often rely on their own personal assets, retained earnings, community banks, and credit unions for needed capital. Last month, in the great city of Santa Clarita, I hosted my annual small business conference and expo. The conference was designed to hear from constituents exactly what was happening and their problems in small businesses. After listening to small- business owners and employees talk about the challenges they face, it was very evident that overregulation and lack of access to capital were the big-gest issues. That is why I applaud and support Mr. HURT’s work on H.R. 5424, the In-vestment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016. The Investment Advisers Act has proven to be a duplicative burden that not only drives up costs but also blocks an efficient allocation of cap-ital. We need to modernize these laws so that we can remove existing barriers and tailor our policy to help facilitate capital formation. H.R. 5424 would do exactly that. The legislation takes into consideration the business model of to-day’s private equity and not one from 70 years ago. I look forward to continuing my work with Mr. H
URT, and with all of my colleagues here in the House, on commonsense measures like the In-vestment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, so that we can ensure our small businesses can grow and employ more of our neighbors. Again, Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5424, and ask my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill because access to cap-ital is not a partisan issue, it is some-thing that we need and will help our small businesses. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as such time as I may consume. I will remind the Members that N
ANCY PELOSI , our leader, has weighed in on this pretty heavily. She doesn’t weigh in on a lot of things, but she has put out an advisory here today titled: H.R. 5424, a House GOP giveaway to the shadow banking industry. We have from the administration that a Presidential veto will take place on this legislation should it get to his desk. This morning’s debate illustrates Re-publican’s misguided priorities. When we are here in Washington, the Amer-ican public expects us to address the pressing needs of our Nation and not waste our time with Wall Street give-aways that the financial crisis taught us is neither prudent nor without dev-astating consequences. Why is it that the interest of Wall Street takes high priority when we re-turn from our break? b1015 Why aren’t we talking about home-lessness? Why aren’t we talking about Flint? Why aren’t we talking about Zika? Why aren’t we talking about Baton Rouge? I will tell you that there are those who think, perhaps, they have to take care of Wall Street, that it comes first, but I do not think so. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. In closing, I urge all of the Members of this body to support this good bill. Let’s remember where we started with this registration requirement for private equity. In the Dodd-Frank Act, in the aftermath of the financial crisis, private equity was swept into the Dodd-Frank Act in an effort, osten-sibly, to try to stop future systemic crises in the United States’ markets. As a consequence, over the last couple of years, we have introduced legisla-tion to repeal that registration re-quirement. This bill does not do that. Those efforts were bipartisan in na-ture. They were designed to promote more investment in jobs across this country, but that was met with resist-ance. Registration is now a fact of life. There are Members on the other side who did not support our previous ef-forts, Mr. FOSTER being one of them. As has been said, we have more than half of the Democrats on the Financial Services Committee supporting this legislation because it is not a repeal of the registration requirement. What it is, in fact, is a streamlining of a 76- year-old law that has made it more dif-ficult for investment funds to be able to be successful. This bill is not about rolling back in-vestor protection. In fact, investor pro-tection will still be strong. The SEC has the power to bring enforcement ac-tions. Nothing has been done, again, to repeal the registration requirement. These firms will still continue to have to be registered. This is not about in-vestor protection. All of the antifraud provisions that are currently in Fed-eral securities law will continue to apply. This is about teachers. It is about firefighters. This is about the pension funds in these investment funds that have had success over the last 10 years. These have been the places where these pension funds have, in fact, invested because they have been solid-per-forming funds. That is good for teach-ers and firefighters and their retire-ments. That is what this bill is about. It is about making it easier for these funds to be successful so that they can bring back those returns for the retire-ments of our teachers and our fire-fighters. At the end of the day, probably as important as anything to me are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.014 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5237 September 9, 2016 
jobs that are created all across this country because of the investments of these funds—places like Main Street in Martinsville, Virginia, where we have seen, over the last 15 years, unemploy-ment as high as 25 percent. There have been investments in places like South-side, Virginia, that have created jobs, that have grown companies. That is what this bill is about. It is about those jobs in Martinsville, Vir-ginia. It is about those families in Martinsville, Virginia, or in Rocky Mount, or in Charlottesville, in Vir-ginia’s Fifth District. That is what this bill is about. That is why it has gar-nered strong bipartisan support on our committee, and I hope it will garner strong bipartisan support today on this floor. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposi-tion to H.R. 5424, the so-called ‘‘Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016.’’ Regret-tably, instead of modernizing the regulation of investment advisors, as the bill’s title sug-gests, the legislation under consideration today would take us back to a time when there was minimal transparency and reporting requirements for private firms such as private equity and hedge funds. Over the past few months, I have been fol-lowing the New York Times investigative se-ries that exposed abuses by the private equity industry that impact our daily lives. I am con-cerned that private equity firms are now over-taking our fire departments, our ambulance services, our public water services, and our mortgage market. The influence of these pri-vate firms in services that traditionally have been provided by our government is resulting in slower reaction times for emergency serv-ices, aggressive collection practices, and the type of foreclosure abuse that we saw before the 2008 financial crisis. Given the increased influence of these firms in our daily lives, it is critical that we do not roll back crucial over-sight and transparency requirements through this legislation. I served on the Financial Services Com-mittee during the 2008 financial crisis. I wit-nessed the harmful impact that the lack of reg-ulation had on hard-working families around our nation. I had the honor of helping to re-form our financial system through the enact-ment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (The Dodd- Frank Act). The Dodd-Frank Act increased the transparency of private funds by requiring in-creased reporting and compliance require-ments. Unfortunately, this legislation would destroy much of the hard work we did through the Dodd-Frank Act. According to Americans for Financial Reform, the regulatory exemptions included in this bill would enable the exploi-tation of investors and would reduce the infor-mation available to regulators to address sys-temic risk. Specifically, this harmful legislation removes certain requirements made applicable by the Dodd-Frank Act to investment advisers to private equity funds and hedge funds, so that they do not have to notify their investors of ownership changes, report certain informa-tion on large private equity funds in their sys-temic risk reports to the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or annually deliver plain- text disclosures to clients. It also exempts these private funds from the annual inde-pendent audit requirement, which was strengthened by the Securities and Exchange Commission following the Bernie Madoff scan-dal. A quarter of the investments in private eq-uity funds comes from public pensions, which invest the retirement savings of our nation’s teachers and firefighters. We cannot repeal these important protections for our nation’s public servants. In closing, this harmful bill would provide regulatory relief for an industry that needs more regulation. It is a dangerous step in the wrong direction. This is why I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT PRINTED IN PART B OF HOUSE  
REPORT 114 –725 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 6, strike line 14 and all that follows through page 7, line 5. Page 7, strike line 18 and all that follows through ‘‘Consistent with’’ on page 9, line 16, and insert ‘‘Regulations, consistent with’’. Page 9, beginning on line 20, strike ‘‘the Commission shall,’’. Page 9, line 23, insert ‘‘, so as to’’ after ‘‘such section’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 844, the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) for working with me on this bill. Mr. Speaker, the amendment that I am proposing addresses two of the con-cerns that have been most prominently expressed by Democrats and advocates, including the two major objections that the administration’s statement, which opposed this bill before the amendment, highlighted. I hope this will lead most of the Caucus to join me in voting for this bipartisan bill after my amendment addresses the chief concerns voiced by my colleagues. First, the amendment will address concerns over transparency into the fund’s policies. It will continue current law that the adviser is required to de-liver a brochure to the client with in-formation about fees and brokerage services and, in turn, deliver that in-formation to the SEC. Second, my amendment will address concerns over investor confidence that the funds hold the assets that they say they do. It removes a provision that would have provided a narrow exemp-tion from the annual audit or surprise inspection requirements for some funds; so they will now, with this amendment, continue to be fully sub-ject to annual audits and surprise in-spections. My amendment will ensure that the funds continue to receive a third-party look to confirm the assets it has represented to clients, including that the asset is actually held in the name of the client. These are the two concerns most prominently expressed, but I know there are others. After careful consideration, I do not believe that they are problematic or should prevent Members from sup-porting this bill. The adviser does need to keep records on the securities in its custody. The securities eligible to be held in its custody are illiquid and will be subject to the annual audit or sur-prise inspection. Funds that have built up leveraged and risky positions that could pose a systemic risk through counterparty exposure and other mech-anisms will still be required to submit the additional information on Form PF to the FSOC. My amendment will remove the pro-visions that had been the main features for the opposition during this process, so I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative FOSTER and his staff for working with us on this measure and for making it a truly bi-partisan effort, for which I am grateful. This amendment is simple; yet, much like the amendment that was offered by Representative F
OSTER during the July markup of this bill, it helps al-leviate some outstanding concerns, and it helps ensure that the legislation con-tinues to gain bipartisan support. This amendment would remove two sections: First, it would remove the brochure delivery changes that were made a part of this bill. While I believe the private fund sponsors already disclose substan-tial information in their private place-ment memoranda, which are included in the books and records requirements that advisers are required to maintain, there was concern that removing the requirement that advisers complete and deliver a brochure and a brochure supplement to a client that is a limited partnership or otherwise would make it more difficult for the SEC to conduct examinations and compile information. The second change would remove the first part of the custody rule changes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:03 Nov 15, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\SEP2016\H09SE6.REC H09SE6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5238 September 9, 2016 
that were made in the bill. The legisla-tion would, as reported, require the SEC to provide additional exemptions to the custody rule, which will gen-erally require an adviser of a pooled in-vestment vehicle to have an inde-pendent accountant conduct surprise or scheduled audits every year of its clients’ funds and securities. While I believe that the proposed exemption is carefully tailored to limit its scope to persons with whom the fund sponsor has a close relationship, there were concerns about the level of connected-ness and how far current SEC staff guidance could be extended. This is an issue that should continue to be evalu-ated as, I believe, the current SEC guidance is too narrow, and the cost of the audit is often greater than the in-vestor protection it provides. While I think there are serious policy merits to the legislation as reported, I do think that these two changes that have been proposed by Mr. F
OSTER al-leviate some concerns and help make the bill even more bipartisan than it was when it received the strong vote that it did in the Financial Services Committee. I support this amendment, and I thank the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. F
OSTER ) for offering this amendment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Illinois has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. S
INEMA ). Ms. SINEMA. Thank you to Chair-man H
ENSARLING , Ranking Member W
ATERS , and Congressmen H URT, FOS-
TER, VARGAS , and S TIVERS for all of their work on this bipartisan legisla-tion to streamline the antiquated regu-latory framework for private equity fund advisers while maintaining appro-priate industry oversight and investor protections. Private equity investors across the country provide billions of dollars each year to Main Street businesses, and over 11 million Americans work for pri-vate equity-backed businesses. Last year alone, private equity firms in-vested an estimated $18 billion in more than 60 Arizona-based companies. To-gether, these companies support over 130,000 workers and their families. GoDaddy is the world’s largest do-main name register with more than 12 million customers, and like thousands of large and small American busi-nesses, GoDaddy is a private equity- backed company. Last month, I visited their Tempe, Arizona, facility in my district. It is a state-of-the-art com-plex that promotes collaboration and innovation, and it employs over 1,000 Arizonans, including engineers, devel-opers, and small business consultants. With the help and investment of pri-vate equity, GoDaddy will create hun-dreds of quality technology jobs for years to come. By providing narrowly targeted regu-latory relief to private equity fund ad-visers, this legislation improves the flow of capital to businesses in every community and in every district in the United States. This bill passed out of the House Financial Services Com-mittee on a bipartisan vote. Following the committee vote, we worked to-gether on a bipartisan fix to address two specific concerns. First, the amendment strikes the bill’s narrow exemption from the an-nual audit or surprise inspection re-quirements for some funds, ensuring that investors are able to verify that funds actually contain particular in-vestments as claimed. Second, the amendment ensures that advisers will continue to deliver a plain language narrative brochure annually to both clients and the SEC. All currently registered investment advisers remain subject to SEC reg-istration and examination and the antifraud provisions of the Investment Advisers Act. This legislation does not reduce the SEC’s authority to examine or to bring enforcement actions against private fund managers or eliminate any of the tools that the SEC has to pursue such actions. Further, private equity funds invest in compa-nies for several years and, therefore, do not present systemic risks. Private equity-backed businesses are a key driving force behind our econ-omy, making critical national and local economic contributions. We must work together to create an environ-ment that enables these companies to grow and succeed and expand opportu-nities for hardworking Americans. Thank you again to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work on this important legislation. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M
ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I support the Foster amendment that has been offered by my good friend and colleague from Illi-nois, and I thank him for his hard work in responding to concerns that the Democrats raised. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for accepting the amend-ment and Congressman H
URT for ac-cepting the amendment. This amendment removes a provision in the bill that would exempt certain funds from the annual audit require-ment of the custody rule. The custody rule is a longstanding investor protec-tion that guards against outright theft of clients’ funds, so I think that is a very huge burden of proof if you want to even think about rolling it back. There are so many ways to comply with the custody rule, but this bill without the Foster amendment would allow certain advisers to be exempt from having an annual audit, from hav-ing an annual surprise exam, and the requirement to hold a client’s securi-ties at an independent qualified custo-dian. In other words, it would exempt certain advisers from all of the protec-tions of the custody rule. I think that is a bridge too far, and I am so pleased that Mr. FOSTER ’s amendment would remove this provision. It makes it a much better bill. I still have concerns about the re-maining provisions of the bill, but I think that this amendment is a huge step in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support the Foster amendment. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I close simply by saying that I have cer-tainly appreciated being able to work with Mr. F
OSTER on this over the last several months. I appreciate his leader-ship on the issue, and I hope this body will approve this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1030 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. TORRES. I am opposed in its current form. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Torres moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5424 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 8. REPORT ON EMERGENCY VEHICLE RE-SPONSE TIMES OF COMPANIES OWNED BY PRIVATE FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204(b) of the In-vestment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 4(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) R
EPORT ON EMERGENCY VEHICLE RE -
SPONSE TIMES OF COMPANIES OWNED BY PRI -
VATE FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each investment adviser required to file annual or other reports under this section and who advises a private fund that owns a controlling interest in an emer-gency services company shall, not less often than annually, disclose to the Commission— ‘‘(i) the change in the average response time of emergency vehicles since the private fund acquired a controlling interest in the emergency services company, disaggregated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.017 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5239 September 9, 2016 
by the response times of emergency vehicles deployed to— ‘‘(I) rural areas; and ‘‘(II) urban areas; ‘‘(ii) if a required response time is estab-lished by a contract for emergency services between the emergency services company and a unit of local government or by an ordi-nance of a unit of local government, the per-centage of response times of emergency vehi-cles deployed by the emergency services company to that unit of local government that do not meet such requirement; and ‘‘(iii) if the response times failed to meet the required response time described under clause (ii), a description of the impact of such failure on the value of the emergency services company to the private fund. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) E
MERGENCY SERVICES COMPANY .—The term ‘emergency services company’ means a company that provides ambulance, fire-fighter, or other emergency services in re-sponse to 9–1–1 calls. ‘‘(ii) E
MERGENCY VEHICLE .—The term ‘emergency vehicle’ means an ambulance, fire engine, or other vehicle deployed in re-sponse to a 9–1–1 call.’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commission shall issue regulations to carry out paragraph (12) of section 204(b) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as added by subsection (a). 
Mrs. TORRES (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, this is a final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, a June 26 New York Times article revealed some of the troubling consequences of private eq-uity firms taking over local emergency services. According to the article, since the 2008 financial crisis, private equity firms are investing in growing numbers in emergency services companies, sometimes with disastrous results. The piece found cases where emergency re-sponse times were so slow, personnel even had time for a cigarette break be-fore arriving to the scene. Some emergency services companies also reported mismanagement, specifi-cally, that their parent companies are not able to pay their salaries or re-stock ambulances with critical medical supplies. My amendment will make sure that there is accountability and trans-parency when private equity firms in-vest in emergency services. My amend-ment will not prohibit private equity funds from investing in these services or place any restrictions on how they choose to invest, nor will it deny the fact that private equity has and can play an important role in investing in companies in communities across our country. It would simply provide reas-surance to our constituents that when they call 911, their lives won’t be put at risk because their local fire or ambu-lance service wants to turn a profit. This motion to recommit would re-quire private equity firms to report the change in response time of emergency vehicles since the private fund ac-quired a controlling interest in the emergency services company. Addi-tionally, the report will require data on the percent of emergency response times that violate contracts entered into by local governments and emer-gency services companies and include an explanation as to why response times did not meet requirements set out in such contracts. At a time when local jurisdictions are struggling to make ends meet and the demands on emergency services are only growing, there is certainly a role for private equity firms to play in making sure our constituents have the services they need and expect. But if a private equity firm decides to invest in an emergency service company, they also take on the responsibility to pro-vide those services to the best of their capacity. As a former 911 dispatcher, I know that when it comes to getting emer-gency personnel to those in need, every second matters. There is no margin of error, and under absolutely no cir-cumstances should profit come before saving lives. I urge my colleagues to support this motion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am just curious where this amendment was during the bipartisan process to bring H.R. 5424 to the floor. I am curi-ous where it was in our committee de-liberations. I am curious why it was never presented to the Rules Com-mittee and we are just seeing it now. Again, H.R. 5424, the Investment Ad-visers Modernization Act, is a bipar-tisan piece of legislation to make sure our small businesses, entrepreneurs, and innovators can access capital. It passed the committee 49–12. More than half of the Democrats supported it. Now we have a motion to recommit that moves it in the complete opposite direction—one more disclosure, dis-claimer, more job-killing regulations to be put upon those who are trying to fund our small businesses, to try to help the working poor better them-selves, to try to help improve the pay-checks and the well-being of middle-in-come America. It is time to reject the motion to re-commit. Let’s work on a bipartisan basis. Let’s pass H.R. 5424. Vote down the motion to recommit. Vote for the bipartisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 36 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1105 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia) at 11 o’clock and 5 minutes a.m. 
f 
JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2040) to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2040 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) International terrorism is a serious and deadly problem that threatens the vital in-terests of the United States. (2) International terrorism affects the interstate and foreign commerce of the United States by harming international trade and market stability, and limiting international travel by United States citi-zens as well as foreign visitors to the United States. (3) Some foreign terrorist organizations, acting through affiliated groups or individ-uals, raise significant funds outside of the United States for conduct directed and tar-geted at the United States. (4) It is necessary to recognize the sub-stantive causes of action for aiding and abet-ting and conspiracy liability under chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Sep 09, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.004 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5240 September 9, 2016 
(5) The decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in Halberstam v. Welch, 705 F.2d 472 (D.C. Cir. 1983), which has been widely recognized as the leading case regarding Federal civil aid-ing and abetting and conspiracy liability, in-cluding by the Supreme Court of the United States, provides the proper legal framework for how such liability should function in the context of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. (6) Persons, entities, or countries that knowingly or recklessly contribute material support or resources, directly or indirectly, to persons or organizations that pose a sig-nificant risk of committing acts of terrorism that threaten the security of nationals of the United States or the national security, for-eign policy, or economy of the United States, necessarily direct their conduct at the United States, and should reasonably antici-pate being brought to court in the United States to answer for such activities. (7) The United States has a vital interest in providing persons and entities injured as a result of terrorist attacks committed within the United States with full access to the court system in order to pursue civil claims against persons, entities, or countries that have knowingly or recklessly provided mate-rial support or resources, directly or indi-rectly, to the persons or organizations re-sponsible for their injuries. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to provide civil litigants with the broadest pos-sible basis, consistent with the Constitution of the United States, to seek relief against persons, entities, and foreign countries, wherever acting and wherever they may be found, that have provided material support, directly or indirectly, to foreign organiza-tions or persons that engage in terrorist ac-tivities against the United States. 
SEC. 3. RESPONSIBILITY OF FOREIGN STATES FOR INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1605A the following: ‘‘§ 1605B. Responsibility of foreign states for international terrorism against the United States ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘international terrorism’— ‘‘(1) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2331 of title 18, United States Code; and ‘‘(2) does not include any act of war (as de-fined in that section). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF FOREIGN STATES .— A foreign state shall not be immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States in any case in which money damages are sought against a foreign state for phys-ical injury to person or property or death oc-curring in the United States and caused by— ‘‘(1) an act of international terrorism in the United States; and ‘‘(2) a tortious act or acts of the foreign state, or of any official, employee, or agent of that foreign state while acting within the scope of his or her office, employment, or agency, regardless where the tortious act or acts of the foreign state occurred. ‘‘(c) C
LAIMS BY NATIONALS OF THE UNITED  S
TATES .—Notwithstanding section 2337(2) of title 18, a national of the United States may bring a claim against a foreign state in ac-cordance with section 2333 of that title if the foreign state would not be immune under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A foreign state shall not be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States under sub-section (b) on the basis of an omission or a tortious act or acts that constitute mere negligence.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1605A the following: ‘‘1605B. Responsibility of foreign states for international terrorism against the United States.’’. (2) Subsection 1605(g)(1)(A) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 1605B’’ after ‘‘but for section 1605A’’. SEC. 4. AIDING AND ABETTING LIABILITY FOR CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) L
IABILITY .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘person’ has the meaning given the term in section 1 of title 1. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—In an action under sub-section (a) for an injury arising from an act of international terrorism committed, planned, or authorized by an organization that had been designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), as of the date on which such act of international terrorism was committed, planned, or authorized, liability may be as-serted as to any person who aids and abets, by knowingly providing substantial assist-ance, or who conspires with the person who committed such an act of international ter-rorism.’’. (b) E
FFECT ON FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNI -
TIES ACT.—Nothing in the amendment made by this section affects immunity of a foreign state, as that term is defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code, from jurisdic-tion under other law. 
SEC. 5. STAY OF ACTIONS PENDING STATE NEGO-TIATIONS. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The courts of the United States shall have exclusive juris-diction in any action in which a foreign state is subject to the jurisdiction of a court of the United States under section 1605B of title 28, United States Code, as added by section 3(a) of this Act. (b) I
NTERVENTION .—The Attorney General may intervene in any action in which a for-eign state is subject to the jurisdiction of a court of the United States under section 1605B of title 28, United States Code, as added by section 3(a) of this Act, for the pur-pose of seeking a stay of the civil action, in whole or in part. (c) S
TAY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A court of the United States may stay a proceeding against a for-eign state if the Secretary of State certifies that the United States is engaged in good faith discussions with the foreign state de-fendant concerning the resolution of the claims against the foreign state, or any other parties as to whom a stay of claims is sought. (2) D
URATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A stay under this section may be granted for not more than 180 days. (B) E
XTENSION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may petition the court for an extension of the stay for additional 180-day periods. (ii) R
ECERTIFICATION .—A court shall grant an extension under clause (i) if the Secretary of State recertifies that the United States remains engaged in good faith discussions with the foreign state defendant concerning the resolution of the claims against the for-eign state, or any other parties as to whom a stay of claims is sought. 
SEC. 6. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amend-ment made by this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the re-mainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendments to any other per-son not similarly situated or to other cir-cumstances, shall not be affected by the holding. SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall apply to any civil action— (1) pending on, or commenced on or after, the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) arising out of an injury to a person, property, or business on or after September 11, 2001. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials to S. 2040, under current consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act has been in-troduced over several successive Con-gresses and has twice passed the Sen-ate. Over the years that this legisla-tion has been considered, I have worked with its sponsors to make the bill’s language more precise in order to ensure that any unintended con-sequences are kept to a minimum. In particular, I have worked to make sure that JASTA’s extension of sec-ondary liability under the Anti-Ter-rorism Act closely tracks the common law standard for aiding and abetting li-ability and is limited to State Depart-ment-designated foreign terrorist orga-nizations. Secondary liability should only at-tach to persons who have actual knowl-edge that they are directly providing substantial assistance to a designated foreign terrorist organization in con-nection with the commission of an act of international terrorism. JASTA, as revised in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, ensures that aiding and abet-ting liability is limited in this manner. In addition to the Anti-Terrorism Act, JASTA amends the Foreign Sov-ereign Immunities Act to waive the sovereign immunity of any country that sponsors an act of international terrorism that causes physical injury on U.S. soil. JASTA makes this change because, under current law, a foreign nation can provide financing and other substantial assistance for a terrorist attack in our country and escape liability so long as the support is provided overseas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.005 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5241 September 9, 2016 
For example, under current law, if the intelligence agency of a foreign government handed a terrorist a bag of money in New York City to support an attack on U.S. soil, the country would be liable under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act’s tort exception right now. However, if we change the fact pattern slightly so that, rather than giving a terrorist money in New York City, the money is provided in Paris, the foreign state will not be subject to liability in U.S. courts. This is a troubling loophole in our antiterrorism laws to say that a ter-rorist attack occurring in the United States, a tort occurring in the United States on U.S. citizens, would not allow U.S. citizens access to their own courts for a tort that occurred in their own country. When Congress enacted the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act in 1976, it put in place a broad set of exceptions to sovereign immunity, including an exception for tort claims involving in-juries occurring in the United States. However, the courts have not consist-ently interpreted those exceptions in such a manner that they cover the sponsoring of a terrorist attack on U.S. soil. JASTA addresses this inconsistency with a concrete rule that is consistent with the nine, longstanding exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity already provided for under U.S. law. JASTA ensures that those, including foreign governments, who sponsor ter-rorist attacks on U.S. soil are held fully accountable for their actions. We can no longer allow those who injure and kill Americans to hide behind legal loopholes, denying justice to the vic-tims of terrorism. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) control the balance of the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league from New York, a senior mem-ber of the committee with whom I have worked for many years, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the September 11, 2001, terrorist attack on the United States was the deadliest foreign attack on American soil in our Nation’s history. Its impact has been immeasurable, as evidenced by the fact that we are still grappling with the cultural and policy implications stemming from the events of that day. And, 15 years on, most Americans continue to feel its searing emotional impact, particularly as the anniversary date approaches this Sun-day. This is especially true for those who lost loved ones or were injured as a result of this horrific attack. They deserve our deepest sympathy and our help. So it is in this vein that we consider S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which, among other things, amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 to create a new exception to the act’s general grant of foreign sovereign immunity. The Judiciary Committee held a hearing on this bill last July, at which the bill’s supporters presented compel-ling and sympathetic arguments in favor of ensuring that the 9/11 families have access to a well-deserved day in court. At the same time, however, the administration and others raised a number of concerns about the bill’s po-tential impact that we should keep in mind. First, the administration, some al-lied nations, and others, assert that the enactment of S. 2040 may lead to retaliation by other countries against the United States, given the breadth of our interests and the expansive reach of our global activities. Secondly, they assert that the bill will hamper cooperation from other na-tions because they may become more reluctant to share sensitive intel-ligence, in light of the greater risk that such information may be revealed in litigation. Moreover, they raise the concern that the bill, effectively, would allow private litigants rather than the gov-ernment to determine foreign and na-tional security policy questions like which states are sponsors of terrorism. Because of the moral imperative of enacting legislation and the serious-ness of the concerns raised, I remain hopeful that we can continue to work with the administration to resolve these issues so that legislation can be signed into law by the President. I also want to acknowledge Rep-resentatives PETER KINGand, particu-larly, J
ERROLD NADLER , and Senators J
OHNCORNYN and C HARLES SCHUMER for their tireless leadership and efforts to achieve congressional passage of this measure. There is no doubt as to the passion they bring for advocating for victims of the September 11, 2001, at-tacks—a passion that I, and many oth-ers, share. b1115 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee, and welcome him back. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Sun-day marks 15 years since America was viciously attacked in 2001. Everyone re-members what they were doing. I was driving my Jeep to the courthouse in Texas, where I was a judge. People stopped on the side of the road because they were listening to the radio about how planes were used as a weapon to attack our Nation. Three thousand Americans and peo-ple from other nations were murdered at the hands of evil, malicious terror-ists, and our country changed forever that day. The lives of those families es-pecially changed, those families that suffered loved ones who were killed and injured and are still injured today. Meanwhile, we are here debating whether or not these families of the victims deserve their basic right, under the Constitution of the U.S., to their day in court, the right to sue the per-petrators. I don’t think there should be much dissenting on this issue. Mr. Speaker, if any foreign govern-ment, if it can be shown to have sup-ported a terrorist attack on U.S. soil, American victims ought to have the right to sue that country. Based on the 28 pages held secret for years, there may be evidence that the country of Saudi Arabia and their officials may have had some involvement in planning the elements of that attack. I don’t know. That is what the courtroom is for. Whether this involvement rises to the level to be held accountable at trial is an issue for a jury of Americans to decide. It is interesting that Saudi Arabia objects to this legislation. Methinks they object too much. Like any other issue, we should let a jury decide the damages, what they should be, whether there should be any at all. The legislation gives the vic-tims’ families access to the courts, to the rule of law, and we, as a people, should be more concerned about these victims of terror than we are about diplomatic niceties with other coun-tries. The voices of the murdered cry out for us to do justice, and justice has been waiting too long; 15 years for jus-tice. Mr. Speaker, justice is what we do in this country, and that is what these victims and their families want. And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased now to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NAD-
LER), who has been working on this issue for such a long time. Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of JASTA. I am proud to be the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill, along-side my friend from New York (Mr. K
ING), and I appreciate all of his hard work on this legislation. On Sunday, we will observe the 15th anniversary of the September 11 ter-rorist attacks, when thousands of Americans were brutally murdered in my district in New York, as well as at the Pentagon, and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. JASTA would help en-sure that those responsible for aiding and abetting those attacks are held ac-countable for their actions. Unfortunately, because of certain court decisions misinterpreting the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and the Anti-Terrorism Act, the 9/11 vic-tims and their families have been un-able to pursue their claims in court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.024 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5242 September 9, 2016 
against some of the parties they be-lieve were responsible for funding the attacks. JASTA simply reinstates what was understood to be the law for 30 years, that foreign states may be brought to justice for aiding and abetting acts of international terrorism that occur on American soil, whether or not the con-duct that facilitated the attack oc-curred in the United States. Think of it this way: some courts have held that if a foreign government agent hands over a $1 million check to al Qaeda in a cafe in New York in order to fund a terrorist attack in the United States, that government can be sued in an American court. But if that same foreign agent funds the same attack by handing over the same $1 million check in a cafe in Geneva, his government should be immune from liability. That makes no sense, and it flies in the face of what had been settled law for many years. We must correct these erroneous court decisions so that any-one who facilitates a terrorist attack on our people can be brought to justice. Let me be clear. This legislation does not prejudge the merits of any par-ticular case. It simply ensures that the 9/11 families, or anyone who may face the same situation, can plead their case in court. Some critics of this bill have argued that if we pass it, other nations may retaliate by enacting similar laws that could subject Americans, or the United States itself, to liability in those coun-tries. I find this argument unpersuasive. The United States does not engage in international terrorist activity and would not face any legal jeopardy if a law like JASTA were en-acted anywhere else. Furthermore, the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, and its well-estab-lished tort exception, have been the law for 40 years. In that time, we sim-ply have not seen the parade of horribles that some critics imagine would happen if this bill were to be-come law. We cannot allow threats from a coun-try that fears being held to account for its actions, and may threaten retalia-tion of some sort, to deny victims of terrorist attacks their day in court. Moreover, this legislation contains a reasonable provision allowing for a stay of court proceedings if the Presi-dent is engaging in good faith negotia-tions to resolve the claim through dip-lomatic channels. We need not fear retaliation from an-other country. This is not the 1790s. The United States is a major power and can hold our own. JASTA is a narrow bill that has been carefully negotiated over the last 6 years, and which passed the Senate unanimously in May. It would provide clarity to the courts, and justice to the victims of 9/11, and it deserves swift passage today. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. KING of New York. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is a great day for America. Let me, at the outset, com-mend Chairman G
OODLATTE for the outstanding work that he has done, for always keeping his word, for being a person we could always count on to do what had to be done, and always told us what he was doing, and always car-ried everything out. So I thank B
OB very much. Let me thank the Speaker of the House, Mr. R
YAN; the Majority Leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY ; the Democratic lead-ers, N
ANCY PELOSI and S TENY HOYER ; and my good friend, J
ERRY NADLER , for being there from day one. Also, let me thank former Congress-man Dan Lungren, who was the origi-nal lead sponsor of this bill going back several years. Let me also thank the 9/11 families for the fact that they have never, ever yielded. They have never stepped back. They have always kept this issue on the front burner at a time when too many Americans choose to look the other way. I especially want to thank Terry Strada and the great work that she has done. Her husband, Tom, her father-in- law, Ernie, and her mother-in-law, Mary Ann, are very good friends. I want to again thank her for the job that she did. And her husband, cer-tainly she is carrying on his name; and Terry, I thank you for that. This is essential. It is essential that justice be done. It is essential that 9/11 families have the right to bring action in American courts. As Judge P
OEsaid, this is the most basic constitutional right. This is an obligation. It is an ob-ligation we, in the Congress, have to not allow foreign lobbyists or foreign countries or anyone else to intimidate us. Justice must be done, and we want to make sure that there are no more 9/11s. This is one more step we can take to show foreign governments they cannot step aside, they cannot walk away when something is carried out, where they are sort of looking the other way to make believe it is not happening. I am not prejudging the case, but the fact is the 9/11 families have the right to have this resolved in court, and I am proud to stand with them. I want to commend my colleague, D
ANDONOVAN . From the day he arrived here in Congress, this has been a major issue for him. The Zadroga Act and JASTA is what propels him and cer-tainly has motivated me. So, again, I want to thank all the 9/11 families for all the work they have done. It is a bipartisan effort. It is an American effort, and we can be very proud as we go into the 15th anniver-sary of the most horrible day in Amer-ica that we have not given up the fight. We will continue to fight and we will win. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. CARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and for all of his hard work on this bill and others. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his hard work in helping to bring it to the floor. I thank my colleagues from New York, Congressmen K
INGand N ADLER , for their hard work. This is an important, important bill, and I rise today, 2 days before the 15th anniversary of 9/11, to express my strong support for the passage of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The attacks of 9/11 were acts of ap-palling cruelty. They targeted, know-ingly and specifically, innocent Ameri-cans who just got up and went to work like every other American and were killed on 9/11. Though the hijackers of those planes died that day, it is virtually indis-putable that people who conspired with them in the planning, preparation, exe-cution, and financing of those horrific acts walk the streets freely in foreign capitals today. In fact, they are protected by a pecu-liar interpretation of international law that shields them from justice in U.S. courts for terrorist acts on U.S. soil. This bill, a version of which passed the Senate unanimously, would correct misinterpretations of previous legisla-tion and lower court decisions, and em-power survivors and families of the vic-tims of international terrorism to seek a measure of justice through our civil court system. This bill is needed because both the Congress and the executive have af-firmed that civil litigation against ter-ror sponsors, including governments, can have an important deterrent effect. This bill is also mindful of the con-cerns some have about its possible ef-fect on sovereign immunity. For that reason, it is narrowly focused and ap-plies only to attacks committed on U.S. soil that harm U.S. nationals. The attacks of 9/11 were roundly con-demned by people and governments around the world, so this bill is needed not just for the families of those who died in New York and at the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania, but it is needed by people around the world. We know we lost, roughly, 3,000 peo-ple on 9/11, but thousands and thou-sands more have died since the attacks because of the diseases that they now have because of being exposed to the toxins down at Ground Zero. Now they are predicting that, roughly, 15 people a day are concerned because cancer is now in their bodies from the exposure. So our people are still suffering. Fifteen years is a long time to wait. This bill is needed. Justice, we need justice. I think it is a strong deterrent. I am proud of the United States Con-gress and the legislative body of this country for standing up and passing this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.026 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5243 September 9, 2016 
I strongly urge my colleagues to not forget and to support overwhelmingly this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Justice Against Foreign Terrorists Act spon-sored by Mr. K
INGof New York. As we approach the 15th anniversary of the horrific terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, it is appropriate that we, in Congress, are finally authorizing that victims from that terrible day have the right to pursue full justice in our courts of law. I am a lawyer and I have worked with constitutional and statutory issues. This legislation does not convict any one person or any one nation, but it gives the loved ones of those who died recourse for full justice and compensa-tion. New Jersey lost more than 700 resi-dents in the attacks, 81 of them from communities I represent here in Con-gress. I know some of those names, and I know all of those communities. They deserve their day in court, and they de-serve the assistance of the Federal Government in being as transparent as possible with the evidence and the in-telligence. The truth is the truth, and it is time that we all know this. This measure passed the United States Senate with unanimous support, yet there are some who believe that the White House may threaten to veto the legislation, citing how it may com-promise our relationship with certain other nations. This is backward logic. Those nations should recognize the fundamental justice and legal remedies against a terrorist network that killed more than 3,000 Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I am sure this will pass overwhelmingly, perhaps unanimously, in a bipartisan fashion. b1130 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, look around the world. In Europe, in Asia, in the Middle East, and in Africa, wher-ever you see evidence of radical Islam, that extremism can usually be traced to preachers of hate from Saudi Arabia. The Kingdom has blood on its hands. Is it the blood of the victims of 9/11? Possibly. Fifteen of the nineteen hi-jackers were Saudis. Some Saudis were permitted to flee this country without thorough interviews. ‘‘Saudi Arabia has long been considered the primary source of funding for al Qaeda.’’ [The 9/11 Commission Report, p. 171] Intelligence Committee Chair Sen-ator Bob Graham saw ‘‘a direct line be-tween at least some of the terrorists who carried out the September 11 at-tacks and the Government of Saudi Arabia.’’ [Saudi Arabia May Be Tied to 9/11, 2 Ex-Senators Say; New York Times; Feb. 29. 2012] But evaluating all of this evi-dence, the evidence of both sides, is why we have a judicial system in the first place. And for our government to obstruct the 9/11 victims—their fami-lies—from seeking the truth about Saudi Arabia and its involvement is just flat wrong. Some in our government have tried to hide as much as they could for as long as they could about the Saudis. Ignoring Saudi treachery, we had a President who literally held hands with the Crown Prince while attacking an-other country in the biggest foreign policy disaster in our Nation’s history that continues to plague us. The Muslims that I know, who are my neighbors in Texas, and those with whom I meet here in Washington, do not deserve blanket blame for them-selves or for Islam, but neither should there be blanket immunity for those who may have committed wrong. I salute the bipartisan sponsors of this legislation. Give these 9/11 families their day in court and accord the Saudis all of the rights in a judicial proceeding that they so regularly deny their own citizens. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, to begin, I would like to acknowledge and thank Speaker R
YAN, Chairman G OOD-
LATTE , and Chairman U PTON . I have been a Member of this distinguished in-stitution for only 16 months, and, in that time, they have done right by the heroes I represent in Congress. I thank them, and the thousands of heroes and their families from my district thank them as well. My good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING), has been a fierce advocate for all 9/11 heroes and their families for the last 15 years, and it is an honor to stand by his side. I would like to read into the R
ECORD  part of a letter written to me last week by Lori Mascali, the widow of fire-fighter, and my good friend, Joseph Mascali from New York City Fire De-partment’s Rescue 5: ‘‘It’s Sunday morning, and the smell of coffee fills the air as I wait to hear the sound of the key in the front door. I know that sound of that key will be followed by the words, ‘I’m home,’ and my heart is excited. No longer do I hear the sound of the key in the door on a Sunday morning. No longer do I hear the simple words, ‘I’m home.’ Sov-ereign immunity should not be allowed as a shield of protection for persons or nations that fund terrorists and cause mass murder. JASTA must be passed to send a strong message to all nations: if you fund terrorism, there will be ac-countability.’’ Mr. Speaker, this bill is about giving victims of terror attacks on United States soil their day in court and the chance to hold everybody account-able—including foreign governments that may have been involved. 9/11 devastated families in my dis-trict—and for me, their priorities are my priorities. I support this bill, and ask my colleagues to join me in voting for passage. As my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) said, the President has threatened to veto this bill, but, for those Americans who have earned the right for justice, I hope he has the con-viction and courage to sign JASTA into law. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago, my Congressional District lost 200 men and women—families named Downey, fami-lies named Murphy, families named Uggiano, and so many other families. In the years since, those who responded to that act of terror have been getting sicker and sicker and sicker. They all deserve justice, Mr. Speak-er. You get justice on the battlefield. You can get justice in the courtroom. This bill ensures that they have the right to justice in the courtroom. For that simple and very profound reason, I support this bill. I was pleased to co-sponsor the bill with my friend from New York (Mr. K
ING). Mr. Speaker, I urge the President not to veto this bill. I thank my friend from Michigan. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his extraordinary work on this legislation, Mr. C
ONYERS , and, of course, P
ETER KINGwho has been ab-solutely tenacious picking up the good work that Dan Lungren, a former member of Congress and Attorney Gen-eral of California, had done on this leg-islation previously. This is a bipartisan piece of legisla-tion, and it has to be signed by the President. I certainly hope—echoing comments of the previous speaker— that the President will, indeed, sign it into law. This bill holds the promise of some measure of justice for the victims of al Qaeda’s horrific terrorist attack on the United States 15 years ago this Sun-day. Time has not diminished the suf-fering of those who have lost loved ones on that day, nor has it brought ac-countability and, certainly, has not brought closure. This bill aims to change that to some degree by overturning the legal chal-lenges that have stood between the vic-tims and the justice they rightly seek from foreign governments and individ-uals suspected of financing the 9/11 at-tacks. I have worked extensively with the 9/11 survivors and the family members. I have worked with the Jersey Girls, as they became known, who pushed so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.027 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5244 September 9, 2016 
hard for the 9/11 Commission that was chaired by my former Governor Tom Kean, who did yeoman’s work to get to the bottom of what happened and what we might do to mitigate such a crisis going forward. Unfortunately, there still are gaps, and this is one of those gaping holes that need to be closed. Here today are some of those family members, many of them widows: Kathy Wisniewski, who works on my staff who lost her son, Alan; Mindy Kleinberg; Lorie Van Auken; Monica Gabrielle; and Carol Ashley are here in the Chamber and have pushed so hard for this legislation. Not here but here in spirit: Kristen Breitweiser, Patty Casazza, and Sheila Martello. Mary and Frank Fetchet also are with us. They lost their son Brad. These are people who have said ‘‘never again’’ needs to mean never again so no other Americans would suf-fer what they have endured at the loss of their loved ones. This is why this legislation is another major step for-ward. Look at the Foreign Sovereign Im-munities Act and the impediments that it has placed. As some of my colleagues have said earlier, we just want in court to be able to get at the truth: who was part of the facilitating and the financ-ing of the 9/11 murderers—the terror-ists—that killed some 3,000 people, 50 of whom—more than 50 who lived in my own congressional district. This bill also would amend the Anti- Terrorism Act of 1987. The bill will open foreign officials to accountability to so-called secondary liability, such as aiding and abetting or conspiring with terrorist perpetrators. These are very commonsense and modest changes to the law that will hopefully get us clos-er to justice for those who have suf-fered so much. It is a great bill. Again, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE . P
ETE KINGhas been absolutely tena-cious, and our leadership has heeded those calls and is supportive. I want to thank them for ensuring it came up today prior to the 15th anniversary of that infamous event. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the biparti-sanship of this bill and the emotional but clear discussion that has gone on in support of it. Because of the impor-tance of enacting legislation of this importance and the recognition of the concerns raised, I know that we can continue to work with the administra-tion to resolve these issues so that this measure can be signed into law by the President of the United States. I thank everyone who has partici-pated. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to say, first of all, thank you very much to the rank-ing member of the committee, the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. CONYERS ) for working with us on this legislation. I want to congratulate the chief spon-sors of the legislation, particularly Congressman K
INGof New York who has, as many have said here, been tena-cious at pursuing justice. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I wish to join with my colleagues in support of today’s vote on S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Ter-rorism Act (JASTA). Next week, our nation will mark the 15th an-niversary of the September 11th attacks. The United States suffered an immeasurable trag-edy that day, but for the victims and their fami-lies, their loss was even more profound. Their lives were irrevocably changed that day, and their road to healing has been made all the more difficult by the questions that remain un-answered and by the justice that has yet to be served. S. 2040, along with its House companion bill H.R. 3815, of which I am a proud cosponsor, would go a long way in providing answers to the victims and their families. In pursuing civil claims against terrorists, as well as those who aided and abetted them, we will be able to en-sure greater transparency. The process of try-ing civil suits in a court of law would bring to light new evidence about how those events came about including identifying the money flows to the hijackers, as well as any connec-tions the perpetrators had to foreign govern-ment officials. Ultimately, it will help to provide a more complete story of the September 11th attacks, not only of what happened that day, but also of what happened in the days leading up to them. I have worked over the last number of years with my colleagues Congressman W
ALTER  J
ONES and Congressman T HOMAS MASSIE in calling for the declassification of the 28 pages of the Joint Congressional Inquiry into Intel-ligence Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 2001. In doing so, I have also had the honor and privilege of get-ting to know some of the families who lost loved ones during the attacks. These families need and deserve answers and justice. Their representatives in Congress should be work-ing tirelessly to give them that. The release of the 28 pages earlier this summer was an important first step in getting answers for the families. Passing JASTA today, and getting it enacted, would be an equally important next step towards getting justice for the victims, survivors and their fami-lies. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2040. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are here as guests of the House and that any manifestation of approval or disapproval of pro-ceedings is in violation of the rules of the House. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, pro-ceedings will resume on questions pre-viously. Votes will be taken in the following order: Adoption of the motion to recommit on H.R. 5424; and passage of H.R. 5424, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
INVESTMENT ADVISERS MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 5424) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain require-ments relating to investment advisers, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT), on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 176, nays 232, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 494] YEAS—176 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.030 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5245 September 9, 2016 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOT VOTING—23 
Brown (FL) Connolly DesJarlais Doyle, Michael F. Fincher Gohmert Guinta Hastings Johnson, Sam Lynch Miller (FL) Neugebauer Nugent Palazzo Reichert Ross Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Swalwell (CA) Westmoreland Zinke 
b1203 Messrs. COFFMAN, BISHOP of Michigan, M
CHENRY, SIMPSON, Mrs. HARTZLER, and Mr. STIVERS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. CAPPS and Mr. PERLMUTTER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 261, nays 145, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 495] YEAS—261 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—145 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.007 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5246 September 9, 2016 
NOT VOTING—25 
Barton Brown (FL) Bucshon DesJarlais Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Fincher Gohmert Griffith Guinta Hastings Johnson, Sam Lamborn Lynch Marchant Miller (FL) Nugent Palazzo Reichert Ross Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Swalwell (CA) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1209 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained for rollcall vote 495. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 495, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 494, the vote on the Motion to Recommit H.R. 5424, the Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, had I been able to vote, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 495, the vote on Final Passage of H.R. 5424, the Invest-ment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016, had I been able to vote, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
b1215 LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of giving us the schedule for the next week. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. The House will also consider H.R. 3590, the Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act, spon-sored by Representative M
ARTHA  M
CSALLY . This critical bill will prevent Americans with high healthcare costs from facing a tax increase next year. Additionally, the House will consider H.R. 5620, the VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act, spon-sored by Representative JEFFMILLER , which ensures that employees at the Department of Veterans Affairs are held accountable for misconduct or poor performance. This bill will also modernize the disability appeals proc-ess to reduce the unacceptable backlog of claims. The House will also consider H.R. 5226, the Regulatory Integrity Act, sponsored by Representative T
IM W
ALBERG , which is a commonsense bill requiring agencies to publish informa-tion about proposed regulations on their Web sites. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 5351, sponsored by Rep-resentative J
ACKIE WALORSKI , which prohibits the transfer of any individ-uals detained at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that schedule. I won’t discuss any of the bills that the gentleman mentioned on the schedule, but I do want to note a couple of ab-sences. One is, of course, the con-tinuing resolution. As the gentleman knows, after next week where the CR is not included, we have 9 legislative days left before the scheduled adjournment. As the gen-tleman knows, we have not passed a single appropriations bill. And without finding fault with either side—because I know each side thinks the other side is at fault—the fact remains we have not passed a single appropriations bill. So there is no alternative to a con-tinuing resolution, and we must pass a continuing resolution if the govern-ment is going to operate on October 1 in the new fiscal year. The limited number of days in session—9 days after next week. There are reports that the House Re-publicans are already divided on how long the CR ought to be, whether or not we ought to go into the 115th Con-gress or not. Representative T
OMCOLE was quoted as saying, ‘‘Since we’re all drawing our checks, we ought to actu-ally do our job and get it done’’—mean-ing the appropriations process and the funding of the government—‘‘and rec-ognize that the next administration and the next Congress are going to have plenty to do and to deal with on their own and not throw additional work at them because we are either too lazy or incompetent to do our work.’’ That is Representative T
OMCOLE, one of the senior Members of this body, a former chairman of the campaign committee, and a respected Member of this body. Mr. Leader, I believe we ought to pass a CR as soon as possible, consider it as soon as possible. My own belief is that it ought to be short-term. I be-lieve many people share that view. Ap-parently, Senator M
CCONNELL shares that view as well. It is my understanding the Senate is going to consider such a CR and send it to us. Obviously, it is our responsi-bility on fiscal matters under the Con-stitution to move pieces of legislation. They may well amend theirs into a House bill, as I am sure you know that both sides do from time to time. Can you tell me, A, how long do you expect the CR—first of all, when do you believe we will consider a continuing resolution to fund government past September 30? Secondly, how long do you think that CR will extend? Third-ly, as we did last year, is it your expec-tation that we will do an omnibus in December in the lameduck? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. MCCARTHY. Well, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I do want to just clarify one of your statements. Surely the gentleman did not mean from the point that no appro-priations bills have passed this floor because six have passed. They just have not been sent to the President. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, as the gentleman and I both know, no appropriations bills have been enacted. As I pointed out, forget-ting about who is to blame—and I am sure you and I have different perspec-tives on that—the fact of the matter is they haven’t passed, and they haven’t been signed by the President. When I say ‘‘passed,’’ that’s the Congress. They haven’t passed the Congress, and the President hasn’t signed any. So there is no possibility we are going to pass one or more of those bills. As you know, there are 12 appropria-tions bills to fund government. We haven’t passed one of them. It doesn’t look like we are going to pass any of them, so we are going to need a CR. So my question relates to the CR. There are three points. I thank the gentleman for clarifying it. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for clarifying. Just one more little clarification, if the gentleman may. All 12 of the appro-priations bills have passed out of com-mittee. So it is our desire to finish that work. Yes, it looks as though we will be into a continuing resolution. We have funding up until September 30. It is our intent to have that done before we de-part. We will not depart without fin-ishing that work. The duration is up for discussion, and we have been having discussions on both sides of the aisle about that. But as soon as that decision is made, Mem-bers will be advised when the floor ac-tion is scheduled. But I assure the gen-tleman it will be done before any Mem-ber is departing. Mr. HOYER. Well, I presume that. I presume that the majority—and I will say this, that for whatever reasons— and your party is in control of both the House and the Senate. Yes, we have the Presidency, the Democrats, but no bills have reached his desk. Whether they got out of committee or not, no bills have reached his desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.008 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5247 September 9, 2016 
You and I both know getting out of committee means nothing. Nothing happens because it gets out of com-mittee, other than it is eligible to come to the floor. Beyond that, noth-ing happens with respect to funding government. And your party is in the majority. It is not a question of blame. It is a question of no bill has passed from the Congress to the President of the United States for signature. He hasn’t vetoed any bills because they haven’t gotten to him. So we need to adopt a CR. I think the gentleman is correct that we are not going to go home, I pre-sume, without passing a CR. The gov-ernment was shut down for 16 days some years ago because we wouldn’t re-peal the Affordable Care Act. I don’t presume that is going to happen this time. I certainly hope that we address the CR. It is not scheduled for next week. I am going to discuss another subject in just a second that should have been scheduled, in my view, this week. But we did bills that, frankly, aren’t going to pass or be sent to the President. We spent a full week—otherwise known as 25 percent of the time—that is sched-uled for us to be here before the elec-tion. Next week, it will make it 50 percent of the time, and still no CR is being brought forward. We left town in July without passing the Senate bill—it passed 68–30, a bipartisan bill—to ad-dress the critical health crisis con-fronting the American people, Zika. You don’t schedule that for next week either on your schedule, Mr. Leader. I am very concerned. I think America is very concerned. Certainly, on this side of the aisle, we are very concerned. I want to make a representation here publicly, so that America will know and you will know, that I am prepared to say that almost everybody in our caucus—I would say ‘‘unanimous,’’ but I haven’t talked to everybody—is ready to pass the bipartisan Senate bill, which passed 68–30, which would appro-priate $1.1 billion. Tony Fauci was on the Hill, who is the director of NIH’s NIAID, National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases, which of course Zika falls within the ambit of his expertise and authority. b1230 He has said as of October 1, he is going to have no money to deal with the development of a vaccine. I know the gentleman is as concerned as I am because we have talked about setting up funds for disasters; and this is a health crisis, obviously a disaster. Let me ask the gentleman if he ex-pects Zika funding to come to the floor either with the CR or as a separate bill, and again, I represent to him, I believe every Democrat—I haven’t talked to every Democrat, but I believe every Democrat will support the bipartisan Senate bill which passed 68–30, which appropriates money and has the virtue, unlike the conference report, which the House added poison pill language that they knew neither the Democrats would support in the House nor the Senate nor would the President sup-port, undermining, frankly, the ability to have health services delivered in Puerto Rico to women, the epicenter of the Zika crisis. It should have been no surprise that that was not going to be supported, and the President made it very clear he was not going to support it. We need to reach a compromise. The Senate reached a compromise. I urge the ma-jority leader to address this and bring it to the floor. I tell him, he will have my full support and engagement for the Senate bill, which was a bipartisan bill. I yield to my friend to let us know when he expects to deal with this crit-ical health crisis confronting the American people. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Before I begin, I want to thank the gentleman. At the very beginning of this crisis, you and I sat together. At the very beginning of this crisis, you and I compiled a group of Members on both sides of the aisle with the exper-tise to deal with it. $600 million quick-ly went out the door to fight it, to combat it. The Senate approved $1.1 billion. I am somewhat excited to hear that all the Democrats will change their mind now and vote for the bill because I would like to remind the gentleman that in June this House took up this issue because we knew what would hap-pen in the summer. We know what is transpiring in Florida because we pre-dicted that it would because it was al-ready happening in Puerto Rico, but that was not the case on this floor that night. Everyone on the other side said ‘‘no.’’ Well, you know what, in the Senate, they have taken this up three times. Your side of the aisle decided to leave without dealing with this issue. They could have dealt with this issue this week. This is the exact amount of money that the Senate voted for unani-mously over there—maybe not unani-mously, but bipartisanly. This is not one to play politics with. We did our job here. It is quite ironic that in clarification on your past remark saying Repub-licans are in the majority here, yes, that is true, and you saw that happen. The rules in the Senate are much dif-ferent, where it empowers the minority to stop. That is why we are talking about a CR. But this should not be the case. You could have challenged your colleagues in that Senate, in your party, to stop the filibuster, that the people should not have to wait. We have been in those rooms to-gether. I know your desire. When you and I talked about putting the emer-gency funding together, you know what, that is an appropriations issue. We need this to get done. They need the money. We need to combat it, and we need to continue to monitor it. That is why we dealt with this in June. That is why I have the frustration that I have. Even when we came back this week, the Senate Democrats were in the exact same place they were be-fore. This money goes to the commu-nity centers in Puerto Rico, exactly as the President requested. So it is not a time to play politics. It is not a time to get frustrated about a different issue that you had that night so you couldn’t vote ‘‘yes.’’ That is the truth behind this, and that is wrong. Mr. HOYER. I could get very ani-mated in my answer. The fact of the matter is, what the majority leader represents, in my view, is inaccurate. The Senate sent us a bipartisan bill, and because you think you needed to serve some of your most hard-line Members, you made it a political bill. And we were not going to take it. We are not going to see you eliminate Planned Parenthood, which over-whelmingly is the—listen to me, Mr. Majority Leader. I listened to you re-spectfully. The bill eliminated Planned Parent-hood services and funding to deliver services in Puerto Rico, the epicenter of this disease. And you put other leg-islation in that bill you knew was un-acceptable to us. The Senate did not do that because they need 60 votes, which means they need to come to a bipar-tisan agreement. You rejected a bipar-tisan agreement on your side of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi). The Chair would remind Members to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the major-ity party rejected the bipartisan legis-lation that came from the Senate with 68 votes. That is more than two-thirds of the Senate. Half of the Republicans in the United States Senate passed that bill over to us, and we could have passed it. I know some people said we needed the $1.1 billion, but I will tell you, had you brought that bill to the floor with-out adding political aspects to it that you knew we would not support, it would have passed. You could have passed it on your own, but you chose to make it a political bill. And we are not going to accept that because the Amer-ican—you are right, Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve that we deal with this issue now. The President asked for this money on February 22. We are now at Sep-tember 10, Mr. Speaker, and we have not dealt with this except in a way that, frankly, the majority party knew would not be acceptable, would not be bipartisan, would not pass the Senate, and would not be signed by the Presi-dent. It is, I say with all due respect, Mr. Majority Leader, not credible to say because we didn’t take what you want-ed to jam down our throat when we had an agreement—not everybody agreed. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.038 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5248 September 9, 2016 
understand some people on my side said, oh, no, 1.1 is not enough, and I frankly don’t think it is enough. But it is a very substantial sum that would enable NIH to pursue vaccines and pur-sue other matters in Puerto Rico and Florida and other places in this Nation to keep our people safe. So I tell the majority leader, again, bring the bipartisan bill passed to us by the United States Senate with 68 votes. Bring it to the floor as a House bill and we will pass it, and that is why I tell the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, that I believe every Member on my side of the aisle will vote for that, not be-cause they believe $1.1 billion will be sufficient to address this problem. Leader P
ELOSI makes the very cogent point, Mr. Speaker, the Director of CDC says that it will cost $10 million per child who suffers from microcephaly, which is the result of Zika. Very frankly, in Brazil they found that the results go beyond that. $10 million. If 200 children get microcephaly, that gets to the dollars that the President wants from us to prevent this horrible consequence to the children and to the families of America. So I say with all due respect, Mr. Ma-jority Leader, you can say all you want—and I know the spin: the Demo-crats in the Senate are holding this up. I do not accept that. I think it is inac-curate. What is holding it up is putting in items in a bill that is absolutely es-sential, gratuitously, that you know we will object to as opposed to doing what the Senate did, Mr. Speaker, and that is reaching a bipartisan agree-ment. It is very tough to reach bipar-tisan agreements in this House because we have a group in this House who wants to wag the dog. And that is not what the American people expect. I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that I have great respect for the majority leader, and he is accurate. We do sit down, we work together, and we can come to bipartisan agreements. We didn’t sit down on this. The conference report was not signed by a single Dem-ocrat. There was no doubt that when it came to this House floor, there were no Democrats on that conference report, and we had no debate. Now, one of the reasons we had no de-bate—I want to make it clear because the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, is going to make that clear as well—was our side, we thought there was another important issue, but the fact of the matter is not whether it was debated. There would have only been 30 minutes a side anyway, a short debate. But the fact of the matter is the ma-jority leader knows that the $1.1 billion bill that the Senate passed, even though it is not the President’s re-quest, would have passed on this floor, and it would pass on this floor today. And NIH and CDC would have the re-sources, Mr. Speaker, that they need to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, that is what we ought to do. I now yield to my friend, the major-ity leader. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman. I think the best thing for the Amer-ican people is to actually read the bill. So let me just read the section that you referred to, that you stated that no Democrat in Appropriations would sign on to, that no Democrats on the other side wanted to vote for. It referred to a block grant. Let me quote it. This is in the bill dealing with Zika. ‘‘For the funding for health services provided by public health departments, hospitals or reimbursed through public health plans.’’ Seriously, you are opposed to that? That is what you are fighting over while the mosquitoes begin to grow and go beyond State by State? This is what we are fighting over? That $1.1 billion, added with the other $600 million, took place in June. Yeah, we couldn’t get to the floor to debate it because you wouldn’t give us one microphone. But I am sorry, I know there is a lot of politics that goes around here, but this is not. This is the moment, this is the time that we rise above it. The American people do not deserve that, and I say let’s put this paragraph out, let the public read what the bill says, and I will promise you, the majority wants you to vote for it and stop playing games. Mr. HOYER. I understand the major-ity wants to vote for what they want us to vote for. They don’t want to reach a bipartisan—— Mr. M
CCARTHY. You voted against that. Explain. Mr. HOYER. I did vote against that. Mr. M
CCARTHY. If the gentleman would please explain to me what—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. HOYER. It is so hard, Mr. Speak-er. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. I will be glad to yield to my friend. I have a comment, but I will yield to him first. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman across the aisle, it is true, we work closely together on the big issues, and we try to find common ground. In that spirit, will you tell me what in that paragraph you disagree with? Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman aware that the major deliverer of health serv-ices to women in Puerto Rico is through Planned Parenthood? Is the gentleman aware of that? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Did the President request, when he requested money, that it get delivered that way? Or in here may I remind the gentleman what I am requesting, ‘‘the funding goes for health services provided by public health departments, hospitals, or reim-bursed through public health plans.’’ Public health means that is the way the health care is provided, so we are funding the entities that provide the health care, exactly when the Presi-dent had requested it. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Speaker, that language was clearly designed, as the gentleman knows, as the staff knows, and as has been pub-licized, to preclude one of the agencies that delivers health care in Puerto Rico from doing so, and that is Planned Parenthood that gets public funds. This is designed, we believe, to restrict it. But let’s put that aside. Let’s say we have a disagreement on that. Let’s accept that. b1245 What the Senate said, if we have dis-agreements on these things, we are going to pass a bill that gets that money out the door. And they passed it 68–30, which means approximately one- half of the Republicans voted for it be-cause—and, very frankly—a prede-cessor of yours, Mr. BLUNT , was a co-sponsor of that bill—one of my very close friends, as you know—along with Mrs. M
URRAY . So, they achieved the objective in the United States Senate of doing exactly what I think you are actually correct, Mr. Speaker, in saying, and that is that the people want us to act. It is not on the schedule this week. It is not on the schedule next week. And it ought to be on the schedule for con-sideration, and it ought to be in a bi-partisan way, which means that both you and I could say that, yes, our sides can support this. Without, we have some very significant differences, Mr. Speaker. We all understand that. The American people understand that. And we ought not to try to deal with those in something as critically important. That is what the Senate decided to do. That is what R
OYBLUNT decided to do. That is what Senator M
URRAY de-cided to do. And that is what 68 Mem-bers of the United States Senate de-cided to do. Now, let’s, just for the sake of argu-ment, agree that we have a disagree-ment on the interpretation of what that does, but if we have a disagree-ment, that means that we are not able to pass that bill. You may disagree with our reasoning, but that is the fact. And that is the conclusion the United States Senate came to, Mr. Speaker. So they did a bill that they could agree on in a bipartisan way. And I tell you, Mr. Speaker—I will reiterate it once again—bring the Sen-ate bill. It wasn’t our bill. This is a Blunt-Murray bill. Mr. B
LUNT is the former majority leader and majority whip and minority whip of the House of Representatives. The Senator from Missouri, a Republican leader in the Senate, sent us a bipartisan bill. Let’s take that bill, and whatever other differences we have, let’s debate them, Mr. Speaker. Those provisions can be brought to the floor separate and apart, without undermining the need to immediately fund the Zika public health efforts. So, I, again, say to my friend, those two issues—and I might also add, per-haps in closing, that we ought to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.040 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5249 September 9, 2016 
dealing with Flint as well, another public health issue that has been pend-ing, Mr. Speaker, for over a year. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield, before he goes to a new subject? Mr. HOYER. I would be glad to yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. The only thing I want to clarify here is: Do you believe in debate and having the opportunity for people to air different sides? Mr. HOYER. I do. That is why we didn’t have a lot of debate because we were asking for Mr. K
ING’s bills to be brought to the floor, as I recall. So I do believe in that. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield to me? Mr. HOYER. I would be glad to yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I would ask the gen-tleman to join with me, then, in re-questing that the Democrats on the Senate—the filibuster denies the bill to even come up for debate, let alone it be voted for. So would you not join with me in asking the Democrats to stop playing politics with a filibuster and allow the bill to come up? If the bill fails, the bill fails. But it is not even being allowed to be debated. You were always so good with read-ing articles, and I don’t know that I have ever read one to you, but I would like to. If you will indulge me. PolitiFact—this is the organization that looks at what we say and tries to put truth to it. This is the headline: ‘‘Democrats Stretch Impact of Planned Parenthood Exclusions in Zika Bill.’’ This is one highlighted: ‘‘The bill also provided funds that would potentially help clinics and hos-pitals in nearly every municipality on the island.’’ Could we not agree that that is more important than politics? Could we not agree that people are being affected every day and that those who are watching this debate shake their head and wonder why we are even having this fight? In June, we passed a bill. Since that time, Democrats in the Senate will not even allow it to be debated, not even allow it to be debated, to vote it up or vote it down. There is one thing Americans believe in: fairness. And I don’t believe that that is fairness, if you deny a bill from coming forward. If you deny the bill from coming forward, you are blocking it. So, if you want the true definition of what is happening in the Zika battle, it is that those on the other side of the aisle in the Senate are blocking the discussion from even taking place. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, they are not blocking anything. They passed a bill 68–30. They sent it here, and it was blocked from coming to the floor. And it would have passed. If you believe, as you asked me, do I believe, should we consider things, the answer, of course, is yes. And I said, as an aside, P
ETER KING, the former chairman of the Homeland Security Committee has two bills that are supported by over 85 percent of the American public. Bring them to the floor on the premise, Mr. Speaker, that we ought to debate, consider, and vote. Bring them to the floor. Bring Mr. KING’s bills to the floor. Bring the Sen-ate bill. You know the Senate bill has 68 votes. Mr. Speaker, I will tell the majority leader that, had he brought the Senate bill to the floor—we were precluded from voting on the Senate bill, Mr. Speaker. The majority leader just said, Oh, we ought to bring the bill to the floor. Isn’t that the right thing to do? Well, if it is right for the Senate—and we can’t control the Senate, but we can control the House. And, as a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, as you know, I was the majority leader, and I could decide whether to bring the bills on the floor or not bring them on the floor. The ma-jority leader has that authority. Bring the Senate bill to the floor. If, in fact, as the majority leader just said we ought to have debate, we ought to consider it, and we ought to vote, and if it goes down, fine; if it passes, that is the will of the House—will of the Sen-ate, you said. If that is a good premise in the Senate, it is an even better premise in the House of Representa-tives. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask my friend, the majority leader, to bring that bill to the floor. Let’s vote on it. That is what he said his premise was and what we were committed to. I agree with him. I don’t like the filibuster. I don’t like the 60-vote rule in the Senate, I will tell you that. The 60-vote rule under-mines democracy. If a bill has 50 per-cent and a committee reports it out, it ought to come to the floor. I agree with the majority leader on that. And Mr. R
EIDand I have had some discussions on that. My colleague Senator C
ARDIN  and I have had some discussions on that. But if it is good for the Senate, it is good for the House. And the House does that. The majority can rule in this House. And if he brings that bill to the floor, it will pass. It will pass on Mon-day, I guarantee the gentleman. And I know we need to conclude this. In all consideration, Ms. K
ELLY is com-ing over to explain to me schedules. But this is serious, and I don’t say this—the majority leader and I do work together. But let’s pass this Zika bill, as the Senate passed it, and then have the arguments on stuff that we don’t agree on. We do agree on the Senate bill, at least to the extent it goes, and there are things that we don’t agree. To make an aside, you stripped the Confederate Flag amendment from the conference report on the MILCON bill because you didn’t want your guys to vote on it. Mr. Speaker, I understand that. That is why it was done. I didn’t like that, but that passed the House, stripped out of the bill, not by the Sen-ate, but by us. But that is an aside. It is an aside because, you are right, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader is right, that doesn’t affect Zika. What affects Zika is that $1.1 billion that we can get to them on Monday, Mr. Speak-er. If the majority leader will bring it to the floor, we can pass it on suspen-sion. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the major-ity leader’s discussion on this matter, but we have some critical issues, Mr. Speaker, that we need to deal with: funding government, getting Zika passed, helping the people in Flint, funding opioids. We passed a bill. It was a good bill. The President signed it. We passed it in a bipartisan way, but we didn’t fund it. Another health crisis. We need to address these critical matters. These other bills may have merit, but they are not a crisis. Mr. Speaker, unless the majority leader wants to say something further, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE  A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 3969. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Laughlin, Nevada, as the ‘‘Master Chief Petty Officer Jesse Dean VA Clinic’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 2016, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 12, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
9/11 ANNIVERSARY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, Sunday will mark 15 years since the September 11 attacks. Each year, this anniversary seems to sneak up on us faster than it did the year before. September 11 forever changed who we are individually and as a country. It prompted grief, fear, and anger. The images of the Twin Towers collapsing one after the other are just as tragic today as they were a decade and a half ago. The scene of smoke rising from the Pentagon is seared in our memory. The gaping hole left in an open Penn-sylvania field is something we will never forget. September 11 also brought stories of courage, hope, and leadership. It tested the resolve of this great Nation. From the brave passengers of Flight 93, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.041 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5250 September 9, 2016 
quite possibly saved this very building we are standing in today, to the first responders who gave their life to en-sure the well-being and safety of oth-ers. We will never forget the President, who confidently stood on the rubble of collapsed buildings in New York to comfort an uncertain nation. I will al-ways remember the first pitch Presi-dent Bush threw at Yankee Stadium several weeks later. As tens of thousands of fans looked on, the ball went right down the mid-dle. He threw a perfect strike. It was a symbolic moment. It was symbolic of America’s ability to not only recover from tragedy but reemerge as a greater country than it was before. In God we trust. 
f 
REMEMBERING 9/11 (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, on the steps of the House, we sang ‘‘God Bless America.’’ Standing on those steps some 15 years ago, the searing memory comes back again—the horrific bloodshed, the dividing of families, the loss of lives, the pain, and the tragedy. To those re-maining loved ones, I offer my deepest sympathy. And to America: we will never forget. I am grateful that we passed S. 2040 today, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The reason is, our citi-zens should never be denied the right to enter courts and to petition for jus-tice. As well, the pain needs to be eased. I want to thank those first-respond-ers. I visited Ground Zero. I have felt that pain. Every year, I think it is im-portant for Americans to understand that we must remember to give honor and respect to those fallen and recog-nize the values of this Nation. As this legislation makes its way, I am committed to working with the ad-ministration in ensuring that all is well. It is important to note today, as we sang ‘‘God Bless America,’’ we hon-ored those families still in pain by passing S. 2040, Justice Against Spon-sors of Terrorism Act. God bless America. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in recognizing and commemorating the 15th an-niversary of the attacks on our homeland on September 11, 2001. This Sunday will mark the 15th year since that day our nation faced the greatest loss of life on U.S. soil from an enemy attack since the attack on Pearl Harbor. The years that have passed since that day have not dimmed my memory or diminished my resolve to see an end to terrorism not only in the United States, but around the world. As a Member of Congress and a senior Member of the Committees on Homeland Se-curity and the Judiciary, both of which deal with national security issues, I have long been committed and engaged in efforts to develop policies that anticipate and respond to new and emerging challenges to the security of our nation and the peace and safety of the world. I will never forget September 11, 2001 when 2,977 men, women and a children were mur-dered by 19 hijackers who took commercial aircraft and used them as missles. I stood on the East Front steps of the Cap-itol on September 11, 2001, along with 150 members of the House of Representatives and sang ‘‘God Bless America. September 11, 2001 remains a tragedy that defines our nation’s history, but the final chap-ter will be written by those who are charged with keeping our nation and its people safe while preserving the way of life that terrorists seek to change. I visited the site of the World Trade Center Towers in the aftermath of the attacks and grieved over the deaths of so many of our men, women, and children. I want to thank and commend the work of our first responder community on that day and every day since September 11 for their efforts to protect their communities and our nation from acts of terrorism. I watched as thousands of first responders, construction workers, and volunteers worked to recover the remains of the dead, and re-moved the tons of debris, while placing their own lives and health at risk. The men and women who worked at ‘‘Ground Zero’’ were called by a sense of duty to help in our nation’s greatest time of need since the bombing of Pearl Harbor. There is unfinished work for those first re-sponders who were injured or suffered ill-nesses during and after the September 11, 2001 attacks. September 11 will forever remain a part of our national memory and for those who serve in Congress a clarion call to be vigilant against those who would do our nation harm. To respond to the medical needs of the thousands of people who became ill from ex-posure to the toxic environment at Ground Zero, Congress passed the James Zadroga September 11 Care Act (9/11 Care Act), which provides rescue and recover workers with health care to treat the conditions that resulted from their exposure to toxic dust after the ter-ror attack. Under the leadership of President Obama, Bin Laden was found and killed. President Obama accepted, and succeeded in the mission to bring justice to those respon-sible for the carnage of September 11, 2001. Today, let us remember those who perished on this awful day 14 years ago, and rededi-cate ourselves to honoring their sacrifice by doing all we can to protect our homeland and all who dwell peaceably therein. 
f 
BIRTHDAY CARDS FOR AVA (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, ev-eryone, meet Ava. Ava hails from Bondurant, Iowa, and is turning 11 years old next week. She is the beautiful daughter of Kris and Joni Hutchinson. Something you should know about Ava? Ava is a war-rior. She is a fighter. She also is bat-tling brain cancer. Now, cancer is not new to Ava. It is something she has fought as a toddler. The battle began again, though, for Ava this summer. Ava has faced the heartbreaking re-alities and struggles in her fight against cancer that many folks are lucky enough to never encounter in their lifetime, but Ava is strong, Ava is brave, and Ava is an inspiration to us all. She makes us all smile—everyone she has met. With her 11th birthday quickly ap-proaching, you may be asking yourself: What does she wish for? Ava wants a birthday card from you—anyone—ev-eryone who would like to send one. Folks from across the country and around the world are sending birthday cards for Ava. Of the cards, she said: I like getting them because I know peo-ple are praying for me and thinking about me every day. Let’s help make Ava’s birthday one to remember. I encourage all who can— everybody—to take part in this out-pouring of love and support for Ava. Anyone can send a card to Ava at: cards for Ava, 104 9th Street SE, Al-toona, Iowa 50009. The address is right here. Mr. Speaker, today, let us take a mo-ment to send our thoughts and prayers to Ava and her family. Let us wish Ava a happy birthday. The best one is yet to come. Happy birthday, Ava. f 
b1300 CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO ITS JOB NOW AND FULLY FUND ZIKA (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, Congress needs to stop playing around with people’s lives and fully fund the fight against Zika now. For my home State, Florida, at stake is the future of our newborns, our tour-ism jobs, and the hopes and dreams of folks like Andrew and Christina Rosebrough. For the past 9 years, they have battled the ups and downs of in-fertility, seen numerous doctors, spending thousands of dollars on treat-ments and drugs. After years of heart-ache and disappointment, they actu-ally gave up; and then their own mir-acle, Christina became pregnant. They were elated. They were excited. But now their joy is tempered by anx-iety and trepidation. Christina has to stay confined to her home, scared of that poisonous mosquito that would devastate her baby’s brain. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to do its job now and fully fund Zika. 
f 
HONORING THE KENNEWICK AMER-ICAN YOUTH BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.043 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5251 September 9, 2016 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the remarkable achievements of the Kennewick Amer-ican Youth baseball team, the reigning U.S. champions. The Kennewick American team won the United States Division of the Cal Ripken World Series Tournament to become the U.S. champions. They then finished second in the world, competing against the best young baseball talent from around the world. Kennewick’s own Simeon Howard was named the MVP of the U.S. side of the tour-nament, while setting a tournament record for hits. With the support of their families and local community, Kennewick American concluded its season with an impressive 36 and 5 record, while be-coming the first team from the Pacific Northwest to ever reach the champion-ship game. This is an incredible achievement for the State of Wash-ington as well as the Pacific North-west. I am proud to represent these young men in Congress. I congratulate the players and their coach, Bryan Knapik, on their tremendous success and look forward to following their run next sea-son. 
f 
HEAR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, after Or-lando, the largest mass shooting in our history, Democrats focused the Con-gress and the country on the urgent need to expand background checks. Many jurisdictions, including the Na-tion’s Capital, have strong gun safety laws, but they are countermanded daily by congressional failure to pass national legislation to keep criminals from bringing guns from neighboring jurisdictions. Eighty-one percent of the American people support background checks be-fore purchase of a deadly weapon. They want Congress to check the recent spike in gun violence nationwide. They want us to pass H.R. 1217, our bipar-tisan background check bill. Hear the American people. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF LIEUTENANT ROBERT HESS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of Lieutenant Robert Hess, a resi-dent of Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, in the Pennsylvania Fifth Congressional District. Lieutenant Hess was recently chosen by the Military Chaplains Asso-ciation to receive its Distinguished Service Award, which annually recog-nizes excellent chaplains in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Veterans Affairs, and Civil Air Patrol. Lieutenant Hess was born in Lock Haven and joined the Navy after grad-uating from Lock Haven High School in 1990. As a member of the Navy, he has traveled extensively during his service, including time spent in Spain, France, England, Slovenia, Germany, Greece, and the Netherlands. He is cur-rently attached to the Destroyer Squadron, DESRON 60. Lieutenant Hess also spent several years as a civilian pastor before being recalled to Active Duty after the ter-rorist attacks on September 11, 2001, which, of course, occurred 15 years ago this Sunday. As an Army dad, I have the deepest respect for our servicemen and -women, including those such as Lieutenant Hess, who work every day to counsel, teach, and minister to the spiritual needs of those servicemembers. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE VICTIMS OF SEPTEMBER 11, 2001 (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I love my country, and I rise today to pay tribute to those who lost their lives on 9/11. It has been a very painful thing for those of us who love our country. But notwithstanding all of the pain that I and the many others endure, it is not the same pain as those who have loved ones who made a transition on that day. So today I rise in honor of those who made the transition, those who went forward when others were running away. I salute those who are willing to stand and secure this country. I salute the police officers. I salute the mili-tary. I thank them for their service. I also want to honor those who lost their lives, and I have great sympathy for those who survived and the family members. I ask for a moment of silent prayer. Mr. Speaker, I know that there are still people who are willing to go into harm’s way to make the ultimate sac-rifice so that we can have a better quality of life in the freest country in the world. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SHASTA LIVE-STOCK AUCTION (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 50th anniversary of the Shasta Livestock Auction, located in Cottonwood, California, which was opened in 1966 by Ellington Peek and his wife, Betty, and family. Ellington is well known in California agriculture. He was named Tehama County’s first Cattleman of the Year, California Livestock Man of the Year, and an inductee into the Cowboy Hall of Fame. In May, the Shasta Historical Soci-ety presented a program commemo-rating the auction yard, and while it tells a lot about the business, it also focuses on the person Ellington is that has made him so successful—an honest, hardworking man who represents the epitome of the American story. Around the time Ellington Peek began buying and selling cattle at his yard, the industry started experiencing a lot of ups and downs in the market, forcing many ranchers out of the busi-ness. Refusing to give up, he took his business on the road, busing prospec-tive buyers and sellers to different ranches and showing available cattle up on a slide show for purchase. Later, this innovative model that was such a success ultimately led him to the business of video auction, start-ing the Western Video Market, with one of the first auctions selling over 25,000 head of cattle. This innovation and vision not only gave California and Western cattlemen access to a national marketplace, but entirely changed the market. Today, it is a very viable and strong and thriving enterprise, the Shasta Livestock Auc-tion, with the video market. So I just want to say thank you to the Peeks; and also remembering their son they lost a few years ago, Andy, and what that means to that family op-eration and what it means, this anni-versary of the 50th, to all of us in northern California. f 
CONGRATULATING UNITED LAUNCH ALLIANCE FOR AN-OTHER SUCCESSFUL SPACE LAUNCH (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the men and women of United Launch Alliance on another successful space launch on Thursday. United Launch Alliance, or ULA, is headquartered in Centennial, Colorado, and has provided assured ac-cess to space since 2006. ULA’s most recent launch propelled NASA’s OSIRIS-REx into space. The payload will travel to a near-Earth as-teroid called Bennu, map the chemical elements on the asteroid’s surface, and then return a sample to Earth in 2023. This launch marks ULA’s 111th con-secutive successful space launch. This amazing success record is a testament to the hard work of ULA’s dedicated team of professionals. Congratulations on a job well done. 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION WEEK (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.045 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5252 September 9, 2016 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because this week is National Suicide Prevention Week. Studies have shown that roughly 90 percent of people who commit suicide struggled with mental illness. In July, with enormous bipartisan support, the House passed the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act to tackle our Nation’s mental health crisis. In rec-ognition of this week, I believe the Senate should immediately take up this very important piece of legisla-tion. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, veterans who have served our Nation are even more at risk. The disturbing reality is that far too many of our veterans who fought for our freedom are not truly free when they return home. We cannot be bystanders as our Na-tion’s heroes struggle with mental ill-ness and suicide. That is why we passed and signed into law the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which prioritizes mental health care for our veterans. But there is still so much work to be done to reach out to those who may need our help. Together, we can and must erase the stigma surrounding sui-cide and mental health. 
f 
REPLACE LEAD PIPES (Mr. TED LIEU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, it has been 2 years since the people of Flint were able to turn on their faucets and get clean water, and Congress has not acted to help the peo-ple of Flint. That is a travesty and an injustice, and the issues since then have gotten even worse, not just for the people of Flint, but across Amer-ica. Multiple reports indicate that now at least 29 States have issues with lead in their drinking water. We need an in-vestment for infrastructure that is not only going to help people no longer get poisoned, but also create new jobs. That is why, on the House Budget Committee, I introduced an amend-ment to increase, by over $3 billion, the funding to the State’s Clean Water Re-volving Fund to help local municipali-ties upgrade and replace lead pipes. There is now new technology such as plastic PVC pipes that do not leach lead that are safe. They are less expen-sive. Cities and municipalities and States across the Nation should be investing in plastic pipes to deliver lead-free water to our residents. It is my hope that Congress acts on this soon. 
f 
CONGRATULATING UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN INDIANA’S COLLEGE OF NURSING AND HEALTH PRO-FESSIONS (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, the Uni-versity of Southern Indiana’s College of Nursing and Health Professions re-ceived the first-ever Nexus Award from the National Center for Interprofes-sional Practice and Education in Au-gust. The Nexus Award is a prestigious na-tional honor that recognizes the inter-professional, team-based approaches that connect higher education and health care with goals to transform healthcare delivery, improve health outcomes, and decrease costs. I have personally toured USI’s healthcare programs and met with the college’s leadership as recently as last month, and I have long supported USI’s work to fill healthcare delivery gaps, including serving urban and rural pop-ulations that would otherwise not re-ceive primary healthcare services. Congratulations to USI Dean Dr. Ann White, as well as the professors and students, for this outstanding national recognition. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. H
ASTINGS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pur-suant to House Resolution 842, the House adjourned until Monday, Sep-tember 12, 2016, at noon, for morning- hour debate, out of respect to the vic-tims of the terrorist attacks. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6733. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Sac-ramento County, CA, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8451] received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 6734. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Office of Head Start, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Departments Major final rule — Head Start Performance Standards (RIN: 0970- AC63) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 6735. A letter from the Secretary, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Rules, Regulations, Statements of General Policy or Interpretation and Ex-emptions Under the Fair Packaging and La-beling Act (RIN: 3084-AB33) received Sep-tember 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6736. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — The Food and Drug Administration Food Safety Modernization Act; Extension and Clarification of Compliance Dates for Cer-tain Provisions of Four Implementing Rules [Docket Nos.: FDA-2011-N-0920, FDA-2011-N- 0921, FDA-2011-N-0922, FDA-2011-N-0143] (RIN: 0910-AG10, 0910-AG35, 0910-AG36, 0910-AG64) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6737. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — New Animal Drugs for Use in Animal Feed; Category Definitions [Docket No.: FDA-2016-N-1896] received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6738. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of PB-22, 5F-PB-22, AB-FUBINACA and ADB-PINACA into Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-433] received September 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6739. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allotments, FM Broadcast Stations (Maryville, Missouri) [MB Docket No.: 16-68] [RM-11762] received September 2, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6740. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations to Include August 4, 2016 Continuation of Emer-gency Declared in Executive Order 13222 [Docket No.: 160808698-6698-01] (RIN: 0694- AH09) received September 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6741. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — International Traffic in Arms: Revisions to Definition of Export and Re-lated Definitions (RIN: 1400-AD70) received September 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6742. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program: Court Orders Prior to July 22, 1998 (RIN: 3206-AM67) re-ceived September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6743. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Abolishment of the Newburgh, NY, Ap-propriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE7.047 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5253 September 9, 2016 
Area (RIN: 3206-AN26) received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6744. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Redefinition of the Asheville, NC, and Charlotte, NC, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas (RIN: 3206-AN37) received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6745. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and Federal Em-ployees Dental and Vision Insurance Pro-gram: Excepted Service and Pathways Pro-grams Miscellaneous Clarifications and Cor-rections (RIN: 3206-AM97) received Sep-tember 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6746. A letter from the Chief, Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulfur Oper-ations on the Outer Continental Self —— Oil and Gas Production Safety Systems [Docket ID: BSEE-2012-0005; 16XE1700DX EX1SF0000.DAQ000 EEEE500000] (RIN: 1014- AA10) received September 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6747. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlan-tic; Snapper-Grouper Resources of the South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction [Docket No.: 130312235-3658-02] (RIN: 0648-XE824) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6748. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Blue-fish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6225-01] (RIN: 0648-XE782) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6749. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648- XE833) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6750. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 150818742-0610-02] (RIN: 0648-XE772) received September 2, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6751. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment to the Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit [Docket No.: 120109034-2171-01] (RIN: 0648-XE787) received September 2, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6752. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — International Fisheries; West-ern and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Closure of Purse Seine Fishery in the ELAPS in 2016 [Docket No.: 160322276-6276-01] (RIN: 0648-XE741) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6753. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XE725) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6754. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; North Atlantic Swordfish Fishery [Docket No.: 120627194-3657-02] (RIN: 0648-XE567) received September 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 6755. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Assistant Secretary for Financial Re-sources, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Adjustment of Civil Mone-tary Penalties for Inflation (RIN: 0991-AC0) received September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6756. A letter from the Acting Chief, Border Security Regulations Branch, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Technical Corrections Relating to Issuance of Notices to Appear, Warrants of Removal, Exercise of Power by Immigration Officers, and Standards for En-forcement Activities (CBP Dec. 16-14) re-ceived September 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6757. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5464; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-097-AD; Amendment 39-18607; AD 2016-16-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6758. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8468; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-208- AD; Amendment 39-18605; AD 2016-16-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6759. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-5462; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-131- AD; Amendment 39-18606; AD 2016-16-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6760. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Michigan Towns; Alma, MI; Bellaire, MI; Cadillac, MI; Drum-mond Island, MI; Gladwin, MI; Holland, MI; and Three Rivers, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 4629; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-8] received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6761. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class C Airspace; Peoria, IL [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 7416; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWA-5] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received September 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6762. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class C Airspace; Boise, ID [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 7467; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWA-2] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received September 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6763. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class C Airspace; Syracuse Hancock International Airport, NY [Docket No.: FAA-2016-3937; Air-space Docket No.: 16-AWA-1] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6764. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the Minnesota Towns; Hutch-inson, MN; Jackson, MN; Pipestone, MN; Two Harbors, MN; and Waseca, MN [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4271; Airspace Docket No.: 16- AGL-6] received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6765. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Lake Providence, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4236; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASW- 5] received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6766. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class D Airspace; North, SC [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09SE7.000 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5254 September 9, 2016 
1074; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASO-3] received September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6767. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Park River, ND [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-5856; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-9] re-ceived September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6768. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Harvey, ND [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 5387; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-13] re-ceived September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6769. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Platte, SD [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 5386; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-12] re-ceived September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6770. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Linton, ND [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 5456; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-11] re-ceived September 1, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6771. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Champlain Valley of New York Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015-0010; T.D. TTB-142; Ref: Notice No.: 154] (RIN: 1513-AC19) received August 31, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5523. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Inter-nal Revenue Service from carrying out sei-zures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were struc-tured for the purpose of concealing the viola-tion of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–730, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5111. A bill to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to commu-nicate regarding the goods or services of-fered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–731). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1301. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to ex-tend to private land use restrictions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur service communications; with amendments (Rept. 114–732). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5104. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in com-merce, the sale or use of certain software to circumvent control measures used by Inter-net ticket sellers to ensure equitable con-sumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–733). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 670. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the Medicaid rules regarding supplemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts es-tablished by those beneficiaries, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–734). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3299. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure pre-paredness for chemical, radiological, biologi-cal, and nuclear threats, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–735). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Com-mittee on Financial Services discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5523 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 5977. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide to the appropriate committees of Congress advance notice of certain announcements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. R OUZER ): H.R. 5978. A bill to amend title 14, United States Code, to clarify the funtions of the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT ): H.R. 5979. A bill to ensure consideration of water intensity in the Department of Ener-gy’s energy research, development, and dem-onstration programs to help guarantee effi-cient, reliable, and sustainable delivery of energy and clean water resources; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. J
ONES , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5980. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radiation exposed vet-erans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5981. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the provision of medical services to aliens present in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. GOOD-
LATTE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.R. 5982. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HENSARLING (for himself, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. D
UFFY ): H.R. 5983. A bill to create hope and oppor-tunity for consumers, investors, and entre-preneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street ac-countable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Transportation and Infrastructure, Rules, the Budget, and Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself and Mr. H
UNTER ): H.R. 5984. A bill to authorize the Pechanga Band of Luisen˜o Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5985. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5986. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to ensure small businesses affected by the onset of transmissible diseases are eli-gible for disaster relief; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5987. A bill to provide for recreational access for floating cabins on the Tennessee River System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. W
OODALL , and Ms. E STY): H.R. 5988. A bill to provide penalties for countries that systematically and unreason-ably refuse or delay repatriation of certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09SE7.000 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5255 September 9, 2016 
nationals and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 5989. A bill to provide for continuing cooperation between the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. P
EARCE ): H.R. 5990. A bill to grant the Congressional Gold Medal to the troops who defended Ba-taan during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Mr. F
OSTER ): H.R. 5991. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to risk- based examinations of Nationally Recog-nized Statistical Rating Organizations; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. POE of Texas: H. Con. Res. 150. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that child safety is the first priority of custody and vis-itation adjudications, and that state courts should improve adjudications of custody where family violence is alleged; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. H
ARRIS ): H. Con. Res. 151. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that every ef-fort should be made to assist in the recon-struction and development of communities against whom the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has committed acts of genocide, war crimes, or crimes against humanity as determined by the United States Govern-ment; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of New Jer-sey, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. P
ITTS): H. Con. Res. 152. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States and the international commu-nity should support the Republic of Iraq and its people to recognize a province in the Nineveh Plain region, consistent with lawful expressions of self-determination by its in-digenous peoples; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. J
OYCE , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. C
OOPER , and Ms. D ELAURO ): H. Res. 854. A resolution supporting State, local, and community initiatives to encour-age parents, teachers, camp counselors, and child-care professionals to take measures to prevent sunburns in the minors they care for, and expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that State, local, and com-munity entities should continue to support efforts to curb the incidences of skin cancer beginning with childhood skin-protection; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. PERRY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois): H. Res. 855. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives to re-member and honor the members of the United States Armed Forces, veterans, and military families who served in the after-math of September 11, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Res. 856. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 12, 2016, through September 18, 2016, as ‘‘Balance Awareness Week’’; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
295. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-tion 36, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 5977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 5978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (to regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes) and Clause 14 (to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces). By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 5980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 5982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that sec-tion, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Execu-tive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof;’’ and, Article I, Section 5, Clause 2, of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the powers of each House of Congress to determine the rules of its proceedings. By Mr. HENSARLING: H.R. 5983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (‘‘To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures’’); Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 (‘‘To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Se-curities and current Coin of the United States’’); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’). By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 5984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Com-merce Clause By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5987. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L09SE7.100 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5256 September 9, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 5988. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 5989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 5991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 379: Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. L EE, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 532: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 563: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 800: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 814: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 842: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 846: Ms. G
RAHAM and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 921: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi. H.R. 1220: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 1343: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1399: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia and Mr. M
CDERMOTT . H.R. 1439: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1441: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1460: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1538: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1559: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 1571: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1594: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 1708: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1969: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2050: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 2142: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 2293: Mr. B
ECERRA . H.R. 2368: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. B
ECERRA , and Ms. E STY. H.R. 2715: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 2716: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 2799: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2846: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2902: Mr. B
ECERRA , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3061: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 3068: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3099: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. L ORETTA  S
ANCHEZ of California, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3185: Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 3235: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3268: Mr. B
ECERRA . H.R. 3323: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 3378: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3455: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . H.R. 3520: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. P
OCAN , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 3522: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3599: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3666: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3721: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3742: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3815: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 3913: Mr. P
OMPEO . H.R. 3952: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , H.R. 3991: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4113: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 4479: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 4514: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4526: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 4537: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4615: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4621: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4773: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 4919: Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. H ONDA . H.R. 4938: Mr. F
ARR, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 5002: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 5109: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 5122: Mr. L
ANCE and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5166: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 5180: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 5204: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 5215: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5256: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 5258: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5271: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 5275: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 5292: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 5321: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5337: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 5348: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 5351: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. P ALM-
ER, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. B UCK, Mr. H
ILL, and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 5361: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 5365: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5418: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 5428: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 5440: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5493: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5499: Mr. H
URDof Texas. H.R. 5501: Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5518: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5519: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5568: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5620: Mr. K
LINE. H.R. 5632: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5650: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 5708: Mr. S
ALMON . H.R. 5721: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 5732: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 5756: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5785: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 5836: Mr. MILLER of Florida. H.R. 5859: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5867: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5879: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 5904: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 5931: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi- gan, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. O LSON , Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 5941: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 5942: Mr. H
ECK of Washington, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . H.R. 5946: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P
ERRY , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5948: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B
ERA, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. H
AHN, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. M CCARTHY , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  of California, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. F ARR, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 5951: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 5958: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H.R. 5961: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. V ARGAS . H. J. Res. 94: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. S TIV-
ERS. H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. S TIVERS . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida. H. Con. Res. 149: Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M
ILLER of Florida, and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H. Res. 28: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 220: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H. Res. 590: Mr. T
ONKO . H. Res. 617: Mr. B
URGESS . H. Res. 729: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 762: Mr. P
ALLONE . H. Res. 829: Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. G
IBSON , and Mr. W ALZ. H. Res. 840: Mr. V
EASEY . H. Res. 848: Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 850: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. B
ENISHEK . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. MILLER OF FLORIDA  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in H.R. 5620 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 5 by Mrs. LOWEY on H.R. 5044: Mr. Murphy of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE7.017 H09SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1231 September 9, 2016 
STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 7, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5063) to limit do-nations made pursuant to settlement agree-ments to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes: 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I rise today in op-position to this bill. I offered an amendment to rename it Another Wall Street Request to Avoid Accountability for Fraud. But, my amendment for a more accurate title was not accepted. Today, the majority wants to defund the or-ganizations and attorneys that help people have a fighting chance against deep-pocketed multi-national corporations and banks. Mr. Speaker, Congress returns after a seven-week district work period. During that time, I held many constituent meetings. Not one person asked me to weaken regulations on hedge fund managers or Wall Street bank-ers. And yet, Wall Street requests are what the majority prioritized for our first week back. This bill would defund the network of hous-ing counselors and legal aid attorneys who help homeowners facing foreclosure. Homeowners who were tricked into buying a home with teaser rates that exploded into unaffordable payments. Homeowners who deserved a chance to catch up after a missed payment or two but were unable to get a response from their lend-er. And homeowners like Alan Schroit. Alan, a retired cancer researcher, visited his rental house in Galveston, Texas. He found the locks had been changed, the electricity shut off and a notice on the door said Bank of America was foreclosing on his home. Alan did not have a mortgage with Bank of Amer-ica. Alan didn’t even have a mortgage. His home was paid off. It took him 30 days to get someone at Bank of America to call him back. Homeowners like Nilly Mauck who lost all her possessions when a company mistakenly evicted her instead of her neighbor. Or homeowners like Charlie and Maria Cardoso who bought their retirement home with cash in 2005. While they continued living in their primary home, they rented their retire-ment home out. Their tenants came home one day to find the house cleared of all the pos-sessions—again by Bank of America. Nilly, Alan and Charlie and Maria’s fore-closures were some of thirteen million be-tween 2006–2010. Far too many of them were fraudulent, people foreclosed on by firms who did not have clear title to the property. A sig-nificant number of these foreclosures could have been prevented if the lenders involved had followed the law. The new book, Chain of Title, by David Dayen reports that across our nation, homeowners who should have re-ceived assistance with a loan modification, or allowed to cure a delinquency, instead were hit with outrageous late fines, sold over-priced forced-placed insurance, punished with month-ly property inspection and other junk fees. Using robo-signing, their eviction papers were signed by people who had no ownership of the loan. Congress and the states demanded change. Legal settlements pursued by the Department of Justice, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the banking regulators and the states made sure that people have a fighting chance against deep-pocketed multi- national corporations. And yes, to correct this massive wrongdoing required that Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Ally Financial and others pay fines. Some of those fines supported non-profit agencies who knew how to get banks to respond to homeowners and follow the law. The funds supported legal aid attorneys who knew how to ensure the banking doing the eviction actually had a right to the property. When lenders foreclose on the wrong people, or lie about their ownership of a mortgage, there should be consequences. When we require banks to fund housing counseling and legal aid agencies, we leveled the playing field. We realized it was unfair to require each individual person to figure out the unresponsive, complicated and too often pred-atory home mortgage market on their own. I oppose gutting initiatives to help home-owners, small business owners and families do battle with global corporations who have defrauded them out of their home or business, polluted their water or land or harmed their health. Therefore I will oppose H.R. 5063. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 8, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of conservative icon and founder of the Eagle Forum Phyllis Schlafly. Phyllis Schlafly was a courageous and de-termined leader who spent her entire adult life fighting for America and our traditional family values. She stood up and spoke up when oth-ers did not. She was a fearless and outspoken defender of the unborn—and a leading voice in pro-tecting America’s sovereignty and supporting the U.S. military. Until her final day on Earth, Phyllis Schlafly fought tirelessly for these commonsense prin-ciples and the conservative foundations that have made America strong. She never stopped exposing the absurdity of the liberal left and the appalling failures of the policies they advocate. Often referred to as the ‘‘First Lady of the Conservative Movement,’’ Phyllis Schlafly’s leadership, candor and tenacity was a breath of fresh air—and it will be greatly missed. While we have lost a powerful voice and ad-vocate for the American people, we can be certain that Phyllis Schlafly’s tremendous pride in America and passion for the conservative movement will undoubtedly live on and con-tinue to inspire future conservative leaders for generations to come. My thoughts and prayers are with the entire Schlafly family during this very difficult time. On behalf of the many Americans she in-spired, we say thank you. f 
INTRODUCING THE IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE RELIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce H.R. 5961, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability Act of 2016. Since ISIS’ blitzkrieg across the multi-ethnic and religiously diverse mosaic of east-ern Syria and western Iraq in 2014, I have chaired four hearings focused on the implica-tions of this appalling advance for religious and ethnic minorities in those areas. Events in the region and the expert testimony of wit-nesses quickly revealed that ISIS was not merely focused on territorial conquest—the group was ideologically committed to extermi-nating ancient religious communities and cleansing its self-proclaimed caliphate of any-thing but its vicious and fundamentalist inter-pretation of Islam. Many of my colleagues and I were certain early on that ISIS was commit-ting genocide. We pressed the Administration to formally acknowledge that fact until the Secretary of State did so in March of this year. But the most pressing question issue has al-ways been the lives of those religious minori-ties right now that face extinction under this tyranny of terror. The Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Ac-countability Act of 2016 is an answer to the question of what the United States can do to mitigate this suffering, save lives, and build a more sustainable future for Syria and Iraq. The bill tackles this overwhelming challenge on three fronts by directing the Administration to take additional measures to improve the lives of displaced genocide survivors, provide some of them with an additional lifeline to es-cape their war torn lands, and support efforts that will help preserve the presence of reli-gious minority communities in those areas for years to come. In a hearing this May that I chaired called ‘‘The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.001 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1232 September 9, 2016 
Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus—who has been a leader in draw-ing attention to the plight of Christians in this conflict—testified that ‘‘Repeatedly we hear from Church leaders in the region that Chris-tians—and other genocide survivors—are last in line for assistance from governments.’’ We can and must do better. To that end, H.R. 5961 requires the Administration to assess and address the humanitarian vulnerabilities, needs, and triggers to flee, of religious and ethnic communities that were targeted for genocide or otherwise severely persecuted. It directs the Administration to fund entities that are effectively providing assistance to these communities and guarantees that faith-based organizations on the ground are not excluded from U.S. assistance. One such example is the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil, which provides assist-ance to internally displaced families of Yezidis, Muslims, and Christians, including food and resettlement from tents to permanent housing, as well as rental assistance, for Yezidis, med-ical care and education to Yezidis and Mus-lims through its clinics, schools, and univer-sity—which are open to everyone. The Arch-diocese provides some form of each of these kinds of assistance to all of the estimated 10,500 internally displaced Christian families in the greater Erbil region. Yet as it provides these critical services, it has not received a single penny from any government. H.R. 5961 is clear that the Administration must be sup-porting entities, regardless of whether they are faith-based, that are heroically providing as-sistance to genocide survivors on the ground. In recognition of the extraordinary suffering of these religious and ethnic communities, and their extraordinary vulnerability to persecution, H.R. 5961 requires the Administration to cre-ate a Priority Two, or ‘‘P–2,’’ visa category of special humanitarian concern that would pro-vide one additional avenue for genocide sur-vivors to seek resettlement in the United States through the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program. It is important to note that this is not a ‘‘fast track’’ to resettlement—P–2 applicants undergo the same security screening as all refugee applicants. But this special category allows them to access an overseas interview wherever the United States interviews refugee applicants, without needing a referral from the UN, an NGO, or a US Embassy, as is usually the case. This bill also addresses a critical factor that will influence the continued presence of small-er, vulnerable religious communities in Syria and Iraq beyond this conflict: accountability for those who perpetrate heinous crimes against them. H.R. 5961 directs the Administration to prioritize supporting the criminal investigation, prosecution, and conviction of perpetrators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. These efforts will be focused on fund-ing and supporting entities that are conducting criminal investigations, building Syrian and Iraqi investigative and judicial capacity, or col-lecting and preserving evidence for eventual use in domestic courts, hybrid courts, or inter-nationalized domestic courts. Whether they are members of the Assad regime, ISIS, or some of the Popular Mobilization Brigades in Iraq, there can be no impunity for individuals who committed these dreadful crimes. H.R. 5961 also directs the Administration to identify gaps in our criminal statutes to facili-tate the prosecution of American perpetrators, and non-Americans present in the United States, of crimes against humanity and war crimes. Without accountability, without humanitarian assistance reaching these religious and ethnic communities, we risk losing the invaluable, an-cient presence of these communities in these countries altogether. This will feed violent ex-tremism and dim the future of Iraq and Syria. I urge my House colleagues to support this measure that will deliver immediate assistance to genocide survivors, help prosecute and punish perpetrators, and invest in a sustain-able future for these persecuted religious and ethnic communities in the lands in which they have lived for so many generations. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO ED MORLAN 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Mr. Ed Morlan of Bayfield, Colorado. Ed has worked tirelessly for decades to grow the economy of South-west Colorado and provide opportunities for countless families in his community to suc-ceed and prosper. Ed’s life of service started before his work in local economic development when he fought for his country in three tours in Vietnam. For his actions he received a Purple Heart and a Silver Star. Returning from Vietnam, Ed set his sights on making a difference in his com-munity, becoming a town board member of Bayfield, CO, for five terms while also working with the Region 9 Economic Development Dis-trict of Southwest Colorado, a nonprofit organi-zation that supports business startups, that has given more than $19 million to advance growth and opportunity in the region which en-compasses five counties and two Indian Res-ervations. Through his hard work over 27 years, as Executive Director of Region 9—a fledgling or-ganization with a $30,000 deficit when Ed took over in 1989. Ed has overseen an expansion of the organization that now boasts an oper-ating budget of close to $2 million dollars and has for decades been instrumental in the eco-nomic health of Southwest Colorado. The mining industry in Silverton, CO has faced several rounds of layoffs in recent dec-ades. Ed’s work with Region 9 has helped to offset many of these negative impacts by cre-ating a thriving environment for small busi-nesses. Through the years, under Ed’s direc-tion, Region 9 has assisted businesses from hardware stores, to ski areas, and even an animal hospital. Mr. Speaker, Ed Morlan is an outstanding citizen of Colorado’s Third Congressional Dis-trict. He embodies the spirit of entrepreneur-ship and commitment to community that makes this such a special place to live. With-out Ed’s hard work, many rural businesses would not be thriving today. Although Ed is re-tiring from Region 9, he plans on continuing to help the community. On behalf of the people of Colorado’s Third District I want to thank Ed for his work, and service to his country and community. We wish him the very best in his future endeavors. CELEBRATING ‘‘EDDIE GAEDEL DAY’’ HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call the attention of my House col-leagues to one of the most unusual careers in our national pastime of baseball, one that began and ended with just one trip to the plate at Sportsman’s Park in St. Louis on August 19, 1951. In the bottom of the first inning, dur-ing the second game of a Sunday afternoon doubleheader against the Detroit Tigers, the St. Louis Browns sent a pinch hitter to the plate, 3′7′′ Eddie Gaedel, whose 65 pound weight made him the shortest and lightest player in Major League Baseball history. Wearing the uniform of the Browns nine year old batboy, Eddie drew a walk on four straight pitches from Detroit pitcher Bob Cain, and was replaced by a pinch runner. His one day professional baseball career came to an abrupt halt several days later when American League president Will Harridge voided Gaedel’s contract. Nevertheless, his place in baseball history was preserved in the record books as one of the only players to have a perfect 1.000 on base percentage for his en-tire career. Eddie Gaedel’s autograph is now worth more than Babe Ruth’s, and the bat he used in the game recently sold at auction for over fifty thousand dollars. St. Louis Browns owner Bill Veeck promised Eddie Gaedel immortality when he signed him to a contract to play for the Browns. In Spo-kane, WA, an organization works annually to help Eddie achieve the immortality he was promised. Founded in 2011 at O’Doherty Irish Grille and Pub, the Eddie Gaedel Society, Spokane Chapter No. 1 has launched a na-tional campaign to make each August 19th ‘‘Eddie Gaedel Fan Appreciation Day’’ in ball-parks everywhere. The club is also seeking Eddie Gaedel’s induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame, where his jersey bearing the number 1/8 was displayed for many years be-fore being returned to St. Louis, where it now hangs in the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame and Museum. I am a proud honorary member of that organization. Several years ago, Spokane Mayor David Condon declared August 19, ‘‘Eddie Gaedel Day’’ and St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay did so this year, the sixty-fifth anniversary of Eddie Gaedel’s one day, four pitch baseball career. In addition, the St. Louis Cardinals have made their home game on Friday, September 9, ‘‘Eddie Gaedel Bobblehead Night,’’ and will give away thirty thousand of the miniature statues of baseball’s smallest player to fans who attend their home game against the Mil-waukee Brewers. Of particular note is the fact that the St. Louis Browns batboy who literally gave Eddie Gaedel the shirt off his back in August of 1951 so he could go to bat, Bill DeWitt, Jr., is now principal owner of the St. Louis Cardinals. His son, Bill DeWitt III, is the team president. The DeWitt family’s involvement in professional baseball in both St. Louis and other cities stretches back over one hundred years. Bill DeWitt, Sr. sold the St. Louis Browns to Bill Veeck only weeks before Eddie came up to bat, and was serving as the team’s general manager at the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09SE8.001 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1233 September 9, 2016 
Several days after his one day career ended, Eddie Gaedel told a sportswriter ‘‘Any young fellow dreams of being a big leaguer— and that’s what I consider myself. I’ve got a Browns uniform with No. 1/8 on the back, a glove, and a contract. I’ve spent all my life in Chicago and never played ball, but I’ve always wanted to. I made up for it by becoming a red hot fan. I’ve followed the game for years.’’ Mr. Speaker, Eddie Gaedel was the one and only red hot fan who ever appeared in a Major League Baseball game, drawing a walk to first base and into the record books. On this sixty-fifth anniversary of his historic achieve-ment, I join with his many fans in Spokane, St. Louis, and around the baseball world in a tip of the cap to the immortal Eddie Gaedel. Take a walk, Eddie. 
f 
HONORING KAYL AUCH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Kayl Auch. Kayl is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1376, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Kayl has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Kayl has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Kayl has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Kayl built a tennis back-board located at Bennett Park in Liberty, Mis-souri, to allow people to practice tennis by themselves, along with providing the Liberty North High School tennis team the use of this facility during their practice times and during the off-season. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Kayl Auch for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIEL LEONARD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Daniel Leonard, of Mount Ayr, Iowa for earning the Gold Medal in ‘‘Electrical Construction Wiring’’ at the 2016 SkillsUSA competition. SkillsUSA is a collaborative effort among students, instructors and industry representa-tives to ensure the nation has a skilled work-force. The purpose of this championship is to reward students for excellence, involve indus-try professionals in directly evaluating stu-dents’ performance and keep training relevant to employers’ needs today. Daniel Leonard re-ceived the highest score ever awarded at this competition. He is a 2009 graduate of Mount Ayr High School, and earned his Associate of Arts degree from Southwestern Community College in Creston in 2011, completing his As-sociate of Applied Science degree in electrical technology in 2015. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Daniel Leonard demonstrates the rewards of har-nessing one’s talents and sharing them with the world. His efforts embody the Iowa spirit. I am honored to represent Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Daniel Leonard for his achievements and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
HONORING DANIEL FOSTER 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Daniel Foster. Daniel is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 378, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Daniel has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Daniel has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Dan-iel has led his troop as the patrol leader on two separate occasions. Daniel has also con-tributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Daniel collected stuffed animals and blankets for a shelter in the Kansas City area for children who have been removed from abusive situations. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Daniel Foster for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MS. ANN JOHNSON 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of my constituent, Ann Johnson, a re-cipient of the Presidential Award for Excel-lence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. This prestigious award is administered by the National Science Foundation on behalf of the White House Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy and recognizes outstanding teachers across the country for their contribu-tions to the teaching of mathematics and science. Ms. Johnson was awarded the Presi-dential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching for her dedication and work at the Sageville Elementary School in Dubuque, Iowa. Teachers like Ann enable students to realize their potential and pave the path for the next generation of doctors, engineers, and innovators. On behalf of the Dubuque commu-nity and the First District of Iowa, I sincerely thank Ann for her commitment to educating our children in mathematics and science. Congratulations on this impressive award. I am proud to represent Ann, an extraordinary educator, in Congress. f 
RECOGNIZING THE DOPE PROJECT FOR INSPIRING MESSAGE ABOUT FLINT 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing The Dope Project for the edu-cational opportunities it has provided to Flint high school students. The Dope Project was founded in 2013 by Fred Walker to teach youth how to be busi-ness leaders of tomorrow. The Dope Project stands for The Development of Positive En-ergy Project. TDP allows high school students to interact with business leaders as if they were in the real workplace. The program of-fers six-week workshops to teach business, leadership, and life skills to students as well as expose them to future career opportunities. The most recent TDP workshop created a commercial for the city of Flint. The commer-cial was created by Flint teenagers and sends an inspiring message about unity. The mes-sage of the video focuses on fighting against labels and not giving up on the city of Flint. It is my honor to represent such active and inspiring young members of our community. The message shared by these Flint students and TDP instills hope in the community of Flint and anyone who views their video. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work done by The Dope Project, Mr. Walker, and all the stu-dents involved in the program for their hard work and the services they have provided for the City of Flint. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD AND MARILYN ROBERTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donald and Marilyn Roberts on the very special occa-sion of their 65th wedding anniversary. Donald and Marilyn were married in the summer of 1951 and make their home in Stu-art, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love con-tinue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this lovely couple on their 65 years of life together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K09SE8.003 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1234 September 9, 2016 
IN RECOGNITION OF GOLDEN STATE FARM CREDIT 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Golden State Farm Credit for re-ceiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Ag Supporter of the Year award at the 2016 Kings County Salute to Ag Banquet. Golden State Farm Credit has been dedi-cated to lending to farmers, ranchers, and ag-ribusiness for ninety years, despite difficult economic climate. It is the largest financial service provider in California’s Central Valley. Golden State Farm Credit is a strong sup-porter of the agriculture industry and has helped Central Valley Farmers purchase real estate, develop property, and expand dairy fa-cilities. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing and congratulating Golden State Farm Credit for its service to Kings County and for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Ag Supporter of the Year award at the 2016 Kings County Salute to Ag Banquet. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISH-MENTS OF CLARESSA SHIELDS 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Claressa Shields for her history- making accomplishments as an athlete and Olympian, and continued commitment to the State of Michigan and to my hometown of Flint, Michigan. Introduced to boxing at a young age, Claressa has built an impressive career that boasts, among many victories in national and world championships, two successive gold medals from the 2012 Olympics in London and 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. This feat makes her the first American, male or fe-male, to win back-to-back gold medals in Box-ing. On August 23, 2016, upon her return from the Games of the XXXI Olympiad in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, my home town of Flint wel-comed home Claressa Shields in a celebration to spotlight her mark in history and inspiring story. Through her victories, Claressa has breathed life into the dreams of young athletes and individuals in Michigan and across the na-tion. She is a remarkable woman who credits her success, her journey, to hard work and her faith. Her support system has been a small group of dedicated individuals ranging from the coaches whom have driven her to victory, to her grandmother who taught her that gender could not hold her back. Now, Claressa, who describes herself as ‘‘just a kid from Flint,’’ is dedicating herself to supporting individuals, young and old, in Flint as they face the challenges of poverty, gun violence and the ongoing water crisis. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I submit Claressa Shields before the House as an example of not only a great athlete, but a great American. She represents the resilience of the American dream, and the strong, proud spirit of Flint, Michigan. I applaud Claressa for her dedica-tion to her sport, and her dedication to our community. The change that she will effect has only begun. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2016 JOHNSTON HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the John-ston High School Softball team for winning the Iowa Girls State Class 5A Softball Tournament on July 21, 2016. I would like to congratulate each member of the Team: Players: Brooke Sandstoe, Chloe Fehn, Kylee Walker, Olivia Goodale, Emily Flint, Hannah Espeland, Sydney Illg, Emma Ford, Alisha Rusch, Haley Pemble, Taylor Canny, Alyssa Shepherd, Mercedes Worsfold, Brooke Wilmes, Sophie Maras, Haylee Towers, Bailey Sutton, Madison Thilges, Halle Van Roekel, Ally Schaer, Ellie Roquet Manager: Eilise Murray Coaches: Todd Merical, Destiny Willer, Abby Sonner, Laura Calvert, Leah Embrey Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-dents and their coaches demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication, and persever-ance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating these young women for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
CALIFORNIA WATER SUPPLY SHORTAGE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the following: 
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING  (By Cannon Michael, Sept. 8, 2016) California’s water supply shortage is a mi-crocosm of what’s wrong in U.S. politics. The San Joaquin Valley in Central California is the most productive agricultural area in the world and is the envy of many countries that rely on imported food supplies because their climate or soil is not suitable to sustain farming. But California’s water supply to this region has been critically curtailed by the government’s inability to manage water resources. That breakdown caused President Obama to visit the Central Valley in 2014 and sit down with farmers to hear about water sup-ply problems. Several members of his admin-istration, including the Secretary of Interior and recently the Secretary of Commerce, have personally visited the area and listened to local business and community leaders talk about their concern for the future of the region. Former Speaker John Boehner and numerous members of Congress, including Senate Energy Committee Chairwoman Lisa Murkowski, have toured the ravaged area and committed to work with their colleagues to assist Central Valley communities. Re-publican members of Congress, including Ma-jority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Rep. David Valadao, as well as their Democratic colleagues, Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Jim Costa, have introduced legislation to try to fix the problem. Remarkably, the highest leadership in the country has focused on the water supply problem and a bipartisan group of legislators has been working on legislative solutions. They all claim that the status quo is unac-ceptable. And what has happened? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. This is why so many people are frustrated with politics as usual and are demanding that things change. We have an identified problem—a water delivery system that has been completely overrun and strangled by a regulatory process run amok. We have a water delivery system that was brilliantly designed and constructed decades ago to withstand five consecutive years of extreme drought, but when the state is blessed with rainfall and snowpack, as we were this year, the system still can’t even provide water to communities. As a result, a key part of the U.S. food supply is in jeopardy and millions of Californians are seeing an important part of their state in decline. Many people outside of California often ask why this is happening to such a produc-tive area of the country? Unfortunately, there is no acceptable answer. The current policies restricting water deliveries are in-tended to protect endangered species, but those policies have failed miserably. Despite the massive redistribution of water from people, schools, communities and farms in a misguided attempt to save a fish, the fish populations have actually declined. After three very dry years, California had a wet winter in early 2016 but rather than using the water to re-supply reservoirs and com-munities, the government sent over 200 bil-lion gallons of water into the ocean. The re-sult? Dead fish, depleted reservoirs, and dying communities. Nobody wins. This is not a recent problem; the water system has been failing for more than 20 years. Part of the problem is that progress on a solution is being held hostage by federal agencies that are serving narrow interests and creating legal issues that prohibit any progress toward achieving comprehensive so-lutions. The agencies’ water management policies might be defensible if the policies were working and providing some beneficial result. But farmland continues to die out, jobs have been lost, fish populations are at greater risk, land subsidence and other envi-ronmental consequences are continuing, and poverty rates are rising in the impacted communities. The result, agencies hide be-hind the law and the Administration and Congress have been unable to agree on a so-lution that will reverse this horrible decline. To be fair, there are efforts from both sides of the aisle working to solve the problem. S. 1894 or S. 2533 (Feinstein) and HR 2898 (Valadao) are proposing to modify current policies and rein in federal agencies. These are not radical proposals, but are measured policy changes designed to improve all the outcomes—increased water supply for com-munities, better water management, and in-creased funding for environmental programs. This is what government is supposed to do— find solutions that are compatible with a va-riety of interests. With the critical period for California water supply system to be replenished arriv-ing in less than six months, Congress has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.004 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1235 September 9, 2016 
very little time to act on legislation. For farmers and farmworkers, planning and fi-nancial decisions about crops and food pro-duction and hiring start long before planting season begins in February. There is no more time to waste. Absolutely nothing is no longer acceptable. Congress needs to pass legislation that solves this decades-long problem. If they do not, absolutely nothing is what they should expect from us in return. f 
RECOGNIZING DORIS M. JACQUES AS SHE RECEIVES THE GOV-ERNOR GEORGE ROMNEY LIFE-TIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Doris M. Jacques of Saginaw for her unwavering commitment to serving her community. The Michigan Community Service Commis-sion will award Ms. Jacques the Governor George Romney Lifetime Achievement Award. The award honors an individual, usually a sen-ior citizen, who has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to community involvement and volunteer service. Ms. Jacques began her service career in the 1950’s at St. Stephen’s Church (now St. Dominic Parish) completing miscellaneous er-rands around the church, co-chaired the ‘‘First Nighter’s’’ family entertainment series for 19 years, organized the first church library and served on the funeral luncheon ministry. The more Ms. Jacques involved herself in service, the more friends she made, the more she accomplished and the more sense of pur-pose she experienced. This led her to volun-teer with the Volunteer Auxiliary at St. Mary’s of Michigan hospital in 1960, where she is cur-rently the longest serving volunteer with well over 50,000 hours. Ms. Jacques is a co-founder of the Hospital Gift Shop, frequented by hospital visitors, staff and community members seeking gifts and sundries. In 1981 she co-founded Timeless Treasures Thrift Store, dedicated to providing low-cost household and clothing items for the needy. During her 55 year tenure at the hos-pital, Ms. Jacques’ inspiring leadership has helped raise $3.5 million through Auxiliary fundraisers, vendor sales, and sales proceeds from the Gift Shop and the Thrift Shop. These proceeds have been used by the hospital for major medical equipment purchases, two Can-cer Care Vans and renovations. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Doris M. Jacques for her magnanimity and unyielding commitment to philanthropy. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. TONY WILLIAM D
EGROOT 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the late Tony William DeGroot for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Commitment to Kings County Agri-culture Award. Raised in Bennekom, Netherlands, Mr. DeGroot was the youngest of eleven children. During World War II, Mr. DeGroot’s family was heavily involved in the Dutch Resistance, which led to his admiration of the bravery of the American soldiers and later his emigration to the United States at the age of twenty-one. On May 15, 1957, Mr. DeGroot and his wife, Betty, were married in Hollandale, Minnesota. They later moved to Southern California in 1959, and five years later they began their successful dairy farm operation in the Central Valley. In 1965, Mr. DeGroot became a found-ing member of the Visalia Christian Reformed Church where he worshiped, sang in the choir, and led song service. He was also a youth group leader and hosted Bible studies with his wife. Having been a dairy farmer, Mr. DeGroot was significantly involved in the dairy commu-nity of the Central Valley for many years. He was passionate about involving future genera-tions in the industry and supported participants in FFA and 4–H. He served on the board for Rabobank and Alltech, among others. Mr. DeGroot was also one of the developers of DG Bar Ranch, which he started for his wife. In September of 2015, Mr. DeGroot passed at the age of eighty in a plane accident while on a fishing trip in Alaska, doing what he loved. He had a great sense for adventure, loved agriculture, and cared deeply for his family. He was a remarkable man who was hospitable to all who entered his life. Mr. DeGroot is survived by his loving wife, Betty, daughter, Rochelle, son, Tony, and grandson Jason. Mr. DeGroot was unanimously selected by the Kings County Agriculture Selection Com-mittee as the honoree for this award due to his important contributions to the agriculture industry in the Central Valley. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending the late Tony William DeGroot for receiving the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce Lifetime Commitment to Kings County Agriculture Award. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 80TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SCHUYLKILL UNITED WAY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Schuylkill United Way, which celebrates its 80th anniversary today, September 9, 2016. The Schuylkill United Way is dedicated to providing funding, guidance, and encouragement to partner organizations that provide a variety of programs and serv-ices to the residents of Schuylkill County. The Schuylkill United Way supports fifteen organi-zations and has provided invaluable assist-ance to the Schuylkill County community over the last 80 years. The organization was founded in 1936 to help local groups that offered human services at little or no cost. Originally known as the Community Chest, the organization became an independent member of United Way World-wide in 1976 and changed its name to Schuyl-kill United Way. Today, Schuylkill United Way partners with entities such as American Red Cross, Big Brothers Big Sisters, Salvation Army, Boy Scouts of America, Girl Scouts in the Heart of Pennsylvania and Meals on Wheels. Partnering efforts and contributions come from local businesses and individuals alike, and ninety-nine percent of the assistance mar-shalled stays within Schuylkill County. Schuyl-kill United Way organizes events like Stuff the Bus, which provides school supplies to chil-dren in need, and the Captain Jason B. Jones Day of Caring, where volunteers donate their time working at nonprofit and government lo-cations. It is an honor to recognize the Schuylkill United Way as it celebrates 80 years of help-ing others. I am deeply grateful for the many services they provide to the people of Schuyl-kill County. May they continue their great work for welfare of their neighbors for many years to come. f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICIA YOUNG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Patricia Young of Jamaica, Iowa for receiving the Life-time Achievement Award from the National Al-liance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors (NASTAD). Ms. Young manages the Iowa HIV and Hep-atitis Prevention Program. She earned the award because of her passion, leadership and dedication in working to improve the lives of people living with HIV and hepatitis as well as her tireless service and devotion to NASTAD. She has engaged in HIV prevention and care for nearly three decades and has held many roles in the Iowa Department of Health includ-ing prevention, care and community planning. Mr. Speaker, it’s an honor to represent Iowans like Patricia Young in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but contin-ued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DOCTOR SAMUEL SHAHEEN AND THE SHAHEEN FAMILY AS THEY RECEIVE THE COMMUNITY PHILANTHROPY AWARD 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family for their unwavering commitment to the betterment of their local community. The Sha-heen family was selected as the 2016 recipi-ent for the Community Philanthropy Award presented by the Council of Michigan Founda-tions, the Michigan Nonprofit Association and the Governor’s office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.006 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1236 September 9, 2016 
The members of the family honored as re-cipients include Dr. Samuel Shaheen and his wife, Holly, brother and sister-in-law, Peter and Kari Shaheen, sister and brother-in-law, Sabrina and Kevin Cronin, and parents Patri-cia and the late Dr. Samuel ‘‘Doc’’ Shaheen. As the Member of Congress representing the Fifth District of Michigan, I am honored to have constituents like Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family. Much can be said of the many charitable accomplishments of this wonderful family. The Temple Theatre, the Saginaw Bay Symphony Orchestra, the Mid-Michigan Chil-dren’s Museum and the Saginaw Art Museum have all benefitted so much as a result of Dr. Shaheen’s personal contributions of time, ef-fort, fundraising and selfless giving. Through his efforts with the Saginaw County Chamber of Commerce and Saginaw Future, Sam has also worked diligently for the eco-nomic betterment of the local community—de-veloping both a thriving surgical practice and building a dynamic real estate development company. These results have provided com-munity leaders with inspiration, hope and an unprecedented level of optimism. Dr. Samuel J. Shaheen and his family are people of tremendous substance and accom-plishment. Sam has vision and makes things happen through an unwavering commitment to achieving results for his community. The chari-table impact he has made is immeasurable. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Dr. Samuel J. Sha-heen and his family for their strong leadership and unyielding commitment to philanthropy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JEFF KESTER ON WINNING THE R. LAYNE MOR-RILL AWARD 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and congratulate Jeff Kester, current board president of the Greater Springfield Board of REALTORS, on being presented the R. Layne Morrill Award by the Member Boards and Associations of the Missouri REALTORS. The R. Layne Morrill Award aims to recog-nize one person who has made it their goal, through political involvement, to advance RE-ALTORS in Missouri’s legislative agenda. Jeff Kester has spent 21 years as an advo-cate for Missouri REALTORS. I am honored to recognize Jeff Kester, and I congratulate him on receiving the 2016 R. Layne Morrill Award. 
f 
FRANCESC DE PAULA SOLER 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to once again pay tribute to Francesc de Paula Soler, a gifted and world-renowned musician. Mr. Soler grew up in Spain and comes from a Catalan family of well-known artists. He began studying the guitar at the age of six and was completely immersed in it by age 11, earning the highest honors in the prestigious Conservatorio Superior de Musica in Bar-celona, Spain. Mr. Soler received rigorous training from legendary guitarists Andres Segovia, known as the ‘‘Father of Classical Guitar,’’ and Narciso Yepes. Mr. Soler has become a legend in his own right due to his unique skills in conveying emotions through the strings of his guitar. Mr. Soler has performed in music halls and audito-riums throughout the United States and Eu-rope for audiences of all ages and back-grounds. Some of the venues include the Li-brary of Congress, the Levine School of Music and the Acheson Auditorium at the United States Department of State. Commonly known as the ‘‘Poet of the Gui-tar,’’ Mr. Soler has received numerous awards and recognitions, including: Medal of St. Vladi-mir of the Russian Orthodox Church, Honorary Citizen of Dallas, Honorary Citizen of Corpus Christi, Golden Key of the Corpus Christi City, Medal of the U.S. Military Academy and the Plaque of the Catalan Catholic Church Coun-cil. In commemoration of Hispanic Heritage Month and the positive contributions of His-panic-Americans throughout our nation’s his-tory, Mr. Soler will once again grace the Li-brary of Congress with his music. I encourage all of my colleagues to attend Mr. Soler’s con-cert on September 16, 2016 as we commemo-rate the 400th Anniversary of the death of Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, author of the most influential work of literature in the Span-ish language—Don Quijote de la Mancha. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Francesc de Paula Soler for his contributions to the world of music. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. GARY ESAJIAN 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Mr. Gary Esajian on being honored as the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce 2016 Agriculturalist of the Year. Mr. Gary Esajian’s family has lived in the Central Valley since the 1920’s, and as a third generation Kings County farmer, he has great-ly contributed to the community throughout his life. Mr. Esajian has shown dedication to his hometown of Lemoore and the Central Valley for decades through both his community work and success as a farmer. As a farmer, Mr. Esajian grows many different crops including almonds, pistachios, garlic, tomatoes, wine grapes, walnuts, and onions. Mr. Esajian has further shown his service to the community by serving as the Westlands Water District Board of Directors for fourteen years, as a Board member of the San Joaquin Valley Cotton Board, and as the Director of a Suncrest Bank in Visalia. In regards to Califor-nia’s current drought issue, Mr. Esajian con-ducted a study on water in California, specifi-cally the impacts to Kings and Fresno Coun-ties, which has benefited his peers greatly. Known for being unassuming and humble, upon receiving his award Mr. Esajian credited his family’s long agricultural history and not his own success. He is also known for being a hardworking and organized man, who suc-cessfully achieves whatever he puts his mind to. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Mr. Gary Esajian on his dedicated service to the Central Valley and on being honored as the Lemoore Chamber of Commerce 2016 Agriculturalist of the Year. f 
TRIBUTE TO KIM AVEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kim Avey for being honored in her community as the 2016 Good Egg Days Citizen of the Year. Ms. Avey is a great volunteer throughout the community, helping at Scoop the Loop and the local skating rink. She also works as a rural mail delivery person, well-known to go out of her way to make sure her route patrons get their mail in the best shape and in a timely manner. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Kim Avey in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 8, 2016, I was unavoidably de-tained and missed a roll call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘aye’’ on roll call vote No. 491. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OTIS REDDING, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a brilliant artist, homegrown legend, and loving father, the Late Great Otis Redding, Jr. In recognition of Otis Redding’s contribution to music that touched souls across the world, the Redding Foundation will be celebrating what would be his 75th birthday the weekend of September 9 through Sep-tember 11, 2016 in Macon, Georgia. Otis Redding was born in Dawson, Georgia on September 9, 1941. At a young age, he and his family moved to Macon, where he began singing at Vineville Baptist Church. Em-bracing his budding musicianship, he joined the school band at Ballard-Hudson High School and competed in the Douglass Theatre talent show. After winning the talent show fif-teen consecutive times, he was no longer al-lowed to compete. However, this certainly did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K09SE8.011 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1237 September 9, 2016 
not discourage him from embarking on his path to becoming the King of Soul. In 1958, Otis Redding officially began his professional music career when he joined Johnny Jenkins and the Pinetoppers. After the group finished recording with Booker T. and the MGs, Mr. Redding wanted to use the last few minutes at the end of the session to sing for everyone. As he started to sing what would become his first hit single of 17 hit singles in a row, ‘‘These Arms of Mine,’’ everyone in the studio became captivated by his voice. Jim Stewart, then co-owner of Stax Records, came running into the studio and began yelling, ‘‘That’s it! That’s it! Where is everybody? We gotta get this on tape!’’ A man with his own voice and a unique sound, Otis Redding’s short but spectacular music career led to his releasing hit single after hit single, including ‘‘I’ve Been Loving You Too Long,’’ ‘‘Respect,’’ and ‘‘Try A Little Tenderness.’’ On his journey to becoming the King of Soul, he performed across the country and the world with shows in the United States, Canada, Europe, and the Caribbean. In 1965, his business acumen allowed him to create his own label: Jotis Records. His concerts were box office smashes, some of the biggest of any performer during his time. In 1966, Otis Redding received the NAACP Lifetime Membership Award. The National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences (NARAS) nominated him for awards in three categories for his recordings from 1967. He also accrued countless other honors and rec-ognition for his music after his passing in De-cember 1967, most notably of which are two 1969 Grammys for Best R&B Vocal Perform-ance and Best Rhythm & Blues Song for his number one hit single, ‘‘(Sittin’ On) The Dock of the Bay;’’ the 1999 Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award; and his 1998, 2011, and 2015 Grammy Hall of Fame Inductions. Otis Redding was much more than his beautiful voice. Above all else, he was a fam-ily man. He married his wife, Zelma, in August of 1961 and together, they raised three won-derful children: Dexter, Karla, and Otis Red-ding, Ill. Mrs. Redding also adopted Demetria after Mr. Redding’s passing. There was a spe-cial place in Otis Redding’s heart and soul re-served only for his family. He worked tirelessly to provide for them. His ambition, drive, and sacrifices paid off when he was able to move his family to ‘‘The Big O Ranch’’ in 1965, a 300-acre property in Round Oak, Georgia. Reflected in the mission of the Otis Redding Foundation, which was established in 2007 by Mrs. Zelma Redding in her late husband’s honor, Otis Redding was dedicated to improv-ing the quality of life for his community through education and empowerment. Those who knew Otis Redding personally speak fondly of him and his closest friends described him as a wonderful person to be around, and always 100 percent full of energy. They re-member him being big in every way: phys-ically, in his talent, in wisdom about other peo-ple, and in his love for his family and commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in recognizing Otis Redding, Jr. for his remarkable accomplishments as a pioneering and world-renowned musician. His timeless talent and everlasting legacy live on in the hearts of those who loved him and will continue to be remembered by generations to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY AND WALTER COZIAHR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Nancy and Wal-ter Coziahr of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They were married June 8, 1956 in Council Bluffs. Nancy and Walter’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Mary, David, Tom, and Jane, as well as their eight grand-children, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories and for continued hope for the future. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
HONORING GEORGE ALTAMURA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor George Altamura, who is being recognized for his support of young Latino leaders at the 33rd Annual Napa Coun-ty Hispanic Network Scholarship Gala. Mr. Altamura was born in Buffalo, New York, and fulfilled a long-held dream when he moved to California in 1949 following his high school graduation. After settling in Napa County, Mr. Altamura worked as a carpenter’s apprentice before he eventually earned his contractor’s license. Only three years after moving to Napa County, Mr. Altamura started his own company, Altamura Enterprises and embarked on a successful career purchasing and developing property. Just as impressive as Mr. Altamura’s profes-sional successes is his dedication to giving back to our community. Together with his wife Jackie, Mr. Altamura has been an incredible supporter of our Latino community and has sponsored multiple scholarships through the Hispanic Network each year for more than two decades. Many of the young leaders the Altamuras’ have supported now live and work throughout Napa County, ensuring that the Altamuras’ legacy of civic engagement and community service will be carried on for gen-erations to come. Mr. Altamura is the founder and president of Hands Across the Valley and the Napa Sher-iff’s Youth Activity, both of which aim to help those in need, and young people in particular, throughout our community. Furthermore, Mr. Altamura has supported the important work of organizations like Queen of the Valley Hos-pital, Uptown Theater Napa, and Meals on Wheels. Mr. Speaker, George Altamura has not only achieved his own American dream, but he has worked hard to ensure that young people throughout our community will have a fair shot at achieving theirs, too. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF THE NAVY OF-FICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL 
HON. J. RANDY FORBES 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues in the House to join me in honoring the Department of the Navy Office of the Gen-eral Counsel as it celebrates 75 years of pro-viding timely, effective, and candid legal ad-vice and counsel to the Navy and Marine Corps. The origins of DON OGC can be traced back to 1862, when the first civilian attorney was appointed to serve as Solicitor of the Navy. However, it was not until September 10, 1941, when James Forrestal, then Under Sec-retary of the Navy, recruited attorneys from private practice and formally established DON OGC’s predecessor organization, the Procure-ment Legal Division, to consistently address the numerous legal issues surrounding the rapid increase in volume and complexity of ship and aircraft acquisition during World War II mobilization efforts. Over the last three quarters of a century, what began as a small cadre of civilian attor-neys has evolved into an elite government law firm composed of civilian and military attor-neys, and professional support staff, located in 140 offices worldwide. In addition, DON OGC has expanded its practice areas beyond busi-ness and commercial law to include acquisi-tion integrity, federal employment/labor law, environmental law, fiscal law, intellectual prop-erty law, real estate law, ethics and standards of conduct, energy law, Freedom of Informa-tion Act/Privacy Act, intelligence law, cyber se-curity law, arms control law, legislation, and litigation, to ensure its attorneys possess the expertise needed to support the multifaceted mission of the warfighter. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate DON OGC on 75 years of dedicated service to our Sailors and Marines across the globe, and wish DON OGC continued success in expertly navigating the legal challenges confronting the Navy and the Marine Corps and significantly contributing to the national defense. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOIS AND DAVID AISTROPE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Lois and David Aistrope of Randolph, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 10, 2016. Lois and David’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Duane, Doug, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.015 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1238 September 9, 2016 
and Dalene, seven grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MOUNT ZION BAP-TIST CHURCH 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus of the 114th Congress to commemo-rate the sesquicentennial anniversary of Mount Zion Baptist Church, located in Arlington, Vir-ginia. Mr. Speaker, Mount Zion Baptist Church has been blessed to serve as the spiritual home and faith community for thousands of people over the last 150 years. Founded in 1866, a year after the U.S. Congress passed the 13th Amendment to abolish slavery; Mount Zion Baptist Church was organized under the leadership of Reverend Joseph Matthews. In 1914, Reverend James E. Green was elected pastor after many years of service. The Church relocated twice during Reverend Green’s pastorate with property being pur-chased at 19th and Lowell Streets in 1944. In 1956, Doctor Oswald G. Smith had the vision to establish a Deacon’s Fund to assist the community in meeting emergency costs for medicine, shelter, and other necessities. Finally, in March 1992, Bishop Leonard N. Smith was installed as Mount Zion’s ninth sen-ior minister. Today, under Bishop Smith’s leadership, the Church remains a place of worship and fellowship for its community and surrounding communities. With a mission focused on preserving the precepts of its rich heritage, Mount Zion con-tinues to experience blessings in ways that were once thought to be unimaginable. Recent accomplishments of Mount Zion include signifi-cant growth in membership, rededication of a refurbished and modernized facility in 2012, purchase of 22 acres of land in Woodbridge, VA in order to further the mission, and wide community outreach that spans from radio to social media. I am confident that Mount Zion will continue to serve its congregants and community for generations to come. By the grace of God, Mount Zion Baptist Church has survived the test of time and is still going strong today. While the frame of Mount Zion has undergone many renovations, its faith remains the same—firmly rooted in Christ. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the rich history and accomplishments of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Arlington, Virginia. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Bishop Smith, the congregation, and the residents of Arlington on this truly momentous occasion. RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAOR-DINARY AUGUSTO BORDELOIS HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Augusto Bordelois, an internation-ally acclaimed artist who is opening a new art studio, Augusto Fine Art, in Berea, Ohio, this week. Augusto has a deep connection to Berea, as the city has been his home since 1999. Augusto Fine Art studio will establish a dedi-cated art space for the entire community, building Berea, brick by brick, in the same way Augusto creates his own artwork. At the new location Augusto will be teaching jointly with watercolorist Nancy Notarianni, who will also have a gallery in the Berea stu-dio. His vision is to create a centralized space that will foster community and collaboration among local Cleveland-area artists who wish to teach or display their work, and by Cleve-land-area residents who wish to connect with their artistic, creative side. Augusto, who emigrated from Cuba as a young man, describes his painting style as ‘magic realism’ that has been largely influ-enced by the Renaissance, as is typical for prominent and gifted artists from Latin Amer-ica and the Caribbean. He graduated from the University of Havana in Cuba, and has an in-estimable and broad knowledge base that he is more than willing to share with others. Augusto is a natural and enthusiastic leader and an active member of the arts community in Northern Ohio, where he is a teaching artist and member of the Center for Arts-Inspired Learning, the Ohio Arts Council, and most re-cently The Art House. He has been awarded ‘Best in Show’ and an Ohio Arts Council Spe-cial award at the Ohio State Fair Fine Arts ex-hibition. Through his leadership in judging Ohio’s 9th Congressional District’s annual Art Caucus competition for promising high school artists, I have been fortunate to witness firsthand his influence across Northern Ohio, and his pas-sion for helping others reach their full poten-tial. I greatly appreciate his efforts to continue fostering and promoting a growing art commu-nity. Augusto’s passion has inspired resur-gence in community art and, through the new Augusto Fine Art Studio, a dedication to in-creased access to community art spaces. Northern Ohio should have a minimum of 1,000 art studios across our lush region, which has a natural beauty and rich culture, and Augusto is a leader in reaching that goal. The arts have long been celebrated throughout northern Ohio, with each region hosting multiple arts festivals, in addition to the many small, locally owned shops that pop-ulate the region. From the Black Swamp Arts Festival in Bowling Green to the FireFish Arts Festival in Lorain, there are many opportuni-ties to be immersed in the local northern Ohio art scene. I greatly admire Augusto Bordelois and cele-brate his vision and legacy in northern Ohio. His unwavering dedication to teaching and promoting the arts has made a lasting mark. Please join me to congratulate and cele-brate Augusto Bordelois on this exciting next phase. COMMENDING THE NORTH CARO-LINA JUSTICE CENTER’S 2016 CHAMPIONS OF JUSTICE HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize five individuals from my home state of North Carolina who are being honored as Champions of Justice by the North Carolina Justice Center: Former North Caro-lina Governor Jim Hunt, President of the NC State AFL–CIO James Andrews, North Caro-lina State Representative Henry ‘‘Mickey’’ Michaux Jr., former University of North Caro-lina System President Tom Ross, and former North Carolina State Senator Leslie Winner. I also applaud Former Chief Justice I. Beverly Lake, Jr. on being presented with the Center’s Executive Director Award for Service. Mr. Speaker, these individuals will be hon-ored by the North Carolina Justice Center at its 20th Annual Champion of Justice Gala on September 10, 2016 in Raleigh, North Caro-lina. Since its founding in 1996, the North Carolina Justice Center has been a leader in progressive research and advocacy for eco-nomic and social justice in North Carolina. The Center focuses on issues of concern to low- and middle-income North Carolinians by en-suring access to resources, services, and fair treatment for all. Former North Carolina Governor Jim Hunt is a native of my hometown, Wilson, North Caro-lina. He will be presented with the Champion of Justice Award for his work on behalf of North Carolina’s students, families, and com-munities in the areas of education and equal rights during his record four terms as gov-ernor. Mr. James Andrews is the current President of the North Carolina state AFL–CIO, and the first full-time elected African-American state federation president in the country’s history. A Vietnam Veteran and recipient of the Purple Heart, Mr. Andrews has been a lifelong and passionate activist for civil rights and social justice in North Carolina and has also served on the AFL–CIO’s Executive Council. The Honorable Henry ‘‘Mickey’’ Michaux, Jr. is the longest-serving member of the North Carolina General Assembly. A lifelong resident of Durham, North Carolina, Representative Michaux has dedicated his life and career to voting rights advocacy in North Carolina. He is a founding member and was the first chairman of the North Carolina Black Leadership Cau-cus. Mr. Thomas W. Ross, Sr. is the former president of the 17-campus University of North Carolina System. Prior to becoming President of the UNC System, Mr. Ross had a long ca-reer in education, where he served as Presi-dent of Davidson College, executive director of the Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation, and as a Superior Court judge. Ms. Leslie Winner is a three-term State Senator and a former Senate majority whip. She currently serves as the executive director of the Winston-Salem based Z. Smith Rey-nolds Foundation, where she has led the foun-dation’s statewide influence in civic, edu-cational, and philanthropic initiatives through grants to small nonprofits, and by supporting the creation of BEST NC, a group of business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.019 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1239 September 9, 2016 
leaders who present elected officials with a business rationale and recommendations for supporting public education. The Honorable I. Beverly Lake, Jr. is a former Chief Justice on the North Carolina Su-preme Court and the driving force behind North Carolina’s nationally recognized Actual Innocence Commission. He has devoted his career to public service. He will be presented with the Executive Director Award for Service to North Carolina for his work on criminal jus-tice reform. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing these outstanding North Carolinians, who have selflessly sought justice and equality for their fellow citizens. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ESTEL AND MARVA LEA SHARON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Estel and Marva Lea Sharon on the very special occa-sion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Estel and Marva Lea were married on June 17, 1956 and make their home in Guthrie Center, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this lovely couple on their 60 years of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO THE VICTIMS OF THE 9/11 TERRORIST ATTACK 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of those who lost their lives in terrorist attacks that occurred fifteen years ago on September 11, 2001. I was blocks away from the World Trade Center on that morning and will never forget the horror we faced in New York City. Nearly 3,000 people lost their lives in a senseless act of hatred. As we re-flect on that terrible tragedy, we are reminded of the resiliency of the people of New York and our Country as a whole. Today, we honor their memories and thank our brave first responders who selflessly rushed forward to save as many people as they could. While we can never fully express our gratitude for the sacrifices of the many po-lice, fire and emergency personnel, we can come together as Americans and provide those heroes with the continued respect and care they deserve. The actions of the first re-sponders are a testament to the power of working with one another. Although these attacks left us shaken, they did not destroy us. We were able to rebound and grow stronger. We put aside our dif-ferences and rose together as one nation. On that day, we were not concerned with past dis-agreements or misunderstandings or partisan politics. This year, on September 11, let us not only remember those we lost with moments of silence and memorial ceremonies. Let us also commemorate them by once again setting aside our differences and becoming united as Americans. f 
IN HONOR OF REPRESENTATIVE ED JUTILA UPON HIS RETIRE-MENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank an outstanding public servant for his many years of service to my home state of Connecticut. Mr. Ed Jutila has served as State Representative for the 37th District of Con-necticut since 2005, where he earned a rep-utation of pragmatism and commitment to the residents of East Lyme and Salem. When he retires from public service at the end of this term, he will wrap up a robust and multi-faceted career serving his community. Ed served on the local Democratic Town Com-mittee, the East Lyme Board of Selectmen, Charter Revision Commission, and as Deputy Town Meeting Moderator. His lifetime of serv-ice began at age 15 when he joined the junior firefighters. In the State House, Ed currently serves as the Chairman of the Government Administra-tion and Elections Committee as well as a member of the Transportation Committee. He also served as vice chairman of the General Law Committee and Public Safety and Secu-rity Committee and as assistant majority lead-er and deputy majority whip. His constituents know him as a friendly, warm and completely dedicated stalwart in the community. In his ca-pacity on the Transportation Committee, he successfully advocated for expansion of the Shoreline East rail line to New London. Ed and I worked together towards gaining federal recognition of the Eightmile River as a Wild and Scenic watershed, an example of his commitment to protecting Eastern Connecti-cut’s natural beauty and precious resources. Although his time as an elected official will end at the conclusion of this term, I suspect that his involvement in Salem and East Lyme will not come to an end. For someone like Ed, community engagement is a way of life. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Ed for his decades of service, and wish him well in life after public service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PHYLLIS AND HAROLD SCHOLL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Phyllis and Har-old Scholl of Adair, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 10, 1956. Phyllis and Harold’s lifelong commitment to their six daughters, 13 grandchildren and one great-grandchild truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. f 
CELEBRATING NANCY MAST’S DIS-TINGUISHED WORK IN SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES MILI-TARY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nancy Mast for her outstanding leadership of The HUGS Project of Elkhart County. Having always been the type of individual to serve others, Nancy diligently searched for an organization that would benefit from her tal-ents as a seamstress. After scouring the inter-net, she came across a worthy cause known as The HUGS Project, which delivers cooling neckties (nicknamed ‘‘hugs’’) to American troops in the Middle East. In 2006, Nancy launched The HUGS Project of Elkhart County and made it her mission to help grow and steer this organization in the right direction. What began as a handful of volunteers in a basement is now a bustling organization with 50 volunteers that continues to grow to this very day. In Nancy’s capacity with The HUGS Project, she has overseen the shipping of approxi-mately 100,000 hugs and 50,000 pounds of ‘‘care’’ items, which include at least one hand-written note per box, to our troops. Her lasting commitment to such a worthy cause is a shin-ing example of devotion and selflessness in our very own Hoosier community. She had a dream of doing ‘‘something’’ for our troops that sacrifice so much for each of us every day— she has truly made that dream a reality. On behalf of Hoosiers in the Second Con-gressional District and as a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I would like to personally thank Nancy for the signifi-cant contributions she has made to the wellbeing of the U.S. military. Her dedication to selflessly serving those who protect Amer-ica means so much to me and all the military families across the world. In addition, I would like to extend my applause to every member of The HUGS Project. It is my hope that their organization continues to flourish with each passing year. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to state that on July 13, 2016, during House Roll Call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.022 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1240 September 9, 2016 
number 444, I incorrectly voted ‘‘aye’’ when I had intended to vote ‘‘nay.’’ I strongly support the administration’s imple-mentation of the Well Control Rule, which was developed in the wake of the disastrous Deep-water Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I would also like to state that I continue to advo-cate for adequate protection of our offshore natural resources and the conservation of our marine environment. 
f 
11 SEPTEMBER 2001—AMERICA REMAINS FEARLESS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, September 9/11. I was driving my Jeep to the courthouse where I was a judge. On radio station KILT, Willie Nelson was singing ‘‘Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain.’’ Suddenly, local radio newscaster Robert B. McEntire interrupted. An airplane had crashed into the north tower of the World Trade Center. Minutes later a second airplane crashed into the south tower of the World Trade Center in New York City. After I got to the courthouse we learned the Pentagon was hit. A fourth flight was headed towards D.C. But good folks on the flight took down the air-plane. They gave their lives so that others could live. Our Nation was under attack. The cold blooded, calculated massacre was done by 19 radical Islamic jihadists who mur-dered in the name of religion. America stood hand in hand that day. United. First Responders rushed to the scene, pull-ing people from the rubble. They were peace officers, firefighters, paramedics and everyday folks. Many of them died that day. Today we remember them all. The ones who were mur-dered, and the ones who gave their lives res-cuing the victims. Mr. Speaker, America sur-vived that day. And America remains fearless on every front. And that is just the way it is. TRIBUTE TO DONNA AND VAN LOBENDO HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 9, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna and Van Lobendo of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 70th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on June 8, 1946 in Glenwood, Iowa. They were the owners of the Council Bluffs Hatchery and Donna’s Beauty Salon. Donna and Van’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, Stanley and Dani, six grandchildren, 13 great-grandchildren, and one great-great-grandchild, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memories and for continued hope for the future. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A09SE8.028 E09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D898 Friday, September 9, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, September 12, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5977–5991; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 150–152; and H. Res. 854–856, were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H5254–55 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5256 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5523, to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring trans-action unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another crimi-nal law or regulation, to require notice and a post- seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–730, Part 1); H.R. 5111, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a con-sumer to communicate regarding the goods or serv-ices offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–731); H.R. 1301, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restric-tions its rule relating to reasonable accommodation of amateur service communications, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 114–732); H.R. 5104, to prohibit, as an unfair and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of cer-tain software to circumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–733); H.R. 670, to amend title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act to extend the Medicaid rules regarding sup-plemental needs trusts for Medicaid beneficiaries to trusts established by those beneficiaries, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–734); and H.R. 3299, to amend the Public Health Service Act to ensure preparedness for chemical, radiological, biological, and nuclear threats, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–735). 
                                                                                            Page H5254 
Expressing the sense of the House of Represent-atives regarding the terrorist attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, on the 15th anniversary of that date: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 842, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the terrorist attacks launched against the United States on September 11, 2001, on the 15th anniversary of that date. 
                                                                                    Pages H5229–30 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 5424 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H5230 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:36 a.m. and re-convened at 11:05 a.m.
                                          Page H5239 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09SE6.REC D09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D899 September 9, 2016 
Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act: S. 2040, to deter terrorism, and provide justice for vic-tims.
                                                                         Pages H5239–44 
Investment Advisers Modernization Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5424, to amend the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940 and to direct the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission to amend its rules to modernize certain requirements relating to invest-ment advisers, by a yea-and-nay vote of 261 yeas to 145 nays, Roll No. 495.
            Pages H5230–39, H5244–46 
Rejected the Torres motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 176 yeas to 232 nays, Roll No. 494. 
                                                                Pages H5238–39, H5244–45 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                    Pages H5230–31 
Agreed to: Foster amendment (printed in Part B of H. Rept. 114–725) that removes provisions related to bro-chure delivery and the requirement for annual audits at select private funds.
                                    Pages H5237–38 
H. Res. 844, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2357) and (H.R. 5424) was agreed to yesterday, September 8th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, September 12th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H5252 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H5249. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5244–45 and H5245–46. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 1:15 p.m., pursuant to House Resolution 842, the House stands adjourned out of respect to the victims of the terrorist attacks. 
Committee Meetings 
AN EXAMINATION OF FEDERAL MENTAL HEALTH PARITY LAWS AND REGULATIONS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of Federal Mental Health Parity Laws and Regula-tions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY’S RESPONSE TO THE BATON ROUGE FLOOD DISASTER Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Response to the Baton Rouge Flood Disaster’’. Testimony was heard from Tony Robinson, Regional Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency; Jr. Shelton, Mayor, Central, Louisiana; Gerard Landry, Mayor, Denham Springs, Louisiana; Rick Ramsey, Mayor, Walker, Louisiana; and John Edwards, Governor, Louisiana. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-ing on the failed coup in Turkey and the future of United States-Turkish cooperation, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 2566, the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2669, the ‘‘Anti-Spoofing Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 4365, the ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016’’; H.R. 1192, the ‘‘National Diabetes Clinical Care Commission Act’’; H.R. 1209, the ‘‘Improving Ac-cess to Maternity Care Act’’; H.R. 1877, the ‘‘Mental Health First Aid’’; and H.R. 2713, the ‘‘Title VIII Nurs-ing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 5:30 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Classifications and Redactions in FBI’s Investigative File’’, 5 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3590, the ‘‘Halt Tax Increases on the Middle Class and Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5620, the ‘‘VA Accountability First and Appeals Modernization Act of 2016’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D09SE6.REC D09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD900 September 9, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of S. 2848, Water Resources Development Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 4979, at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, September 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E1231 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1236 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E1233 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1238, E1238 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1235 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1234 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1239 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1231 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E1237 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1233, E1233 Heck, Denny, Wash., E1232 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1238 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1233, E1234, E1235, E1235 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1239 Long, Billy, Mo., E1236 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1240 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1239 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E1236 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1231 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1237 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1232 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1234, E1235, E1236 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E1236 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1239 Young, David, Iowa, E1233, E1233, E1234, E1235, E1236, E1237, E1237, E1239, E1239, E1240 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Sep 10, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D09SE6.REC D09SEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST