Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H225 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 2016 No. 6 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 11, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable A
DRIAN  S
MITH to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
RECOGNIZING UNIFI MANUFAC-TURING, INCORPORATED FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO RECYCLING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to commend Unifi Manufacturing, In-corporated for its commitment to recy-cling. Headquartered in Greensboro, Unifi is a leading producer and processor of multifilament polyester and nylon tex-tured yarns. They provide innovative, global textile solutions and unique branded yarns for customers at every level of the supply chain. Unifi employs about 950 people in North Carolina’s Fifth District at its Repreve Recycling Center in Yadkinville. The company is currently constructing an 85,000-square-foot ex-pansion that will more than double the size of the facility. Repreve is polyester yarn made from chips that come mainly from recycled plastic bottles and industrial fiber waste. These environmentally friendly yarns have been used in products for customers that include Ford, The North Face, Nike, Haggar, Quiksilver, Volcom, and Patagonia. For example, a classic fit casual dress pant by Haggar features seven recycled bottles. Seat covers in a Ford F–150 truck contain 16 recycled bottles. Unifi is currently converting about 42 million pounds of recycled products a year into chips at its Yadkinville facil-ity. That includes 31 million pounds of post-consumer plastic bottles and 11 million pounds of post-industrial fiber and fabric waste. Once the expansion is complete, it will recycle 72 million pounds annually. At current production levels, the Yadkinville center accounts annually for the conversion of 900 million recy-cled plastic bottles and saves the equivalent of 16 million gallons of gas-oline that would be required to make new polyester and nylon. Last spring, Unifi also opened a 1- megawatt solar farm onsite in Yadkinville. The solar farm is pro-jected to provide about 10 percent of the energy needed to run the recycling center. Additionally, Unifi is expanding the Repreve brand through its 60 percent interest in Repreve Renewables, a bio-mass feedstock company that focuses on the direct sales of Freedom Giant Miscanthus to farmers. Some analysts believe this type of grass is extremely efficient in converting sunlight to bio-mass energy. It also produces more fuel than any other biofuel source. Repreve Renewables has had signifi-cant commercial success with Thrivez, its poultry bedding brand. Thrivez regrows annually without replanting, reducing soil erosion, improving water quality, and minimizing water, herbi-cide, and fertilizer needs. Unifi has been profitable for 5 con-secutive years, and Repreve has ex-panded from two main apparel cus-tomers in 2007 to 32 in 2015. I commend Unifi for achieving economic success through sustainability. f 
MALHEUR WILDLIFE REFUGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today is the ninth day of armed occu-pation of the Malheur National Wild-life Refuge in Oregon—lawless, reckless behavior. As the Audubon Society points out: putting one of America’s most important wildlife refuges at risk and threatening Federal employees. David Jenkins, president of Conserv-atives for Responsible Stewardship, points out they are trampling on the rights of every American, they are the opposite of conservatives, and they will continue to bully, threaten, and test the limits of civil society until they are stopped. Jenkins urged the Obama administration to follow Teddy Roo-sevelt’s advice that the law must be en-forced with resolute firmness. I fully understand policy differences, that compromises must be made and that there will be mistakes. I have worked with my Republican colleague G
REG WALDEN , whose neighboring dis-trict goes all the way to the Idaho bor-der, as we struggled to make broad Federal policy work better for every-one as we spent several years devel-oping a vision for Mount Hood that in-cluded protections for wilderness and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.000 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH226 January 11, 2016 
practices for infrastructure and man-agement. It is an ongoing effort. But with 323 million Americans, diverse landscapes, and philosophies that are buried, there are going to be struggles and differences that continue. The answer is to keep working to find common ground, like we did with our staff and families on a 3-day hike around that magnificent mountain. For that moment, Mount Hood wasn’t the dividing line between our districts; it was a point around which we could come together to agree and work to make things better. It brought us to-gether. That is exactly what needs to happen now. There are tremendous challenges in our State of Oregon. We have a wildlife refuge in the Klamath Basin with a his-toric opportunity to remove unneces-sary dams that even the private owner doesn’t feel it could maintain, to help restore damage to salmon runs, to be able to deal with a parched wildlife basin in the middle of a desert. The Federal Government has prom-ised far more in that basin to the stakeholders than it can deliver. There is a huge responsibility for all of us in the Federal Government to help un-wind this unsustainable situation. Native Americans, particularly in the Northwest, despite solemn treaty rights promised to them by the Federal Government and ratified by Congress, have long been abused and ignored. They deserve to be taken seriously and their rights respected. There are opportunities, like dam re-moval, that signal a winning oppor-tunity to keep faith with our environ-mental responsibilities and treaty obli-gations to Native Americans, to wild-life, and to the surrounding area. Far from being a threat to the re-gion’s economy, the removal, in an en-vironmentally responsible way, of the four dams which generate little energy will provide hundreds of family wage jobs for years that will inject badly needed money into the region in the deconstruction phase, to say nothing of the long-term benefits for tourism, recreation, and enhanced environment. Let’s seize the opportunity in the Klamath. Let’s take the opportunity to implement the long-term vision and water restoration for the Malheur Basin. These are items where hundreds and hundreds of people have labored in good faith for tens of thousands of hours. They don’t need armed outsiders to come to Oregon, threatening public safety and the precious resources for their own political gains. We ought to be able, in our region, to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, discord, and the specter of dissension, anger, and a continued sense of victimhood and loss. We don’t have to do that. Let’s build on the progress that we have established and work to-gether to make these people and our-selves winners. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ENHAM ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless this place, this Chamber of the House of Representatives. In the opening weeks of this new ses-sion, surround us with Your spirit. En-compass with Your power all the walls and the dome of this building, truly a symbol to the world of unalienable rights and the freedom of people. May Your divine blessing shield and protect this place from all attack, de-struction, storm, sickness, and all that might bring evil to Your people or shake the soul of this Nation. Guide and protect the Members of this assembly and all servants in gov-ernment, including all who work in this place. May the comings and goings of Your people be under the seal of Your loving care, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. POE of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
THE WASPS ARE BEING DENIED BURIAL AT ARLINGTON CEME-TERY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the great World War II was at its peak. So, on September 11, 1943, 28-year-old Sandy Thompson left her teaching job and volunteered for the Women Airforce Service Pilots, better known as the WASP. As a pilot, she towed tar-gets for live antiaircraft practice, helped deliver planes to overseas bases, and tested new aircraft. Of the 1,000 women who were WASPs, 38 were killed during their missions. Sixteen of these unsung heroes still live in Texas, and these pilots are part of the Greatest Generation. WASPs were considered civilians until 1977. Then Congress granted them veteran status. In 2002, the WASPs were allowed to be cremated and have their ashes placed in Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, but now bureaucrats have decided that these veterans are not worthy of having a proper military burial and have revoked burial rights in Arlington. The reason they say is a lack of space. This is disgraceful. A lack of space is a sorry excuse to dis-honor these veterans. Mr. Speaker, the government owns 23 percent of the land mass in the United States. Find space to permanently honor these female veterans. And that is just the way it is. f 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT MUST HELP CORRECT MANMADE DIS-ASTER IN FLINT, MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to talk to this Congress about my home-town of Flint, Michigan. This morning I wrote to the Presi-dent and wrote a letter to our Gov-ernor, asking for help for my home-town. Almost beyond belief, for a year and a half, the city of Flint has had water running through the pipes and into the homes of the people in Flint. The water has extraordinarily high levels of lead, which can affect the trajectory of a child’s life permanently. This was a decision made by the State government when it took over the city of Flint because of its finan-cial situation. To save a few dollars, it switched from Lake Huron as its pri-mary water source to the Flint River, without even any science or thought as to how the river might be treated. As a result, that corrosive river has put lead into the water source and into the bod-ies of young children. Today, finally, after months and months and months, apparently, our Governor is going to announce some sort of response at the State level. I can assure you this: There is no con-fidence of the people of the city of Flint and of the people of Michigan—I have, certainly, no confidence myself— that the State’s response will be ade-quate. I am asking the Federal Govern-ment to step in and help correct this manmade disaster in Flint, Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.010 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H227 January 11, 2016 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARLYLE FARNSWORTH (Mr. M
CKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor the life of Carlyle Farnsworth from Wheeling, who passed away on Christmas Eve. I was honored to have known him as a friend. Carlyle was a member of the Greatest Generation in America, and he served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II. When he re-turned home, he built a career, raised a family, and was a community leader for a number of years. He served on the board of the Wheel-ing Hospital for 29 years and was a past president. He was president of the Wheeling Area Chamber of Commerce, was active in scouting with the local valley Scout council, and served as the vice president of the Scouts for over 20 years. Carlyle attended the very first National Scouting Jamboree right here in Washington in 1937. He was a distinguished banker for over 40 years and served as the bank president for many of those years. He belonged to numerous State and na-tional banking associations and served on the West Virginia State Board of In-vestments. My lasting impression of Carlyle was how cheerful, upbeat, and positive he was. I offer my condolences to his lov-ing wife of 44 years, Sue; to his daugh-ter, Betsy Ann; to his son, Thomas, and his wife C.J. Carlyle will be missed, but he will be remembered as a leader, as a loving husband, and as an inspiration to all of those with whom he came in contact. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1548 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
IBBLE ) at 3 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. CHILD NICOTINE POISONING PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 142) to require special packaging for liquid nicotine con-tainers, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 142 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Nico-tine Poisoning Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL PACKAGING FOR LIQUID NICO-TINE CONTAINERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Sub-stances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)) and section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)), any nicotine provided in a liquid nicotine container sold, offered for sale, manufactured for sale, distributed in commerce, or imported into the United States shall be packaged in accordance with the standards provided in section 1700.15 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, as de-termined through testing in accordance with the method described in section 1700.20 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations, and any subsequent changes to such sections adopted by the Commission. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit or otherwise affect the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to regulate, issue guidance, or take action regarding the manufacture, marketing, sale, distribution, importation, or packaging, including child-resistant pack-aging, of nicotine, liquid nicotine, liquid nic-otine containers, electronic cigarettes, elec-tronic nicotine delivery systems or other similar products that contain or dispense liq-uid nicotine, or any other nicotine-related products, including— (A) authority under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) and the Family Smoking Prevention and To-bacco Control Act (Public Law 111–31) and the amendments made by such Act; and (B) authority for the rulemaking entitled ‘‘Deeming Tobacco Products to Be Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as Amended by the Family Smoking Preven-tion and Tobacco Control Act; regulations on the Sale and Distribution of Tobacco Prod-ucts and the Required Warning Statements for Tobacco Products’’ (April 2014) (FDA– 2014–N–0189), the rulemaking entitled ‘‘Nico-tine Exposure Warnings and Child-Resistant Packaging for Liquid Nicotine, Nicotine- Containing E-Liquid(s), and Other Tobacco Products’’ (June 2015) (FDA–2015–N–1514), and subsequent actions by the Secretary regard-ing packaging of liquid nicotine containers. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—If the Secretary of Health and Human Services adopts, main-tains, enforces, or imposes or continues in ef-fect any packaging requirement for liquid nicotine containers, including a child-resist-ant packaging requirement, the Secretary shall consult with the Commission, taking into consideration the expertise of the Com-mission in implementing and enforcing this Act and the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471 et seq.). (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)) and section 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)), the requirement of sub-section (a) shall be treated as a standard for the special packaging of a household sub-stance established under section 3(a) of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1472(a)). (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission. (2) L
IQUID NICOTINE CONTAINER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 2(f)(2) of the Federal Hazardous Substances Act (15 U.S.C. 1261(f)(2)) and section 3(a)(5) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)(5)), the term ‘‘liquid nicotine con-tainer’’ means a package (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471))— (i) from which nicotine in a solution or other form is accessible through normal and foreseeable use by a consumer; and (ii) that is used to hold soluble nicotine in any concentration. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘liquid nicotine container’’ does not include a sealed, pre- filled, and disposable container of nicotine in a solution or other form in which such con-tainer is inserted directly into an electronic cigarette, electronic nicotine delivery sys-tem, or other similar product, if the nicotine in the container is inaccessible through cus-tomary or reasonably foreseeable handling or use, including reasonably foreseeable in-gestion or other contact by children. (3) N
ICOTINE .—The term ‘‘nicotine’’ means any form of the chemical nicotine, including any salt or complex, regardless of whether the chemical is naturally or synthetically derived. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. S
ARBANES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rials into the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Recently there has been a significant amount of debate surrounding liquid nicotine, ranging from its use as ciga-rette cessation to its use in public spaces. While there are differing points on the future of vaping, everyone can agree on the need to prevent the prod-uct from inadvertently reaching the hands of children. That is why my colleague from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY) and I introduced the Child Nicotine Poisoning Preven-tion Act, which simply requires child safety packaging be added to liquid nicotine containers. The bill we are considering today and have already passed in the Senate is identical to our bill, which passed out of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce in Oc-tober of last year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH228 January 11, 2016 
Liquid nicotine, the product that is used in vaping pipes, is getting into the hands of children at a startling rate. I witnessed this firsthand when I had the opportunity to visit the Indiana Poison Control Centers last year. Their director, Dr. Jim Mowry, shared with me that exposures to e- cigarettes in Indiana alone have in-creased eightfold from 2011 to 2014. The numbers nationwide are even more startling, with poison control centers across the country showing a 14-fold in-crease in the exposure to e-cigarettes, from 271 cases in 2011 to just under 4,000 cases in 2014. Attracted by flavors like Skittles and Apple Jacks, curious children are often tempted to taste this liquid. Un-fortunately, a single teaspoon of this liquid can be deadly to a child if it is either ingested or absorbed through the skin. Since there are no safety packaging requirements currently under Federal law, children aren’t hindered in any way from having access to this poten-tially lethal product. With vaping be-coming even more popular across the country and with an estimated 36 per-cent of e-cigarette users not locking up bottles of liquid nicotine or using childproof caps, I fear these calls to the poison control centers will only con-tinue to rise. That is why the bill in front of us today is so important. Very simply, it solves the problem that we have by ap-plying to liquid nicotine the existing childproofing requirements found in the Poison Prevention Act. We shield our children from hazardous products. Liquid nicotine should be no exception. Now, I know that the FDA also plans to regulate in this space and some have expressed worry about the overlapping regulations that this bill might im-pose. I am hopeful that the savings clause that we have added to the bill will allay the fears of those skeptics since it explicitly allows the FDA to continue its regulatory authority. There is a significant amount of de-bate about the FDA’s authority in this area and when it will act. Regardless, since the FDA hasn’t even produced a proposed rule yet, a final rule will like-ly not be finalized for over a year. That is a year of more calls to poison con-trol centers across the country and a year of kids being needlessly exposed to an easily preventable danger. Let’s solve the problem right now by passing this legislation and sending it to the President’s desk today. In closing, I express my thanks to my colleague, the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY). This is something that I know she has worked on for quite some time; so, I thank her for helping to spearhead this effort and for helping us to craft a bill that will pro-tect children for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of S. 142, the Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act, which would protect children from ex-posure to liquid nicotine. Liquid nicotine comes in a variety of flavors, like orange, grape, bubblegum, and cotton candy, which appeal to kids, and many of these liquid nicotine products are easily accessible to chil-dren for contact and consumption. At this time, there is no existing standard to protect against accidental poi-soning. The threat of poisoning is not an imagined threat. About a year ago the first American victim—a 1-year-old— died from liquid nicotine poisoning. The number of calls to poison control centers about liquid nicotine continues to rise, and more than half of those re-ported exposures occurred in children who were under 6 years of age. This bill, as you heard, takes the commonsense step of directing the Consumer Product Safety Commission to limit the risks of child liquid nico-tine poisoning by requiring special packaging for liquid nicotine con-tainers. At the same time, it allows the Food and Drug Administration to continue with its rules on tobacco products, in-cluding the requirement for the childproof packaging of liquid nicotine. The FDA’s authority to do so is clear, and I strongly encourage the Of-fice of Management and Budget to fin-ish its review of the tobacco rule so the rules can go into effect quickly. I hope and expect this will be as widely supported in the House as it was in the Senate. I salute Representative BROOKS . I also thank Representative E
LIZABETH ESTY for her important leadership on this critical issue and for working across the aisle, from the out-set, to advance this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Child Nicotine Poi-soning Prevention Act. Along with Senator N
ELSON , I proud-ly introduced the Child Nicotine Pre-vention Act last year. This year it has been a real pleasure to work with my good friend S
USAN BROOKS . I would like to thank her as well as Representative S
CHAKOWSKY , Rep-resentative S
ARBANES , Chairman U
PTON , Ranking Member P ALLONE , and all of the staff for their help on this commonsense, important—literally, lifesaving—legislation that I hope we will pass today and put on the Presi-dent’s desk tonight. As a mom, I can only imagine the pain felt by parents whose children have been poisoned by a substance that, so far, the Federal Government has done nothing from which to protect their children. It is understandable that children are attracted by the liquid nicotine that is being sold right now through e-ciga-rettes. The packages are brightly col-ored. They look like candy. They have flavors like strawberry, gummy bears, cotton candy, peppermint, chocolate. Once you open the package, it smells like candy. It is not surprising, particularly at the holidays, that children who are see-ing brightly colored food flavorings and who are dyeing cookies and making them bright colors would be curious. They smell it and want to taste it. Just a little over a year ago a 2-year-old died in New York from ingesting this. Even a small bottle of liquid nicotine has enough poison to kill four small children; so, I am grateful to my friends today on both sides of the aisle for having joined us to reduce the risk of these poisonings by adding the sim-ple packaging that we are all familiar with, those plastic wrappings that are on every bottle of eyedrops, on every bottle of contact lens solution, and on all poisons and commonsense house-hold products that we know could en-danger an adult. But here we are talking about chil-dren, and they deserve our protection. Liquid nicotine, which is just as dan-gerous, deserves to have that pack-aging. This bipartisan legislation will re-quire that all liquid nicotine quantities be childproofed. It is a simple, com-monsense measure. It will save lives. I ask that all of my colleagues support this legislation today so as to ensure that liquid nicotine packaging in all sizes and shapes and colors and flavors is childproofed. We have worked very hard to ensure that we are working within the FDA’s authority, giving them time to develop final rules. But, frankly, we have al-ready waited over a year. We have al-ready had a death in the last year, and there has been a huge increase in the number of calls to poison centers. So it is past time for us to act. Again I thank my colleagues, par-ticularly the chairman and SUSAN  B
ROOKS , for their leadership. I urge my colleagues to join us today. Let’s get this on the President’s desk for signature. Let’s get our children protected from the dangers of liquid nicotine. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this important bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, as the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) so eloquently stated, I also commend my colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Com-merce for seeing the importance of this. I thank Mr. S
ARBANES , the chairman, and the ranking member for moving on this commonsense legislation. I thank Ms. E
STYfor being a champion of the Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.008 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H229 January 11, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support to S. 142, the ‘‘Child Nicotine Poi-soning Prevention Act,’’ which requires any nicotine provided in a liquid nicotine container sold, offered for sale, manufactured for sale, distributed in commerce must be in special packaging that is difficult for children under five years of age to open or access harmful contents. As the founding member and Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I am in sup-port of this bill because it places the safety of children first. Today, small children are at risk of injury and death from easily accessed liquid nicotine used to refill electronic cigarettes. Nicotine liquids used in e-cigarettes are sold without child proof packaging. Further, these nicotine products are attrac-tive to children because they come in a wide range of candy flavors such as gummy bear, cotton candy and chocolate. Liquid nicotine is highly toxic and sold in a highly concentrated form. Many liquid nicotine products contain nearly 36 mg of nicotine per milliliter of liquid. According to the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids the concentrated form of nicotine in liquid form intended for use in smokeless ciga-rettes would only take a small 15 milliliter dose to kill four toddlers. According to the Centers for Disease Con-trol the number of calls to poison centers in-volving e-cigarette liquids containing nicotine rose from one per month in September 2010 to 215 per month in February 2014. Data from the American Association of Poi-son Control Centers (AAPCC) showed nearly 4,000 adverse incidents related to e-cigarette exposures in 2014, a 145 percent increase from 2013 and a 14-fold increase since 2011. In 2015, there were 1,499 calls to Poison Control Centers through May 31, 2015 that were liquid nicotine related. This bill would save children’s lives by al-lowing the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion (CPSC) the authority to require the use of child-resistant packaging on liquid nicotine containers sold to consumers. The CPSC currently requires such pack-aging on many common toxic household sub-stances like bleach, as well as FDA-regulated products like prescription drugs. S. 142 is needed to save children from un-necessary poisonings from liquid nicotine. The most recent National Youth Tobacco Survey showed e-cigarette use is growing fast, and now this report shows e-cigarette related poisonings are also increasing rapidly,’’ said Tim McAfee, M.D., M.P.H., Director of CDC’s Office on Smoking and Health. We all must do our part to reduce liquid nic-otine poisoning of children. It will take the efforts of members of the House in voting to pass this bill, health care providers, e-cigarette companies and distribu-tors, and the public need to join efforts to keep our children safe from potential health risk from e-cigarettes. Strategies to monitor and prevent future poisonings are critical given the rapid increase in e-cigarette related poisonings and the first step is voting for S. 142. I ask my colleagues to join me in support of S. 142, ‘‘Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Brooks) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 142. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1600 NORTH KOREA SANCTIONS ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 757) to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 757 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—INVESTIGATIONS, PROHIBITED CONDUCT, AND PENALTIES Sec. 101. Statement of policy. Sec. 102. Investigations. Sec. 103. Briefing to Congress. Sec. 104. Designation of persons for prohib-ited conduct and mandatory and discretionary designation and sanctions authorities. Sec. 105. Forfeiture of property. TITLE II—SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREAN PROLIFERATION, HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, ILLICIT ACTIVITIES, AND SIGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDER-MINING CYBER SECURITY Sec. 201. Determinations with respect to North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering con-cern. Sec. 202. Ensuring the consistent enforce-ment of United Nations Secu-rity Council resolutions and fi-nancial restrictions on North Korea. Sec. 203. Proliferation prevention sanctions. Sec. 204. Procurement sanctions. Sec. 205. Enhanced inspections authorities. Sec. 206. Travel sanctions. Sec. 207. Exemptions, waivers, and removals of designation. Sec. 208. Report on those responsible for knowingly engaging in signifi-cant activities undermining cyber security. Sec. 209. Sense of Congress that trilateral cooperation among the United States, Japan, and the Republic of Korea is crucial to the sta-bility of the Asia-Pacific re-gion. Sec. 210. Report on nuclear program co-operation between North Korea and Iran. TITLE III—PROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS Sec. 301. Information technology. Sec. 302. Report on North Korean prison camps. Sec. 303. Report on persons who are respon-sible for serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea. TITLE IV—GENERAL AUTHORITIES Sec. 401. Suspension of sanctions and other measures. Sec. 402. Termination of sanctions and other measures. Sec. 403. Authority to consolidate reports. Sec. 404. Regulations. Sec. 405. No additional funds authorized. Sec. 406. Effective date. SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Government of North Korea has re-peatedly violated its commitments to the complete, verifiable, irreversible dismantle-ment of its nuclear weapons programs, and has willfully violated multiple United Na-tions Security Council resolutions calling for it to cease its development, testing, and production of weapons of mass destruction. (2) North Korea poses a grave risk for the proliferation of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction. (3) The Government of North Korea has been implicated repeatedly in money laun-dering and illicit activities, including pro-hibited arms sales, narcotics trafficking, the counterfeiting of United States currency, and the counterfeiting of intellectual prop-erty of United States persons. (4) The Government of North Korea has, both historically and recently, repeatedly sponsored acts of international terrorism, in-cluding attempts to assassinate defectors and human rights activists, repeated threats of violence against foreign persons, leaders, newspapers, and cities, and the shipment of weapons to terrorists and state sponsors of terrorism. (5) North Korea has unilaterally withdrawn from the 1953 Armistice Agreement that ended the Korean War, and committed provo-cations against South Korea in 2010 by sink-ing the warship Cheonan and killing 46 of her crew, and by shelling Yeonpyeong Island, killing four South Koreans. (6) North Korea maintains a system of bru-tal political prison camps that contain as many as 120,000 men, women, and children, who live in atrocious living conditions with insufficient food, clothing, and medical care, and under constant fear of torture or arbi-trary execution. (7) The Congress reaffirms the purposes of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 contained in section 4 of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7802). (8) North Korea has prioritized weapons programs and the procurement of luxury goods, in defiance of United Nations Security Council resolutions, and in gross disregard of the needs of its people. (9) The President has determined that the Government of North Korea is responsible for knowingly engaging in significant activi-ties undermining cyber security with respect to United States persons and interests, and for threats of violence against the civilian population of the United States. (10) Persons, including financial institu-tions, who engage in transactions with, or provide financial services to, the Govern-ment of North Korea and its financial insti-tutions without establishing sufficient finan-cial safeguards against North Korea’s use of these transactions to promote proliferation, weapons trafficking, human rights viola-tions, illicit activity, and the purchase of luxury goods, aid and abet North Korea’s misuse of the international financial system, and also violate the intent of relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.009 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH230 January 11, 2016 
(11) The Government of North Korea’s con-duct poses an imminent threat to the secu-rity of the United States and its allies, to the global economy, to the safety of mem-bers of the United States Armed Forces, to the integrity of the global financial system, to the integrity of global nonproliferation programs, and to the people of North Korea. (12) The Congress seeks, through this legis-lation, to use nonmilitary means to address this crisis, to provide diplomatic leverage to negotiate necessary changes in North Ko-rea’s conduct, and to ease the suffering of the people of North Korea. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPLICABLE EXECUTIVE ORDER .—The term ‘‘applicable Executive order’’ means— (A) Executive Order No. 13382 (2005), 13466 (2008), 13551 (2010), 13570 (2011), or 13687 (2015) to the extent that such Executive order au-thorizes the imposition of sanctions on per-sons for conduct, or prohibits transactions or activities, involving the Government of North Korea; or (B) any Executive order adopted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the extent that such Executive order authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct, or prohibits transactions or activi-ties, involving the Government of North Korea. (2) A
PPLICABLE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY  
COUNCIL RESOLUTION .—The term ‘‘applicable United Nations Security Council resolution’’ means— (A) United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), or 2094 (2013); or (B) any United Nations Security Council resolution adopted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the extent that such resolution authorizes the imposition of sanctions on persons for conduct, or pro-hibits transactions or activities, involving the Government of North Korea. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (4) D
ESIGNATED PERSON .—The term ‘‘des-ignated person’’ means a person designated under subsection (a) or (b) of section 104 for purposes of applying one or more of the sanc-tions described in title I or II of this Act with respect to the person. (5) G
OVERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘Government of North Korea’’ means— (A) the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea or any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof; and (B) any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (6) I
NTERNATIONAL TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘international terrorism’’ has the meaning given such term in section 140(d) of the For-eign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (22 U.S.C. 2656f(d)), and includes the conduct described in section 212(a)(3)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(iii)), to the extent such conduct involves the citizens of more than one country. (7) L
UXURY GOODS .—The term ‘‘luxury goods’’ has the meaning given such term in subpart 746.4 of title 15, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, and includes the items listed in Supplement No. 1 to such regulation, and any similar items. (8) MONETARY INSTRUMENT .—The term ‘‘monetary instrument’’ has the meaning given such term under section 5312 of title 31, United States Code. (9) N
ORTH KOREAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .— The term ‘‘North Korean financial institu-tion’’ means— (A) a financial institution organized under the laws of North Korea or any jurisdiction within North Korea (including a foreign branch of such institution); (B) any financial institution located in North Korea, except as may be excluded from such definition by the President in accord-ance with section 207(d); (C) any financial institution, wherever lo-cated, owned or controlled by the Govern-ment of North Korea; and (D) any financial institution, wherever lo-cated, owned or controlled by a financial in-stitution described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C). (10) O
THER STORES OF VALUE .—The term ‘‘other stores of value’’ means— (A) prepaid access devices, tangible or in-tangible prepaid access devices, or other in-struments or devices for the storage or transmission of value, as defined in part 1010 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations; and (B) any covered goods, as defined in section 1027.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and any instrument or tangible or in-tangible access device used for the storage and transmission of a representation of cov-ered goods, or other device, as defined in sec-tion 1027.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regu-lations. (11) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 510.306 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. (12) S
IGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING  
CYBER SECURITY .—The term ‘‘significant ac-tivities undermining cyber security’’ means— (A) significant efforts to— (i) deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or destroy an information and communications technology system or network; or (ii) exfiltrate information from such a sys-tem or network without authorization; (B) significant destructive malware at-tacks; (C) significant denial of service activities; or (D) such other significant activities as may be described in regulations promulgated to implement section 104. (13) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ has the meaning given such term in section 510.311 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. TITLE I—INVESTIGATIONS, PROHIBITED CONDUCT, AND PENALTIES 
SEC. 101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
In order to achieve the peaceful disar-mament of North Korea, Congress finds that it is necessary— (1) to encourage all states to fully and promptly implement United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2094 (2013); (2) to sanction— (A) persons that facilitate proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, illicit activi-ties, arms trafficking, imports of luxury goods, cash smuggling, censorship, and knowingly engage in significant activities undermining cyber security by the Govern-ment of North Korea; and (B) persons that fail to exercise due dili-gence to ensure that financial institutions do not facilitate any of the activities de-scribed in subparagraph (A) by the Govern-ment of North Korea; (3) to deny the Government of North Korea access to the funds it uses to obtain nuclear weapons, ballistic missiles, offensive cyber capabilities, and luxury goods instead of pro-viding for the needs of its people; and (4) to enforce sanctions in a manner that avoids any adverse humanitarian impact on the people of North Korea to the extent pos-sible and in a manner that does not unduly constrain the enforcement of such sanctions. SEC. 102. INVESTIGATIONS. 
The President shall initiate an investiga-tion into the possible designation of a person under section 104(a) upon receipt by the President of credible information indicating that such person has engaged in conduct de-scribed in section 104(a). 
SEC. 103. BRIEFING TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on efforts to implement this Act, to include the following, to the extent the in-formation is available: (1) The principal foreign assets and sources of foreign income of the Government of North Korea. (2) A list of the persons designated under subsections (a) and (b) of section 104. (3) A list of the persons with respect to which sanctions were waived or removed under section 207. (4) A summary of any diplomatic efforts made in accordance with section 202(b) and of the progress realized from such efforts, in-cluding efforts to encourage the European Union and other states and jurisdictions to sanction and block the assets of the Foreign Trade Bank of North Korea and Daedong Credit Bank. 
SEC. 104. DESIGNATION OF PERSONS FOR PRO-HIBITED CONDUCT AND MANDA-TORY AND DISCRETIONARY DES-IGNATION AND SANCTIONS AU-THORITIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITED CONDUCT AND MANDATORY  D
ESIGNATION AND SANCTIONS AUTHORITY .— (1) C
ONDUCT DESCRIBED .—Except as pro-vided in section 207, the President shall des-ignate under this subsection any person the President determines to— (A) have knowingly engaged in significant activities or transactions with the Govern-ment of North Korea that have materially contributed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or their means of deliv-ery (including missiles capable of delivering such weapons), including any efforts to man-ufacture, acquire, possess, develop, trans-port, transfer, or use such items; (B) have knowingly imported, exported, or reexported to, into, or from North Korea any significant arms or related materiel, wheth-er directly or indirectly; (C) have knowingly provided significant training, advice, or other services or assist-ance, or engaged in significant transactions, related to the manufacture, maintenance, or use of any arms or related materiel to be im-ported, exported, or reexported to, into, or from North Korea, or following their impor-tation, exportation, or reexportation to, into, or from North Korea, whether directly or indirectly; (D) have knowingly, directly or indirectly, imported, exported, or reexported significant luxury goods to or into North Korea; (E) have knowingly engaged in or been re-sponsible for censorship by the Government of North Korea, including prohibiting, lim-iting, or penalizing the exercise of freedom of expression or assembly, limiting access to print, radio or other broadcast media, Inter-net or other electronic communications, or the facilitation or support of intentional fre-quency manipulation that would jam or re-strict an international signal; (F) have knowingly engaged in or been re-sponsible for serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea, including torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H231 January 11, 2016 
treatment or punishment, prolonged deten-tion without charges and trial, forced labor or trafficking in persons, causing the dis-appearance of persons by the abduction and clandestine detention of those persons, and other denial of the right to life, liberty, or the security of a person; (G) have knowingly, directly or indirectly, engaged in acts of money laundering, the counterfeiting of goods or currency, bulk cash smuggling, narcotics trafficking, or other illicit activity that involves or sup-ports the Government of North Korea or any senior official thereof, whether directly or indirectly; or (H) have knowingly attempted to engage in any of the conduct described in subpara-graphs (A) through (G) of this paragraph. (2) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—With respect to any person designated under this sub-section, the President— (A) shall exercise the authorities of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705 et seq.) to block all prop-erty and interests in property of any person designated under this subsection that are in the United States, that hereafter come with-in the United States, or that are or hereafter come within the possession or control of any United States person, including any foreign branch; and (B) may apply any of the sanctions de-scribed in sections 204, 205(c), and 206. (3) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person who violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of any prohibition pro-vided for in this subsection, or of an order or regulation prescribed under this Act, to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act de-scribed in section 206(a) of that Act (50 U.S.C. 1705(a)). (4) D
EFINITION .—In paragraph (1)(F), the term ‘‘trafficking in persons’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)). (b) D
ISCRETIONARY DESIGNATION AND SANC-
TIONS AUTHORITY .— (1) C
ONDUCT DESCRIBED .—Except as pro-vided in section 207 and paragraph (3) of this subsection, the President may designate under this subsection any person that the President determines to— (A) have knowingly engaged in, contrib-uted to, assisted, sponsored, or provided fi-nancial, material or technological support for, or goods and services in support of, any violation of, or evasion of, an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; (B) have knowingly facilitated the transfer of any funds, financial assets, or economic resources of, or property or interests in prop-erty of a person designated under an applica-ble Executive order, or by the United Na-tions Security Council pursuant to an appli-cable United Nations Security Council reso-lution; (C) have knowingly facilitated the transfer of any funds, financial assets, or economic resources, or any property or interests in property derived from, involved in, or that has materially contributed to conduct pro-hibited by subsection (a) or an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; (D) have knowingly facilitated any trans-action, including any transaction in bulk cash or other stores of value, without apply-ing enhanced monitoring to ensure that such transaction does not contribute materially to conduct described in subsection (a) an ap-plicable Executive order, or an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; (E) have knowingly facilitated any trans-actions in cash or monetary instruments or other stores of value, including through cash couriers transiting to or from North Korea, used to facilitate any conduct prohibited by an applicable United Nations Security Coun-cil resolution; (F) have knowingly, directly or indirectly, engaged in significant activities under-mining cyber security for, in support of on behalf of, the Government of North Korea or any senior official thereof, or have know-ingly contributed to the bribery of an official of the Government of North Korea, the mis-appropriation, theft, or embezzlement of public funds by, or for the benefit of, an offi-cial of the Government of North Korea, or the use of any proceeds of any such conduct; or (G) have knowingly and materially as-sisted, sponsored, or provided significant fi-nancial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, the conduct described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of this paragraph or the conduct described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of subsection (a)(1). (2) EFFECT OF DESIGNATION .—With respect to any person designated under this sub-section, the President— (A) may apply the sanctions described in section 204; (B) may apply any of the special measures described in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code; (C) may prohibit any transactions in for-eign exchange that are subject to the juris-diction of the United States and in which such person has any interest; (D) may prohibit any transfers of credit or payments between financial institutions or by, through, or to any financial institution, to the extent that such transfers or pay-ments are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and involve any interest of the person; and (E) may exercise the authorities of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705 et seq.) without regard to section 202 of such Act to block any property and interests in property of any person des-ignated under this subsection that are in the United States, that hereafter come within the United States, or that are or hereafter come within the possession or control of any United States person, including any foreign branch. (3) L
IMITATION .—If the President deter-mines that a person has engaged in any con-duct described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1) that may also be con-strued to constitute conduct described in subparagraphs (A) through (H) of subsection (a)(1), the President may not designate the person under this subsection but rather shall designate the person under subsection (a). (c) B
LOCKING OF ALLPROPERTY AND INTER -
ESTS IN PROPERTY OF THE GOVERNMENT OF  N
ORTH KOREA AND THE WORKER ’SPARTY OF  K
OREA .—Except as provided in section 207, the President shall exercise the authorities of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705 et seq.) to block all property and interests in property of the Government of North Korea or the Worker’s Party of Korea that on or after the date of the enactment of this Act come within the United States, or that come within the pos-session or control of any United States per-son, including any foreign branch. (d) A
PPLICATION .—The designation of a per-son under subsection (a) or (b) and the block-ing of property and interests in property under subsection (c) shall also apply with re-spect to a person who is determined to be owned or controlled by, or to have acted or purported to act for or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any person whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to this section. (e) LICENSING .— (1) L
ICENSE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall promulgate regulations prohibiting United States persons from en-gaging in any transaction involving any property or services— (A) in which the Government of North Korea has an interest; (B) located in North Korea; (C) of North Korean origin; or (D) knowingly transferred, directly or indi-rectly, to the Government of North Korea. (2) T
RANSACTION LICENSING .—The President shall deny or revoke any license for any transaction that, in the determination of the President, lacks sufficient financial controls to ensure that such transaction will not fa-cilitate any of the conduct described in sub-section (a) or subsection (b). (3) L
ICENSING AUTHORIZATION .—The Presi-dent may issue regulations to authorize— (A) transactions for the purposes described in section 207; and (B) transactions and activities authorized under North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.). 
SEC. 105. FORFEITURE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO PROPERTY SUBJECT TO  F
ORFEITURE .—Section 981(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) Any property, real or personal, that is involved in a violation or attempted viola-tion, or which constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to a violation, of section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act of 2016.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF CIVIL F
ORFEITURE STATUTE .—Section 983(i)(2)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act’’ and inserting ‘‘, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end before the semi-colon the following: ‘‘, or the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF SPECIFIED  U
NLAWFUL ACTIVITY .—Section 1956(c)(7)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954’’ and inserting ‘‘section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘, or section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016;’’. TITLE II—SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREAN PROLIFERATION, HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES, ILLICIT ACTIVITIES, AND SIGNIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDER-MINING CYBER SECURITY 
SEC. 201. DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO NORTH KOREA AS A JURISDICTION OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Undersecretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, who is responsible for safeguarding the financial system against illicit use, money laundering, terrorist financing, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, has repeatedly expressed concern about North Korea’s mis-use of the international financial system as follows: (A) In 2006, the Undersecretary stated that, given North Korea’s ‘‘counterfeiting of U.S. currency, narcotics trafficking and use of ac-counts worldwide to conduct proliferation- related transactions, the line between illicit and licit North Korean money is nearly in-visible’’ and urged financial institutions worldwide to ‘‘think carefully about the risks of doing any North Korea-related busi-ness.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH232 January 11, 2016 
(B) In 2011, the Undersecretary stated that ‘‘North Korea remains intent on engaging in proliferation, selling arms as well as bring-ing in material,’’ and was ‘‘aggressively pur-suing the effort to establish front compa-nies.’’. (C) In 2013, the Undersecretary stated, in reference to North Korea’s distribution of high-quality counterfeit United States cur-rency, that ‘‘North Korea is continuing to try to pass a supernote into the inter-national financial system,’’ and that the De-partment of the Treasury would soon intro-duce new currency with improved security features to protect against counterfeiting by the Government of North Korea. (2) The Financial Action Task Force, an intergovernmental body whose purpose is to develop and promote national and inter-national policies to combat money laun-dering and terrorist financing, has repeat-edly— (A) expressed concern at deficiencies in North Korea’s regimes to combat money laundering and terrorist financing; (B) urged North Korea to adopt a plan of action to address significant deficiencies in these regimes and the serious threat they pose to the integrity of the international fi-nancial system; (C) urged all jurisdictions to apply coun-termeasures to protect the international fi-nancial system from ongoing and substantial money laundering and terrorist financing risks emanating from North Korea; (D) urged all jurisdictions to advise their financial institutions to give special atten-tion to business relationships and trans-actions with North Korea, including North Korean companies and financial institutions; and (E) called on all jurisdictions to protect against correspondent relationships being used to bypass or evade countermeasures and risk mitigation practices, and take into ac-count money laundering and terrorist fi-nancing risks when considering requests by North Korean financial institutions to open branches and subsidiaries in their jurisdic-tion. (3) On March 7, 2013, the United Nations Se-curity Council unanimously adopted Resolu-tion 2094, which— (A) welcomed the Financial Action Task Force’s recommendation on financial sanc-tions related to proliferation, and its guid-ance on the implementation of sanctions; (B) decided that Member States should apply enhanced monitoring and other legal measures to prevent the provision of finan-cial services or the transfer of property that could contribute to activities prohibited by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; and (C) called on Member States to prohibit North Korean banks from establishing or maintaining correspondent relationships with banks in their jurisdictions, to prevent the provision of financial services, if they have information that provides reasonable grounds to believe that these activities could contribute to activities prohibited by an ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolution, or to the evasion of such prohibi-tions. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE  D
ESIGNATION OF NORTH KOREA AS A JURISDIC -
TION OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CON-
CERN .—Congress— (1) acknowledges the efforts of the United Nations Security Council to impose limita-tions on, and require enhanced monitoring of, transactions involving North Korean fi-nancial institutions that could contribute to sanctioned activities; (2) urges the President, in the strongest terms, to immediately designate North Korea as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern, and to adopt stringent special measures to safeguard the financial system against the risks posed by North Ko-rea’s willful evasion of sanctions and its il-licit activities; and (3) urges the President to seek the prompt implementation by other states of enhanced monitoring and due diligence to prevent North Korea’s misuse of the international fi-nancial system, including by sharing infor-mation about activities, transactions, and property that could contribute to activities sanctioned by applicable United Nations Se-curity Council resolutions, or to the evasion of sanctions. (c) DETERMINATIONS REGARDING NORTH  K
OREA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, deter-mine, in consultation with the Secretary of State and Attorney General, and in accord-ance with section 5318A of title 31, United States Code, whether reasonable grounds exist for concluding that North Korea is a ju-risdiction of primary money laundering con-cern. (2) S
PECIAL MEASURES .—If the Secretary of the Treasury determines under this sub-section that reasonable grounds exist for finding that North Korea is a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal functional regulators, shall im-pose one or more of the special measures de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (5) of sec-tion 5318A(b) of title 31, United States Code, with respect to the jurisdiction of North Korea. (3) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of the Treasury determines that North Korea is a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary makes such determina-tion, submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the deter-mination made under paragraph (1) together with the reasons for that determination. (B) F
ORM.—A report or copy of any report submitted under this paragraph shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 202. ENSURING THE CONSISTENT ENFORCE-MENT OF UNITED NATIONS SECU-RITY COUNCIL RESOLUTIONS AND FINANCIAL RESTRICTIONS ON NORTH KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) all states and jurisdictions are obli-gated to implement and enforce applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions fully and promptly, including by— (A) blocking the property of, and ensuring that any property is prevented from being made available to, persons designated by the Security Council under applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; (B) blocking any property associated with an activity prohibited by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; and (C) preventing any transfer of property and any provision of financial services that could contribute to an activity prohibited by appli-cable United Nations Security Council reso-lutions, or to the evasion of sanctions under such resolutions; (2) all states and jurisdictions share a com-mon interest in protecting the international financial system from the risks of money laundering and illicit transactions ema-nating from North Korea; (3) the United States Dollar and the Euro are the world’s principal reserve currencies, and the United States and the European Union are primarily responsible for the pro-tection of the international financial system from these risks; (4) the cooperation of the People’s Repub-lic of China, as North Korea’s principal trad-ing partner, is essential to the enforcement of applicable United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions and to the protection of the international financial system; (5) the report of the Panel of Experts estab-lished pursuant to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1874, dated June 11, 2013, expressed concern about the ability of banks in states with less effective regulators and those unable to afford effective compliance to detect and prevent illicit transfers involv-ing North Korea; (6) North Korea has historically exploited inconsistencies between jurisdictions in the interpretation and enforcement of financial regulations and applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions to circumvent sanctions and launder the proceeds of illicit activities; (7) Amroggang Development Bank, Bank of East Land, and Tanchon Commercial Bank have been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury, the United Nations Security Coun-cil, and the European Union; (8) Korea Daesong Bank and Korea Kwangson Banking Corporation have been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury and the European Union; (9) the Foreign Trade Bank of North Korea has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury for facilitating transactions on be-half of persons linked to its proliferation network, and for serving as ‘‘a key financial node’’; and (10) Daedong Credit Bank has been des-ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury for activities prohibited by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions, in-cluding the use of deceptive financial prac-tices to facilitate transactions on behalf of persons linked to North Korea’s proliferation network. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President should intensify diplomatic efforts, both in appropriate inter-national fora such as the United Nations and bilaterally, to develop and implement a co-ordinated, consistent, multilateral strategy for protecting the global financial system against risks emanating from North Korea, including— (1) the cessation of any financial services whose continuation is inconsistent with ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; (2) the cessation of any financial services to persons, including financial institutions, that present unacceptable risks of facili-tating money laundering and illicit activity by the Government of North Korea; (3) the blocking by all states and jurisdic-tions, in accordance with the legal process of the state or jurisdiction in which the prop-erty is held, of any property required to be blocked under applicable United Nations Se-curity Council resolutions; (4) the blocking of any property derived from illicit activity, from significant activi-ties undermining cyber security, from the misappropriation, theft, or embezzlement of public funds by, or for the benefit of, offi-cials of the Government of North Korea; (5) the blocking of any property involved in significant activities undermining cyber se-curity by the Government of North Korea, directly or indirectly, against United States persons, or the theft of intellectual property by the Government of North Korea, directly or indirectly from United States persons; and (6) the blocking of any property of persons directly or indirectly involved in censorship or human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H233 January 11, 2016 
SEC. 203. PROLIFERATION PREVENTION SANC-TIONS. 
(a) E XPORT OF CERTAIN GOODS OR TECH-
NOLOGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to section 207(a)(2)(C) of this Act, a license shall be re-quired for the export to North Korea of any goods or technology subject to the Export Administration Regulations (part 730 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations) without re-gard to whether the Secretary of State has designated North Korea as a country the government of which has provided support for acts of international terrorism, as deter-mined by the Secretary of State under sec-tion 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2045), as continued in ef-fect under the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act. (2) P
RESUMPTION OF DENIAL .—A license for the export to North Korea of any goods or technology as described in paragraph (1) shall be subject to a presumption of denial. (b) T
RANSACTIONS WITH COUNTRIES SUP-
PORTING ACTS OF INTERNATIONAL TER-
RORISM .— (1) A
RMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT PROHIBI -
TIONS .—The prohibitions and restrictions de-scribed in section 40 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), and other provisions provided for in that Act, shall also apply to exporting or otherwise providing (by sale, lease or loan, grant, or other means), di-rectly or indirectly, any munitions item to the Government of North Korea without re-gard to whether or not North Korea is a country with respect to which subsection (d) of such section (relating to designation of state sponsors of terrorism) applies. (2) F
INANCIAL TRANSACTIONS .—Except as provided in section 207 of this Act and the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.), the penalties provided for in section 2332d of title 18, United States Code, shall apply to a United States person that engages in a financial transaction with the Government of North Korea on or after the date of the enactment of this Act to the same extent that such penalties apply to a United States citizen that commits an un-lawful act described in section 2332d of title 18, United States Code. (c) T
RANSACTIONS IN LETHAL MILITARY  E
QUIPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall with-hold assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to any country that provides lethal military equip-ment to, or receives lethal military equip-ment from, the Government of North Korea. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibition under this subsection with respect to a country shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date on which such country ceases to provide lethal military equipment to the Government of North Korea. (3) W
AIVER .—The President may, on a case- by-case basis, waive the prohibition under this subsection with respect to a country for a period of not more than 180 days, and may renew the waiver for additional periods of not more than 180 days, if the President de-termines and so reports to the appropriate congressional committees that it is vital to the national security interests of the United States to exercise such waiver authority. 
SEC. 204. PROCUREMENT SANCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the United States Government may not procure, or enter into any contract for the procurement of, any goods or services from any designated person. (b) FAR.—The Federal Acquisition Regula-tion issued pursuant to section 1303 of title 41, United States Code, shall be revised to re-quire a certification from each person that is a prospective contractor that such person does not engage in any of the conduct de-scribed in subsection (a) or (b) of section 104. Such revision shall apply with respect to contracts in an amount greater than the simplified acquisition threshold (as defined in section 134 of title 41, United States Code) for which solicitations are issued on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) TERMINATION OF CONTRACTS AND INITI-
ATION OF SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT PRO-
CEEDING .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF CONTRACTS .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the head of an ex-ecutive agency shall terminate a contract with a person who has provided a false cer-tification under subsection (b). (2) W
AIVER .—The head of an executive agency may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) with respect to a person based upon a written finding of urgent and compel-ling circumstances significantly affecting the interests of the United States. If the head of an executive agency waives the re-quirement under paragraph (1) for a person, the head of the agency shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, with-in 30 days after the waiver is made, a report containing the rationale for the waiver and relevant information supporting the waiver decision. (3) I
NITIATION OF SUSPENSION AND DEBAR -
MENT PROCEEDING .—The head of an executive agency shall initiate a suspension and debar-ment proceeding against a person who has provided a false certification under sub-section (b). Upon determination of suspen-sion, debarment, or proposed debarment, the agency shall ensure that such person is en-tered into the Governmentwide database containing the list of all excluded parties in-eligible for Federal programs pursuant to Executive Order No. 12549 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note; relating to debarment and suspension) and Executive Order No. 12689 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note; relating to debarment and suspension). (d) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING CERTAIN  P
RODUCTS .—The remedies specified in sub-sections (a) through (c) shall not apply with respect to the procurement of eligible prod-ucts, as defined in section 308(4) of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2518(4)), of any foreign country or instrumentality des-ignated under section 301(b) of such Act (19 U.S.C. 2511(b)). (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the use of other remedies available to the head of an executive agency or any other of-ficial of the Federal Government on the basis of a determination of a false certification under subsection (b). (f) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 205. ENHANCED INSPECTIONS AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Presi-dent, acting through the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, a report identifying for-eign sea ports and airports whose inspections of ships, aircraft, and conveyances origi-nating in North Korea, carrying North Ko-rean property, or operated by the Govern-ment of North Korea are deficient to effec-tively prevent the facilitation of any of the activities described in section 104(a). (b) E
NHANCED SECURITY TARGETING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the identification of any sea port or airport pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, utilizing the Auto-mated Targeting System operated by the Na-tional Targeting Center in U.S. Customs and Border Protection, require enhanced screen-ing procedures to determine if physical in-spections are warranted of any cargo bound for or landed in the United States that has been transported through such sea port or airport if there are reasonable grounds to be-lieve that such cargo contains goods prohib-ited under this Act. (c) SEIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—A vessel, aircraft, or conveyance used to facilitate any of the activities described in section 104(a) that comes within the jurisdiction of the United States may be seized and forfeited under chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code, or under the Tariff Act of 1930. 
SEC. 206. TRAVEL SANCTIONS. 
(a) A LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS, ADMIS-
SION, ORPAROLE .— (1) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien (or an alien who is a corporate officer of a person) who the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a des-ignee of one of such Secretaries) knows, or has reasonable grounds to believe, is de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) or (b)(1) of sec-tion 104 is— (A) inadmissible to the United States; (B) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-umentation to enter the United States; and (C) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (2) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien who is described in subsection (a)(1) or (b)(1) of section 104 regardless of when issued. (B) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under subparagraph (A)— (i) shall take effect immediately; and (ii) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. (b) E
XCEPTION TOCOMPLY WITHUNITED NA-
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanc- tions under subsection (a)(1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable inter-national obligations. 
SEC. 207. EXEMPTIONS, WAIVERS, AND REMOV-ALS OF DESIGNATION. 
(a) E XEMPTIONS .— (1) M
ANDATORY EXEMPTIONS .—The fol- lowing activities shall be exempt from sanc-tions under section 104: (A) Activities subject to the reporting re-quirements of title V of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. (B) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed June 26, 1947, and entered into force on No-vember 21, 1947, or under the Vienna Conven-tion on Consular Relations, signed April 24, 1963, and entered into force on March 19, 1967, or under other international agreements. (2) D
ISCRETIONARY EXEMPTIONS .—The fol- lowing activities may be exempt from sanc-tions under section 104 as determined by the President: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH234 January 11, 2016 
(A) Any financial transaction the exclusive purpose for which is to provide humanitarian assistance to the people of North Korea. (B) Any financial transaction the exclusive purpose for which is to import food products into North Korea, if such food items are not defined as luxury goods. (C) Any transaction the exclusive purpose for which is to import agricultural products, medicine, or medical devices into North Korea, provided that such supplies or equip-ment are classified as designated ‘‘EAR 99’’ under the Export Administration Regula-tions (part 730 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations) and not controlled under— (i) the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.), as continued in effect under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); (ii) the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.); (iii) part B of title VIII of the Nuclear Pro-liferation Prevention Act of 1994 (22 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); or (iv) the Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act of 1991 (22 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.). (b) W
AIVER .—The President may waive, on a case-by-case basis, the imposition of sanc-tions for a period of not more than one year, and may renew that waiver for additional pe-riods of not more than one year, any sanc-tion or other measure under section 104, 204, 205, 206, or 303 if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a written determination that the waiver meets one or more of the following requirements: (1) The waiver is important to the eco-nomic or national security interests of the United States. (2) The waiver will further the enforcement of this Act or is for an important law en-forcement purpose. (3) The waiver is for an important humani-tarian purpose, including any of the purposes described in section 4 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7802). (c) R
EMOVALS OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent may prescribe rules and regulations for the removal of sanctions on a person that is designated under subsection (a) or (b) of sec-tion 104 and the removal of designations of a person with respect to such sanctions if the President determines that the designated person has verifiably ceased its participation in any of the conduct described in subsection (a) or (b) of section 104, as the case may be, and has given assurances that it will abide by the requirements of this Act. (d) F
INANCIAL SERVICES FOR CERTAIN AC-
TIVITIES .—The President may promulgate regulations, rules, and policies as may be necessary to facilitate the provision of finan-cial services by a foreign financial institu-tion that is not controlled by the Govern-ment of North Korea in support of the activi-ties subject to exemption under this section. 
SEC. 208. REPORT ON THOSE RESPONSIBLE FOR KNOWINGLY ENGAGING IN SIGNIFI-CANT ACTIVITIES UNDERMINING CYBER SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on significant activities un-dermining cyber security conducted, or oth-erwise ordered or controlled, directly or indi-rectly, by the Government of North Korea, including— (1) the identity and nationality of persons that have knowingly engaged in, directed, or provided material support to significant ac-tivities undermining cyber security by the Government of North Korea; (2) the conduct engaged in by each person identified; (3) the extent to which a foreign govern-ment has provided material support to sig-nificant activities undermining cyber secu-rity conducted, or otherwise ordered or con-trolled by, the Government of North Korea; and (4) the efforts made by the United States to engage foreign governments to halt the capability of North Korea to conduct signifi-cant activities undermining cyber security. (b) SUBMISSION AND FORM.— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed 3 years. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in an unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 209. SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT TRI-LATERAL COOPERATION AMONG THE UNITED STATES, JAPAN, AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA IS CRU-CIAL TO THE STABILITY OF THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States, Japan, and the Re-public of Korea (South Korea) share the val-ues of democracy, free and open markets, the rule of law, and respect for human rights. (2) The alliance relationship between the United States, Japan, and South Korea are critical to peace and security in the Asia-Pa-cific region. (3) The United States, Japan, and South Korea are committed to continuing diplo-matic efforts to ensure continued peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region. (4) On December 28, 2014, the United States, Japan, and South Korea finalized a trilateral military intelligence-sharing arrangement concerning the nuclear and missile threats posed by North Korea. (5) The trilateral military intelligence- sharing arrangement reinforces and strengthens the commitment between the United States, Japan, and South Korea to-ward a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that North Korea’s nuclear and bal-listic missile programs are of mutual con-cern to the United States, Japan, and South Korea and a trilateral military intelligence- sharing arrangement is essential to the secu-rity of each nation and the Asia-Pacific re-gion. 
SEC. 210. REPORT ON NUCLEAR PROGRAM CO-OPERATION BETWEEN NORTH KOREA AND IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall sub-mit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on cooperation between North Korea and Iran on their nuclear programs, includ-ing the identity of Iranian and North Korean persons that have knowingly engaged in or directed the provision of material support or the exchange of information between North Korea and Iran on their respective nuclear programs. (b) S
UBMISSION AND FORM.— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in an unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. TITLE III—PROMOTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
SEC. 301. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 104 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘radios capable of receiving broadcasting’’ and in-serting ‘‘radio, Internet, and electronic mass communications capable of receiving con-tent’’; and (2) by adding after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report setting forth a detailed plan for making un-restricted, unmonitored, and inexpensive, radio, Internet, and electronic mass commu-nications available to the people of North Korea. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.’’. 
SEC. 302. REPORT ON NORTH KOREAN PRISON CAMPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report describing, with respect to each political prison camp in North Korea to the extent information is available— (1) the camp’s estimated prisoner popu-lation; (2) the camp’s geographical coordinates; (3) the reasons for confinement of the pris-oners; (4) the camp’s primary industries and prod-ucts, and the end users of any goods pro-duced in such camp; (5) the natural persons and agencies re-sponsible for conditions in the camp; (6) the conditions under which prisoners are confined, with respect to the adequacy of food, shelter, medical care, working condi-tions, and reports of ill-treatment of pris-oners; and (7) imagery, to include satellite imagery of each such camp, in a format that, if pub-lished, would not compromise the sources and methods used by the intelligence agen-cies of the United States to capture geospatial imagery. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) may be included in the first re-port required to be submitted to Congress after the date of the enactment of this Act under sections 116(d) and 502B(b) of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d) and 2304(b)) (relating to the annual human rights report). 
SEC. 303. REPORT ON PERSONS WHO ARE RE-SPONSIBLE FOR SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES OR CENSORSHIP IN NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that contains an identification of each person the Secretary determines to be responsible for serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea and a description of such abuses or censorship engaged in by such person. The report shall include a description of actions taken by the Department of State to imple-ment or support the recommendations of the Commission of Inquiry’s Report on Human Rights in the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea, including efforts to press China and other countries to implement Commission recommendations. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—In preparing the re-port required under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of State shall give due consideration to the findings of the United Nations Com-mission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea, and shall make specific find-ings with respect to the responsibility of Kim Jong Un, and of each natural person who is a member of the National Defense Commission of North Korea, or the Organiza-tion and Guidance Department of the Work-ers’ Party of Korea, for serious human rights abuses and censorship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H235 January 11, 2016 
(c) D ESIGNATION OF PERSONS .—The Presi-dent shall designate under section 104(a) any person listed in the report required under subsection (a) as responsible for serious human rights abuses or censorship in North Korea. (d) S
UBMISSION AND FORM.— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed 3 years, shall be in-cluded in each report required under sections 116(d) and 502B(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151n(d) and 2304(b)) (re-lating to the annual human rights report). (2) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. The Secretary of State shall also publish the unclassified part of the report on the Depart-ment of State’s Web site. TITLE IV—GENERAL AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 401. SUSPENSION OF SANCTIONS AND OTHER MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any sanction or other measure provided for in title I (or any amendment made by title I) or title II may be suspended for up to 365 days upon certifi-cation by the President to the appropriate congressional committees that the Govern-ment of North Korea has— (1) verifiably ceased its counterfeiting of United States currency, including the sur-render or destruction of specialized mate-rials and equipment used for or particularly suitable for counterfeiting; (2) taken significant steps toward financial transparency to comply with generally ac-cepted protocols to cease and prevent the laundering of monetary instruments; (3) taken significant steps toward verification of its compliance with United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1695, 1718, 1874, 2087, and 2094; (4) taken significant steps toward account-ing for and repatriating the citizens of other countries abducted or unlawfully held cap-tive by the Government of North Korea or detained in violation of the 1953 Armistice Agreement; (5) accepted and begun to abide by inter-nationally recognized standards for the dis-tribution and monitoring of humanitarian aid; (6) provided credible assurances that it will not support further acts of international ter-rorism; (7) taken significant and verified steps to improve living conditions in its political prison camps; and (8) made significant progress in planning for unrestricted family reunification meet-ings, including for those individuals among the two million strong Korean-American community who maintain family ties with relatives in North Korea. (b) R
ENEWAL OF SUSPENSION .—The suspen-sion described in subsection (a) may be re-newed for additional consecutive periods of 180 days upon certification by the President to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of North Korea has continued to comply with the conditions de-scribed in subsection (a) during the previous year. 
SEC. 402. TERMINATION OF SANCTIONS AND OTHER MEASURES. 
Any sanction or other measure provided for in title I (or any amendment made by title I) or title II shall terminate on the date on which the President determines and cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that the Government of North Korea has met the requirements of section 401, and has also— (1) completely, verifiably, and irreversibly dismantled all of its nuclear, chemical, bio-logical, and radiological weapons programs, including all programs for the development of systems designed in whole or in part for the delivery of such weapons; (2) released all political prisoners, includ-ing the citizens of North Korea detained in North Korea’s political prison camps; (3) ceased its censorship of peaceful polit-ical activity; (4) taken significant steps toward the es-tablishment of an open, transparent, and representative society; (5) fully accounted for and repatriated all citizens of all nations abducted or unlawfully held captive by the Government of North Korea or detained in violation of the 1953 Ar-mistice Agreement; and (6) agreed with the Financial Action Task Force on a plan of action to address defi-ciencies in its anti-money laundering regime and begun to implement this plan of action. SEC. 403. AUTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE RE-PORTS. 
Any or all reports required to be submitted to appropriate congressional committees under this Act or any amendment made by this Act that are subject to a deadline for submission consisting of the same unit of time may be consolidated into a single re-port that is submitted to appropriate con-gressional committees pursuant to such deadline. 
SEC. 404. REGULATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President is author-ized to promulgate such rules and regula-tions as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act (which may include regulatory exceptions), including under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704). (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act shall be construed to limit the authority of the President pursuant to an applicable Ex-ecutive order or otherwise pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 405. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 406. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Leader M
CCARTHY working with myself, work-ing with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL  of New York to schedule this legisla-tion for floor consideration. Last week, North Korea conducted its fourth known nuclear test. The Kim regime has developed increasingly de-structive weapons. What we are concerned about here is the miniaturization of nuclear war-heads that fit onto its most reliable missiles. We are also concerned about the submarine tests for firing from a sub these missiles that would be capa-ble of launching those devices. We are concerned about the ongoing efforts to make certain that they have got the range now on a three-stage rocket, ICBM, to hit the United States. This threat is unacceptable, and it has to be aggressively challenged. The legislation that we are consid-ering here is the most comprehensive North Korea sanctions legislation to come before this body. Importantly, what this bill does is use targeted fi-nancial and economic pressure to iso-late Kim Jong-un and his top officials from the assets that they maintain in foreign banks and from the hard cur-rency that sustains their rule. These assets are derived primarily from illicit activities, such as counter-feiting U.S. currency, something that North Korea has been caught doing with hundred-dollar bank notes, such as selling their missile systems around the world, contraband in cigarettes, drugs, and other illicit activities. And all of that is used to advance North Ko-rea’s nuclear program. They also pay for the luxurious life-style of the ruling elites, as we have seen in some of the expose´s that come out of North Korea, and it is used to re-press the people. In other words, the money from that hard currency pays for the generals, pays for the secret po-lice, pays for the missile program and the nuclear weapons program. A strategy of financial pressure is the approach we took a decade ago when the previous administration tar-geted Banco Delta Asia. That was a Macao-based bank. This was in 2005. They were targeted for their role in laundering money for North Korea, and this cut it off from the financial sys-tem, really. This led other banks in the region to shun North Korean business, because when the option is out there between whether or not you are going to bank with North Korea or bank with the U.S. and the rest of the world, it is a fairly easy choice for these banks to make. At that point, they freeze the accounts, and that, obviously, isolates the regime. At that time, according to one former top U.S. official who was speak-ing to the issue of what the North Ko-reans would say when they would come into the meetings with the State De-partment, at every conversation we had with the North Koreans, he said, every one of them began and ended with the same question: ‘‘When do we get our money back?’’ Now, the part that got my interest at the time was not only the report that, because he couldn’t pay his generals, there were problems for the regime—it is not a good position for a dictator to be in—but also that missile production 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.005 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH236 January 11, 2016 
lines had come to a halt because they couldn’t buy on the black market; they didn’t have the hard currency anymore to do it, the parts that they needed for their programs. Unfortunately, the pressure at the time was lifted. I think it was lifted prematurely for certain because the representation was made that Kim Jong Il was going to make concessions on his nuclear program, concessions that ultimately were never made. From my standpoint, what a mistake. From the standpoint of the people I talk to over at Treasury, what a mis-take. They had a different vision on how those sanctions should be main-tained. Today, the Obama administration has let its North Korea policy drift. A year ago, it promised a proportional re-sponse to the massive cyber terrorist attack against the United States. But to date, the administration’s response has been dangerously weak. A mere 18 low-level arms dealers have been sanc-tioned. That has been it. Failing to re-spond to North Korea’s belligerence, I think, only emboldens their leader. Disrupting North Korea’s illicit ac-tivities will place tremendous strain on that country’s ruling elite who have so brutalized the people of North Korea. I spoke to the defector who used to run their propaganda machinery about this. He defected through China. And he discussed this issue. He said: Look, that hard currency goes, not to the people; it goes for the military appa-ratus and the political apparatus of the regime. So we have got to go after those illicit activities like we went after organized crime in the United States: identify the network, interdict shipments, disrupt the flow of money. North Korea, after all, has been called a ‘‘gangster regime.’’ You have seen that term in the press. Well, it is pretty apt. This regime is a critical threat, frankly, to our national secu-rity. Under this bill’s framework, any-one laundering money, counterfeiting goods, smuggling, or trafficking nar-cotics will be subject to significant sanctions. It is also important to remember the deplorable state of human rights in North Korea. Two years ago, a U.N. Commission of Inquiry released the most comprehensive report on North Korea to date, finding that the Kim re-gime ‘‘has for decades,’’ in their words, ‘‘pursued policies involving crimes that shock the conscience of humanity.’’ So this bill requires the State Department to use this report’s findings to identify the individuals responsible for these abuses and to press for more ways in which to get information into North Korea so as to move the attitudes of the population inside the country. Mr. Speaker, a return to the strategy of effective financial pressure on North Korea is our best bet to end North Ko-rea’s threat to its own people, to our South Korean allies, and ultimately to us. I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND  G
OVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, February 26, 2015. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act of 2015. As you know, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs received an origi-nal referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on February 5, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform will forego ac-tion on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 757 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the ap-pointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference convened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, January 8, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act, and for agreeing to be dis-charged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, or prejudice its jurisdictional preroga-tives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 757 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, May 29, 2015. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 757, the ‘‘North Korea Sanc-tions Enforcement Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provi-sions in H.R. 757 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 757 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation thereof. Sincerely, PAULRYAN, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 4, 2015. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 757 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, January 7, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, D.C. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 757, the ‘‘North Korea Sanc-tions Enforcement Act of 2015,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 757 that fall within the rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Committee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 757 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.012 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H237 January 11, 2016 
I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 757, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD during Floor consideration of H.R. 757. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 4, 2015. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 757 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, January 8, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015, and H.R. 3662, the Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act, both of which were referred to the Committee on Financial Services in addition to your Com-mittee. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions of the bills that fall with-in our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to dis-charge our Committee from further consider-ation of the bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Com-mittee on Financial Services takes this ac-tion with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 757 and H.R. 3662 at this time, we do not waive any juris-diction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Com-mittee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remain-ing issues that fall within our Rule X juris-diction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legisla-tion, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 757 and H.R. 3662 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of let-ters on this matter be included in your Com-mittee’s report to accompany the legislation and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, January 8, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, House Committee on Financial Serv-ices, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act, and for agreeing to be dis-charged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Financial Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this leg-islation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 757 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. I want to first thank our chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, E
D R
OYCE , for authoring this very good, bi-partisan bill. I am very pleased to be the lead Democratic cosponsor. I think this is an important bill, and it ties in with what we have tried to do for these past years on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, being bipartisan and letting politics stop at the water’s edge when we are talking about international af-fairs. Mr. Speaker, last week’s nuclear test in North Korea was a stark reminder of just how dangerous the Kim regime is. A nuclear weapon in the hands of a rogue power is a threat to peace and stability around the world. North Korea continues to have a destabilizing influence on the peninsula and across the region, and the potential for nu-clear fuel from North Korea to end up on the black market in the hands of violent extremists only compounds the threat. Yet, despite the burden of some of the toughest sanctions imaginable, de-spite constant pressure from the global community, despite the increasing iso-lation of North Korea from the rest of the world, leaders in Pyongyang persist on this dangerous and destabilizing course. The latest test demands a response. We need to work with our allies, par-ticularly South Korea and Japan. We need to make sure this issue is at the top of the agenda in our engagement with China. China can have a lot of in-fluence and does have a lot of influence over North Korea. We need to act uni-laterally to make clear to the North Koreans that their actions have con-sequences. This bill would broaden our sanctions and strengthen enforcement. Let me say I am very proud, again, in a bipar-tisan way, this bill passed unanimously out of the Foreign Affairs Committee. North Korea has become more and more savvy at evading sanctions, and that is why this bill broadens our sanc-tions. The country’s elites do business with shell companies and cover up the money trail. This allows hard currency to flow into North Korea. This bill would crack down on this practice and go after anyone helping prop up the Kim regime through these illegal ac-tivities. I must say that I have been to North Korea twice, to Pyongyang twice. We watched in the morning when people were going to work. The elites do very well there. It is just the rest of the country that is starving. This bill would include the important exceptions for the humanitarian aid that benefits the North Korean people. We help them with food aid. We are the most generous country with feeding North Korea. It is important to point this out because our quarrel is not with the North Korean people. It is with the despot and his aides that run North Korea. We know that the people of North Korea endure deplorable treatment at the hands of a corrupt regime. I can tell you the country’s citizens deserve much, much better. That is why we will keep up the pressure on North Ko-rea’s leaders and that is why we need to pass this legislation. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding. I rise in strong support of H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, there is a compelling need to pass tough and effective legis-lation to freeze the assets of the Kim Jong-un regime. I want to commend Chairman R
OYCE  for his long and hard work on North Korea and his determination to bring this bill to the floor. I again thank Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for his good, strong sense of bipartisanship. This is a one-two punch against a cruel dictatorship, and this legislation has to get to the President as soon as pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, whether it be North Korea or Iran, when will we learn the hard lesson that totalitarian states do not negotiate in good faith, cannot be trusted to hold up their end of the bar-gain, and use our goodwill and our for-eign capital to keep on proliferating? They will not allow intrusive inspec-tions because they cheat and because it weakens their status at home. They use nuclear weapons negotiations to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.027 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH238 January 11, 2016 
enhance their own diplomatic status and to gain concessions. In the end, nuclear negotiations earn rogue nations like Iran and North Korea foreign capital and other invest-ments from the West. They use that to fund additional missile technology, to fund criminal and terrorist activities, and to continue with clandestine nu-clear programs. During the Bush administration, the most effective tools in bringing the North Korea dictatorship to heel were the freezing of its assets in the Banco Delta Asia in Macao and the building of an international coalition to inter-dict suspect North Korea shipping. These should be our priorities now, es-pecially in the shadow of North Korea’s nuclear tests, by imposing mandatory sanctions on the perpetrators of human rights abuses, censorship, arms and human trafficking, money laundering, as well proliferation. Nearly 2 years ago, the U.N. Commis-sion of Inquiry reported that the ongo-ing crimes against humanity in North Korea have no ‘‘parallel in the contem-porary world.’’ These crimes include ‘‘extermination, murder, enslavement, torture, imprisonment, rape, forced abortions and other sexual violence, persecution on political, religious, and racial, and grounds, the forcible trans-fer of populations, the enforced dis-appearance of persons, and the inhu-mane act of knowingly causing pro-longed starvation.’’ b1615 Kim Jong-un cares not at all about the welfare of his own people. We should expect that he cares even less about the welfare of the people of Japan, South Korea, or even U.S. citi-zens who face the threat of North Ko-rean nuclear weapons. The U.N. Commission recommended that the U.N. impose targeted sanc-tions on the North Korean leaders re-sponsible for its human rights crimes. However, China blocks U.N. action. Without U.N. action, the U.S. must act, using our position as the steward of the global financial system. The U.N. Special Rapporteur on North Korea welcomes such action, sup-porting targeted sanctions of those most responsible for these heinous crimes against humanity. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my friend and colleague and a valued member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend from New York, the distinguished ranking member of the House Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. I rise today in support of the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their leadership in bringing this legislation before us. I especially appreciate the inclusion of two of my amendments, one to pro-vide for the reunification of Korean families separated by the 38th parallel, and another to ensure that U.S. policy toward North Korea is informed by the recommendations made in the land-mark Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea conducted by the United Nations. Amidst the tense geopolitical standoffs and irresponsible actions of the North Korean regime, we must al-ways remember the human cost of this enduring conflict. I believe this bill, through these amendments and impor-tant exceptions to sanctions for hu-manitarian relief organizations, does just that. This is timely, if not over-due, legislation. North Korea is a reckless, paranoid state devoid of virtually all aspects of human autonomy, now armed with a nuclear umbrella. That makes the Ko-rean peninsula one of the most dan-gerous flash points on the globe. There have been recent developments in North Korea that are profoundly troubling and deserve an immediate re-sponse from this Congress. Reports that North Korea has conducted its fourth nuclear weapons test confirm that the regime in Pyongyang is com-mitted to defying international norms and risks destabilizing the entire Asia- Pacific region. As co-chairman of the Congressional Caucus on Korea, I remain deeply con-cerned with the volatility and the ever- present potential of conflict on the Ko-rean Peninsula. It is a specter that looms over 75 mil-lion Koreans and, for their sake and that of the region, the U.S., the Repub-lic of Korea, China, and other regional stakeholders must demonstrate com-mitment to addressing this threat. By targeting the individuals and en-tities that support the Kim regime through illicit activities, this bill will hopefully weaken the resolve and capa-bility of Pyongyang to endanger re-gional stability. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), chairman of the Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is also an original cosponsor with me on this legislation. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this piece of legis-lation up to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, North Korea is a world threat, a nuclear world threat. Its lead-ers are outlaws with no redeeming so-cial character in their souls, and we need to operate with them knowing this. Last week, North Korea tested an-other nuclear weapon. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, I held a hear-ing in October and predicted that this test would happen again. With Iran about to receive hundreds of billions of dollars for its illegal nu-clear program, we shouldn’t be sur-prised that North Korea wants a piece of the pie, too. Illegal nuclear pro-grams and material can bring a lot of money to a regime. In the hearing that we had in Octo-ber, we learned of deep connections be-tween Iran and North Korea. Both na-tions, among other things, sponsor worldwide terror. They have a history of working together on missile develop-ment. There is mounting evidence that they have worked together on their nu-clear weapons programs as well. We should expect Iran to keep working with North Korea to advance its own nuclear weapons program. We have sanctions on North Korea, but all those sanctions have not been fully implemented. The administra-tion’s policy of strategic patience is not working because this barbaric re-gime continues to develop nuclear weapons and ICBMs. I say our patience has run out in dealing with them. This bill is Congress showing North Korea that there are consequences for their testing of nuclear weapons. We cannot let North Korea develop its nu-clear program even more. North Korea already has submarines with missiles on them that can reach the United States, over 10 nuclear bombs, and for some reason has Austin on its hit list. I take that personally, Mr. Speaker, that Austin is their num-ber one target in the United States. North Korea is a state that imprisons Christians for their faith, starves its citizens, controls the Internet and the media, tortures anyone in its domain who dares to disagree with the regime, and is engaged in cyberterrorism. Dangerous actions by a ruthless dic-tator must be met by forceful re-sponses. I am glad to be an original co-sponsor of this bill. I urge its passage. It is time for them to pay the price for going rogue. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. GABBARD ), our colleague on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, a rising star in our committee. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I am rising today in strong support of H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions En-forcement Act, which I am proud to be a cosponsor of. North Korea continues to pose a seri-ous and dangerous threat to my con-stituents in Hawaii, the Pacific, and the West Coast of the United States. Our communities and our families lie within range of North Korea’s inter-continental ballistic missiles. North Korea’s nuclear tests just a week ago and their continued pursuit of developing more nuclear weapons and miniaturizing those weapons serve as a reminder of the threat that North Korea poses to our country, which my constituents in Hawaii know all too well. There are some necessary steps that the United States must take to deal with this threat: We need to increase the strength and capabilities of our Pa-cific fleet and forces. We need to stop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.013 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H239 January 11, 2016 
the downward trend in investment of ballistic missile defense development and capabilities, and strengthen our ballistic missile defense capabilities, specifically in Hawaii and the Pacific, to counter this threat. We need to com-pletely reexamine our strategy of so- called strategic patience with North Korea, recognizing that North Korea has continued to grow in their nuclear and missile capabilities, telling us that the status quo is not working. This bill, however, deals with an-other important area where we need to act, and that is sanctions. It gives us the tools to respond to North Korea’s provocations. One provision would apply sanctions that prohibit the ex-port of munitions to North Korea and severely restrict export licenses for controlled goods and technologies. It would prohibit financial transactions between U.S. persons and the Govern-ment of North Korea and sanction those who send or receive lethal mili-tary equipment to or from North Korea. The bill will also give us the tools to reapply some of the most effective sanctions that we have ever had against hard currency for those who do business with North Korea. We saw how these sanctions were effective before. Following U.S. action against the Banco Delta Asia based in Macao in 2005, the assets of North Korean banks and leaders were frozen and completely blocked from the international finan-cial system. This directly affected the money being used to develop these nu-clear and ballistic missile capabilities, and the money also supported the re-gime’s leadership and its elites and their lifestyle. This severely increased the pressure in North Korea, causing them to en-gage with the international commu-nity, coming to an agreement to lift the sanctions in 2007—prematurely, in my view—made in exchange for shut-ting down and sealing the Yongbyon nuclear facilities and discussing a list of its nuclear-related activities with the U.S. and other parties in the re-gion. The agreement was violated by North Korea in 2009 when they tested a mis-sile, and the sanctions on Banco Delta showed us earlier a way to impact North Korean leadership and business directly. Those sanctions should have been immediately reinstated upon North Korea breaking that agreement, but that is why we are here today—to act. While sanctions alone are not enough, this bill could provide some very important tools to countering North Korea’s aggression and ulti-mately achieving our objective of a denuclearized North Korea. Lastly, this bill recognizes the ter-rible human rights abuses inflicted on the people of North Korea. For many years, State Department human rights reports, as well as private organiza-tions’ reports, have depicted a pattern of extreme human rights abuses by the tyrannical North Korean regime, in-cluding the denial of basic human free-doms: withheld access to food and de-plorable prison camps where extrajudicial killings, enslavement, torture, and sexual abuse are wide-spread. I would like to thank our Chairman R
OYCE and our Ranking Member E NGEL  for their steadfast, bipartisan dedica-tion and leadership to taking action on this global and domestic security issue. This bill provides a critical step for-ward. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and author of multiple North Korea human rights and sanctions laws. She is also a cosponsor of this bill. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud and pleased to be here speaking on behalf of this bill, H.R. 757, the North Korea Sanctions Enforce-ment Act. I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for intro-ducing this important bill which, once again, is presented in their usual bipar-tisan manner. While initial reports, Mr. Speaker, cast doubt on North Korea’s claims that it carried out a hydrogen bomb test, any enhancement of the regime’s nuclear capability should be—must be—a cause for concern. Both U.S. and South Korean intelligence assessments indicate that North Korea already pos-sesses the capability to install a nu-clear warhead on a missile that can reach United States territory or that of our allies. Despite some doubt about that capability’s effectiveness, it is just a matter of time before North Korea fin-ishes developing this dangerous tech-nology that it is seeking or, worse, shares this technology with Iran, as these two rogue regimes are bosom buddies and have long been known to collaborate on their ballistic missile programs. What is clear is that our current pol-icy toward North Korea is not working. Administrations from both parties, Mr. Speaker, have made mistakes with North Korea over the years. They have failed to respond to North Korea’s vio-lation of its nuclear deal and have failed to hold the regime accountable for its illicit activity. Administration after administration have removed North Korea off the State Sponsors of Terrorism list and continue to keep the regime off that list despite mounting evidence that would support its inclu-sion back on the terrorism list. Var-ious administrations have utterly failed to enforce the North Korea sanc-tions that we already have on the books. The Obama administration’s so- called strategic patience policy with North Korea has proven to be a dis-aster, and it is time that we fully and vigorously enforce the existing sanc-tions and expand upon those to imple-ment new sanctions on Pyongyang until its nuclear program is disman-tled. By some estimates, North Korea might already have 10 to 15 nuclear weapons, and Kim Jong-un has shown that he will stop at nothing to get the weapons and the technology that he de-sires. This bill would help ensure that our sanctions on North Korea are fi-nally being enforced the way they al-ways should have been, but we can’t forget that North Korea cannot make progress on its nuclear program alone. North Korea has a long history of collaborating with other rogue re-gimes, and we must ensure that we are enforcing sanctions on all of its col-laborators. Any government entity or individual that has sold or transferred weapons or technology to North Korea in violation of U.S. law or U.N. Secu-rity Council resolution should also be targeted for sanctions. Mr. Speaker, I will end with this note: North Korea has been writing the playbook for rogue regimes to follow, and unless this administration gets se-rious about confronting Pyongyang’s aggressions, I worry that it will con-tinue to allow Iran to take advantage of us, that we won’t enforce sanctions on Tehran, just like we are not enforc-ing them on North Korea. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. In a few years’ time, we will be back here debating what to do after another nuclear device test by North Korea, by Iran, or by other rogue actors. North Korea poses an imminent threat now to our security as well as that of our allies. We cannot afford to ignore it nor look the other way. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this important bill and urge its pas-sage. I thank the chairman and the rank-ing member for this bill. b1630 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Colleagues, a nuclear weapon in the hands of North Korea, a rogue, desta-bilizing country on the peninsula and across the region, is simply a non-starter. It is unthinkable. Despite our tough sanctions and increasing isola-tion from the global community, Pyongyang continues down a dan-gerous and destabilizing course. Last week’s nuclear test in North Korea is a jarring reminder of just how dangerous the Kim regime is and de-mands a response from the United States and our allies as well. We must work with South Korea and Japan to make sure this issue is at the top of our agenda in our engagement with China. We must act unilaterally to make sure to North Koreans that their leadership’s actions have consequences. H.R. 757 would broaden our sanctions and strengthen enforcement. The bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.015 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH240 January 11, 2016 
would crack down on North Korean elite who do business through shell companies to evade detection and go after anyone helping to prop up the Kim regime through illegal activities. This bill would include important ex-ceptions for the humanitarian aid that benefits the North Korean people. North Koreans deserve much more than what its leaders are providing, which is why we need to pass this legis-lation. We cannot allow North Korea to continue to be dangerous and frivolous. We have to stand up and say no. They have to understand that we mean busi-ness. They have to understand that what they have done is unacceptable and will not stand. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. We have the opportunity today to show Americans and the world that Congress is willing to lead on this vital national security issue. This is an issue that Congress has been focused on, ob-viously, for some time. I have spent much of my time on the Foreign Affairs Committee focused on the North Korean threat. Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL and I, in one of our first trips together as chairman and ranking member of the committee, traveled to visit our South Korean ally and toured the wreckage of the Cheonan. This was a corvette ship that was hit and split right in half by a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine, costing the lives of 46 sailors. It is a re-minder of the attitude that North Korea has in terms of its provocative action. Both E
LIOT ENGEL and I have been to North Korea on separate trips, and we can tell you it is a totalitarian state with an ever-present cult of personal-ities. If you have ever read Orwell’s book, ‘‘Nineteen Eighty-Four,’’ the so-ciety in that book seemed almost more rational than this police state. I was talking to the former Minister of Propaganda. In the no-go areas, 1.9 million were starved to death in North Korea. You ask why. Well, with the paranoia of the police state, they are not considered particularly loyal out there. Besides, the food can be sold on the food exchange in the capital for hard currency. Donated food often is used in this way to support what he calls ‘‘juche,’’ to support this philosophy which leads them forward with this de-sire to have a nuclear weapon and the capability to deliver it. This bipartisan bill, which I authored with E
LIOT ENGEL as our principal co-author, is based on legislation that unanimously passed the House last Congress. Its implementation will help sever a key subsidy for North Korea’s weapons of mass destruction program, for only when the North Korean leader-ship realizes that its criminal activi-ties are untenable do prospects for peace and security in Northeast Asia improve. This bill will return us to the one strategy that has worked to pressure North Korea at a time when Kim Jong- un is trying to blackmail his way to consolidating power. Congress must send the message to the Kim regime that they can either reform and disarm or the system can implode. Without hard currency, with-out being able to pay the generals, that system would implode. By cutting off Kim Jong-un’s access to the hard cur-rency he needs for his army and his weapons, this bill, H.R. 757, will square-ly present the North Korean regime with that choice. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, recent news of North Korea’s claim that it success-fully conducted an H-bomb test for the first time, in defiance of United Nations’ resolutions ups the ante on why we must remain stead-fast in expediently addressing insecurity in our nation and across the globe, as anticipated in this bill by Representative ROYCE of California, entitled the North Korean Sanctions Enforce-ment Act of 2,315 which has enjoyed bi-par-tisan support. Our world today is faced with resurgent and evolving threats from weapons of mass de-struction to destructive nuclear ambitions. Indeed, news events inform us of the far- ranging spectrum we must contend with, rang-ing from persistent nation state-based dan-gerous nuclear ambitions in North Korea, to continued chemical weapons used in Syria, to terrorist organizations such as Daesh ramping up their destructive capabilities through vitriolic recruitment strategies, that pose an existential threat beyond the borders from which ISIS is operating. I am confident that these are issues that President Obama will be addressing and pro-posing durable solutions to during his last state of the Union Address as our nation’s Commander In Chief. Under his leadership, our nation has achieved foreign policy feats that have worked to maintain our security, promote our geo-political objectives and advance our diplomatic relationships with key allies. Let’s just take a quick look back at some of the President’s foreign policy achievements: The capture and neutralization of Osama Bin Laden which brought an end to a nearly decade long manhunt. The withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq which helped to bring an end to a costly war, helping our country save billions of dollars in U.S. taxpayer funds. The current Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which has been instrumental in deter-ring and stemming Iran’s nuclear ambitions and enabling security in the global society. The repealing of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell, an aspersion on the personal private matters of those who have dedicated their lives to protect our nation. Signing into law the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START), an important treaty that showcases how the U.S. leads by exam-ple by signing a treaty that requires both the United States and Russia to reduce their nu-clear warhead arsenals to 1,550 each, a 30 percent reduction from the 2002 Treaty of Moscow and a 74 percent reduction from the 1991 START treaty. Neutralization of al Qaeda propagandist and foreign fighter recruiter Anwar Al Awlaki, one of the main leaders in the Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). Indeed, under President Obama’s leader-ship, our country’s military aid to Israel has in-creased remarkably with the eye towards deepening and expanding U.S./Israeli rela-tions-an important aspect of our nation’s for-eign policy and geopolitical efforts to promote peace in the region. This president’s foreign policy achievements in promoting the security of our nation are ir-refutable and this is why I support the North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015 be-cause it will empower him to continue his im-pressive work in this arena. Much like the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) championed by this Adminis-tration, this bill encourages our President to in-vestigate any credible information of sanctionable activities involving North Korea. Furthermore, this bill will designate and im-plement sanctions against persons and enti-ties who knowingly engage in or contribute to activities in North Korea whether it is through their exporting or importing of weapons of mass destruction, significant arms, significant luxury goods, money laundering, censorship, or engage in human rights abuses. Pursuant to the bill, the President is empow-ered to exercise authorities under the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) as it relates to persons, entities and the government of North Korea. This bill empowers our President with dis-cretionary authority to designate and apply sanctions to persons involved in certain other kinds of conduct. This bill will facilitate civil forfeiture of as-sets, real or personal, if said properties inure from any attempted or actual violation of this Act, or which constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to such a violation. Other core provisions of the bill is the em-powerment of our Treasury Secretary to: determine whether reasonable grounds exist for concluding that North Korea is a jurisdic-tion of primary money laundering concern; and In the event our Treasury Secretary makes this determination, he is empowered to impose one or more special measures with respect to the jurisdiction of North Korea. Finally, our sense of Congress in this bill is in comity with and ensures the consistent en-forcement of United Nations Security Council resolutions and financial restrictions on North Korea. Through this bill, our president will be em-powered to withhold assistance under the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 to any country that provides lethal military equipment to, or receives it from the government of North Korea. This bill is also important because it will put into place an enhanced screening procedure whereby our Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) will be able to determine if physical in-spections are warranted of any cargo bound for or landed in the United States that has been transported through a foreign seaport or airport whose inspections are deficient if there are reasonable grounds to believe that such cargo contains goods prohibited under this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.017 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H241 January 11, 2016 
This will facilitate expedient seizure of ves-sels or aircraft used to facilitate sanctionable activities. The President will also be supported in his efforts to produce progress reports on signifi-cant activities undermining cyber security con-flicted, or otherwise ordered or controlled, di-rectly or indirectly, by the government of North Korea. Our Secretary of State will be supported in his human rights efforts of reporting on each political prison camp in North Korea, which will include a detailed description of those abuses or censorship. Again, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for cham-pioning this bill and look forward to working with him and other members of this House in promoting our national security and supporting our President’s objective of establishing us as a credible and trusted leader in the global landscape. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 757, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1777) to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance pay-able to a former President, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1777 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Al-lowance Modernization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R ELATING TO A FORMER PRESIDENT .—The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to pro-vide retirement, clerical assistants, and free mailing privileges to former Presidents of the United States, and for other purposes’’, ap-proved August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), is amended by striking the matter before sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) Each former President shall be entitled for the remainder of his or her life to receive from the United States— ‘‘(1) an annuity at the rate of $200,000 per year, subject to subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) a monetary allowance at the rate of $200,000 per year, subject to subsections (c) and (d). ‘‘(b)(1) The annuity and allowance under sub-section (a) shall each— ‘‘(A) commence on the day after the indi-vidual becomes a former President; ‘‘(B) terminate on the last day of the month before the former President dies; and ‘‘(C) be payable by the Secretary of the Treas-ury on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) The annuity and allowance under sub-section (a) shall not be payable for any period during which the former President holds an ap-pointive or elective position in or under the Fed-eral Government to which is attached a rate of pay other than a nominal rate. ‘‘(c) Effective December 1 of each year, each annuity and allowance under subsection (a) having a commencement date that precedes such December 1 shall be increased by the same per-centage as the percentage by which benefit amounts under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 and following) are increased, ef-fective as of such December 1, as a result of a determination under section 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). ‘‘(d)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the monetary allowance payable under subsection (a)(2) to a former President for any 12-month period may not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(A) the monetary allowance which (but for this subsection) would otherwise be so payable for such 12-month period, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(B) the applicable reduction amount for such 12-month period. ‘‘(2)(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), the ‘applicable reduction amount’ is, with respect to any former President and in connection with any 12-month period, the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the sum of (I) the adjusted gross income (as defined by section 62 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) of the former President for the last taxable year ending before the start of such 12-month period, plus (II) any interest ex-cluded from the gross income of the former President under section 103 of such Code for such taxable year, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) $400,000, subject to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) In the case of a joint return, subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (A)(i) shall be ap-plied by taking into account both the amounts properly allocable to the former President and the amounts properly allocable to the spouse of the former President. ‘‘(C) The dollar amount specified in subpara-graph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted at the same time that, and by the same percentage as the per-centage by which, the monetary allowance of the former President is increased under sub-section (c) (disregarding this subsection).’’. (b) RELATING TO THE SURVIVING SPOUSE OF A  F
ORMER PRESIDENT .— (1) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF MONETARY ALLOW -
ANCE.—Subsection (e) of the section amended by subsection (a) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$20,000 per annum,’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000 per year (subject to paragraph (4)),’’; and (B) in the second sentence— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘or the government of the Dis-trict of Columbia’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) shall, after its commencement date, be in-creased at the same time that, and by the same percentage as the percentage by which, annu-ities of former Presidents are increased under subsection (c).’’. (2) C
OVERAGE OF WIDOWER OF A FORMER  
PRESIDENT .—Such subsection (e), as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘widow’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘widow or widower’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘she’’ and inserting ‘‘she or he’’. 
SEC. 3. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be considered to af-fect— (1) any provision of law relating to the secu-rity or protection of a former President or a member of the family of a former President; or (2) funding, under the law amended by this section or under any other law, to carry out any provision of law described in paragraph (1). SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE; TRANSITION RULES. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall take ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) T
RANSITION RULES.— (1) F
ORMER PRESIDENTS .—In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendment made by section 2(a) shall be applied as if the com-mencement date referred in subsection (b)(1)(A) of the section amended by this Act coincided with such date of enactment. (2) W
IDOWS .—In the case of any individual who is the widow of a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by section 2(b)(1) shall be applied as if the commencement date referred to in subsection (e)(1) of the section amended by this Act coin-cided with such date of enactment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1777, the Presidential Allowance Moderniza-tion Act. The act updates an arcane law which no longer reflects day-to-day reality in order to reduce unnecessary costs to the taxpayers. H.R. 1777 de-creases the pension of former Presi-dents, increases the pension of sur-viving spouses, and limits the allow-ances provided for post-Presidential ex-penditures. This important piece of legislation amends and modernizes the Former Presidents Act of 1958 by authorizing a $200,000 annual pension for each former President and a $100,000 annual sur-vivor benefit for each surviving spouse. We thank these Presidents and their spouses for the unbelievable toll and service that they have given to their country. Currently, former Presidents receive an annual pension of roughly $203,700, and a surviving spouse’s pen-sion is $20,000. The Presidential Allowance Mod-ernization Act also sets an annual al-lowance of $200,000 for costs such as travel, staff, and office expenses that are associated with post-Presidential life. For those former Presidents that earn outside income, which most do, the $200,000 annual allowance is re-duced dollar for dollar for every dollar a former President earns in outside in-come in excess of $400,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.018 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH242 January 11, 2016 
So, in essence, if former Presidents want to ride off into the sunset and go fishing and enjoy the Utah sunsets, they can go do that. They will be very healthily compensated to lead that kind of lifestyle. If they choose to go out and sell books and give speeches and do all those things, more power to them. If that is what they choose to do, they can go out and make that type of money. For some, they make millions of dollars doing so. At that point, I just don’t think that the taxpayers should necessarily supplement their income. They don’t need it at that point. So we worked in a very good, bipar-tisan way with Ranking Member E
LI-
JAH CUMMINGS from Maryland. We worked to do this together. We intro-duced this in a bipartisan way. I want our Members to know that, if this bill passes, it would save nearly $10 million in the first 5 years. In fiscal year 2015, Congress appro-priated $3.2 million for pensions, office staff, and related expenses for former Presidents. Of that amount, the Gen-eral Services Administration made $1.1 million in rental payments for office space. The annual allowance provision under H.R. 1777 replaces the millions of dollars currently provided for travel, staff, and office expenses of former Presidents and ends an unnecessary government handout to former Presi-dents that decide to make millions after leaving office. This bill does not affect the security or protection of former Presidents or family members of a former President. But, rather, H.R. 1777 brings an end to the American taxpayer subsidizing ex-penditures for former Presidents. Unfortunately, both sides of the aisle recognize that, no matter who the President is, in this modern age, they are going to have security concerns the rest of their lives. Under this bill, all of those expenses for the Secret Service and those type of expenditures will continue to be paid for, at no expense. No matter their in-come, it is a duty and obligation of the Federal Government to protect these former Presidents, and they will con-tinue to do so. The Presidential Allowance Mod-ernization Act modernizes the Former Presidents Act while reducing unneces-sary costs to the taxpayers. Again, I want to thank Ranking Member C
UMMINGS , who was an origi-nal cosponsor of this bill. I also want to thank Representative G
ROTHMAN  from Wisconsin, who cosponsored and worked on this piece of legislation. I urge Members to vote in favor of this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1777, the Presidential Allow-ance Modernization Act. I want to thank my good friends, Chairman C
HAFFETZ and Ranking Member C UM-MINGS of the Oversight Committee, for their work on this important update of Presidential legislation. This is what this bill would do: It would update what has become an ar-cane law and reduce unnecessary costs to the taxpayer. The bill would amend the Former Presidents Act of 1958 to provide a $200,000 annual pension for each former President and a $100,000 annual survivor benefit to each sur-viving spouse. The pensions are indexed to inflation and would increase with the Social Security cost-of-living ad-justment. Currently, surviving spouses receive $20,000—an interesting disparity be-tween the spouse and the former Presi-dent—and former Presidents receive a pension equal to the pay for Cabinet Secretaries, which for 2015 is $203,700. The bill would also provide an annual allowance of $200,000 for costs associ-ated with post-Presidential life. The annual allowance would replace amounts currently provided for travel, staff, and office expenses, which to-taled $3.25 million in fiscal year 2015 for the four living former Presidents. The allowance would be reduced dol-lar for dollar for every dollar a former President earns in outside income in excess of $400,000. b1645 So, you see, there might be no Presi-dential pension if the President does what most Presidents have done, which is to almost not be able to help earning outside income. Updating the allowance ends an un-necessary government handout to former Presidents making millions of dollars after leaving office. There is lit-tle reason why American taxpayers should be subsidizing these former Presidents when they are making a comfortable living on their own work. This legislation would not affect the funding for the security and protection of former Presidents and their spouses, and that is an important provision, considering the world in which we live today. Last, Mr. Speaker, I want to particu-larly thank my good friend, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , for the amendment, my amendment to the bill in committee to eliminate the prohibition on pre-venting a former President or sur-viving spouse from receiving a pension during the period of time he or she holds office in the District of Colum-bia. Imagine that. When this bill was written, it was a double-dipping bill, and they thought that some President would leave office and want to, some-how, seek work in the District of Co-lumbia. Hardly, but I can understand that provision, and I thank the chair-man that this double-dipping provision, he and I both find, is no longer nec-essary. While this language may have made sense in 1958, that was before the Dis-trict even had home rule. The District had no mayor or city council. It was under the total dominance of the Fed-eral Government. Since then, of course, there have been changes that I am pleased to ap-plaud, and the government of the Dis-trict of Columbia pays for the pensions of its own employees, so the Federal Government isn’t in it at all. There is no reason the concern that a former President would receive both a pension and a salary from the Federal Government should still be a part of our law. This is a good-government bill that makes fiscal sense by reducing tax-payer-funded costs. I certainly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 1777. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I urge its pas-sage. I really and truly enjoyed work-ing with Members on both sides of the aisle to get this through and urge its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I want to thank the chairman. We are off to a good start in this second session of this Congress. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1777, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS, PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE, AND COURT SERVICES AND OF-FENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY ACT OF 2015 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1629) to revise certain authorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency for the District of Co-lumbia, and the Public Defender Serv-ice for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1629 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITIES OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION TOCOLLECT DEBTS AND  E
RRONEOUS PAYMENTS FROMEMPLOYEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 17 of title 11, District of Columbia Official 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.019 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H243 January 11, 2016 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 11–1733. Collection, compromise, and waiv-er of employee debts and erroneous pay-ments ‘‘(a) C
OLLECTION OF DEBTS AND ERRONEOUS  P
AYMENTS MADE TO EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO COLLECT .—If the Execu-tive Officer determines that an employee or former employee of the District of Columbia Courts is indebted to the District of Colum-bia Courts because of an erroneous payment made to or on behalf of the employee or former employee, or any other debt, the Ex-ecutive Officer may collect the amount of the debt in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF COLLECTION .—The Executive Officer may collect a debt from an employee under this subsection in monthly install-ments or at officially established regular pay period intervals, by deduction in reasonable amounts from the current pay of the em-ployee. ‘‘(3) S
OURCE OF DEDUCTIONS .—The Execu-tive Officer may make a deduction under paragraph (2) from any wages, salary, com-pensation, remuneration for services, or other authorized pay, including incentive pay, back pay, and lump sum leave pay-ments, but not including retirement pay. ‘‘(4) L
IMIT ON AMOUNT .—In making deduc-tions under paragraph (2) with respect to an employee, the Executive Officer— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), may not deduct more than 20 percent of the disposable pay of the employee for any period; and ‘‘(B) upon consent of the employee, may deduct more than 20 percent of the dispos-able pay of the employee for any period. ‘‘(5) C
OLLECTIONS AFTER EMPLOYMENT .—If the employment of an employee ends before the Executive Officer completes the collec-tion of the amount of the employee’s debt under this subsection, deductions may be made— ‘‘(A) from later non-periodic government payments of any nature due the former em-ployee, except retirement pay; and ‘‘(B) without regard to the limit under paragraph (4)(A). ‘‘(b) N
OTICE AND HEARING REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), prior to initiating any pro-ceeding under subsection (a) to collect any debt from an individual, the Executive Offi-cer shall provide the individual with— ‘‘(A) written notice, not later than 30 days before the date on which the Executive Offi-cer initiates the proceeding, that informs the individual of— ‘‘(i) the nature and amount of the debt de-termined by the District of Columbia Courts to be due; ‘‘(ii) the intention of the Courts to initiate a proceeding to collect the debt through de-ductions from pay; and ‘‘(iii) an explanation of the rights of the in-dividual under this section; ‘‘(B) an opportunity to inspect and copy Court records relating to the debt; ‘‘(C) an opportunity to enter into a written agreement with the Courts, under terms agreeable to the Executive Officer, to estab-lish a schedule for the repayment of the debt; and ‘‘(D) an opportunity for a hearing in ac-cordance with paragraph (2) on the deter-mination of the Courts— ‘‘(i) concerning the existence or amount of the debt; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual whose re-payment schedule is established other than by a written agreement under subparagraph (C), concerning the terms of the repayment schedule. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR HEARINGS .— ‘‘(A) AVAILABILITY OF HEARING UPON RE -
QUEST .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Executive Officer shall provide a hearing under this paragraph if an individual, not later than 15 days after the date on which the individual receives a notice under para-graph (1)(A), and in accordance with any pro-cedures that the Executive Officer pre-scribes, files a petition requesting the hear-ing. ‘‘(B) B
ASIS FOR HEARING .—A hearing under this paragraph shall be on the written sub-missions unless the hearing officer deter-mines that the existence or amount of the debt— ‘‘(i) turns on an issue of credibility or ve-racity; or ‘‘(ii) cannot be resolved by a review of the documentary evidence. ‘‘(C) S
TAY OF COLLECTION PROCEEDINGS .— The timely filing of a petition for a hearing under subparagraph (A) shall stay the com-mencement of collection proceedings under this section. ‘‘(D) I
NDEPENDENT OFFICER .—An inde-pendent hearing officer appointed in accord-ance with regulations promulgated under subsection (e) shall conduct a hearing under this paragraph. ‘‘(E) D
EADLINE FOR DECISION .—The hearing officer shall issue a final decision regarding the questions covered by the hearing at the earliest practicable date, and not later than 60 days after the date of the hearing. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to a routine intra-Courts ad-justment of pay that is attributable to a clerical or administrative error or delay in processing pay documents that occurred within the 4 pay periods preceding the ad-justment or to any adjustment that amounts to not more than $50, if at the time of the ad-justment, or as soon thereafter as practical, the Executive Officer provides the indi-vidual— ‘‘(A) written notice of the nature and amount of the adjustment; and ‘‘(B) a point of contact for contesting the adjustment. ‘‘(c) C
OMPROMISE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO COMPROMISE CLAIMS .— The Executive Officer may— ‘‘(A) compromise a claim to collect a debt under this section if the amount involved is not more than $100,000; and ‘‘(B) suspend or end collection action on a claim described in subparagraph (A) if the Executive Officer determines that— ‘‘(i) no person liable on the claim has the present or prospective ability to pay a sig-nificant amount of the claim; or ‘‘(ii) the cost of collecting the claim is likely to be more than the amount recov-ered. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF COMPROMISE .—A com- promise under this subsection shall be final and conclusive unless obtained by fraud, mis-representation, presenting a false claim, or mutual mistake of fact. ‘‘(3) N
O LIABILITY OF OFFICIAL RESPONSIBLE  
FOR COMPROMISE .—An accountable official shall not be liable for an amount paid or for the value of property lost or damaged if the amount or value is not recovered because of a compromise under this subsection. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER OF CLAIM.— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO WAIVE CLAIMS .—Upon application from a person liable on a claim to collect a debt under this section, the Ex-ecutive Officer may, with written justifica-tion, waive the claim if collection would be— ‘‘(A) against equity; ‘‘(B) against good conscience; and ‘‘(C) not in the best interests of the Dis-trict of Columbia Courts. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS ON AUTHORITY .—The Exec-utive Officer may not waive a claim under this subsection if the Executive Officer— ‘‘(A) determines that there exists, in con-nection with the claim, an indication of fraud, misrepresentation, fault, or lack of good faith on the part of the employee, the former employee, or any other person that has an interest in obtaining a waiver of the claim; or ‘‘(B) receives the application for waiver later than 3 years after the later of the date on which the erroneous payment was discov-ered or the date of enactment of this section, unless the claim involves money owed for Federal health benefits, Federal life insur-ance, or Federal retirement benefits. ‘‘(3) DENIAL OF APPLICATION FOR WAIVER .—A decision by the Executive Officer to deny an application for a waiver under this sub-section shall be the final administrative de-cision of the District government. ‘‘(4) R
EFUND OF AMOUNTS ALREADY COL -
LECTED AGAINST CLAIM SUBSEQUENTLY  
WAIVED .—If the Executive Officer waives a claim against an employee or former em-ployee under this section after the District of Columbia Courts have been reimbursed for the claim in whole or in part, the Executive Officer shall provide the employee or former employee a refund of the amount of the re-imbursement upon application for the re-fund, if the Executive Officer receives the ap-plication not later than 2 years after the ef-fective date of the waiver. ‘‘(5) E
FFECT ON ACCOUNTS OF COURTS .—In the audit and settlement of accounts of any accountable official, full credit shall be given for any amounts with respect to which collection by the District of Columbia Courts is waived under this subsection. ‘‘(6) V
ALIDITY OF PAYMENTS .—An erroneous payment or debt, the collection of which is waived under this subsection, shall be a valid payment for all purposes. ‘‘(7) N
O EFFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITIES .— Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to affect the authority of the District of Co-lumbia under any other statute to litigate, settle, compromise, or waive any claim of the District of Columbia. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The authority of the Executive Officer under this section shall be subject to regulations promulgated by the Joint Committee.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 17 of title 11, District of Columbia Official Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘11–1733. Collection, compromise, and waiver of employee debts and erro-neous payments.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to any erroneous payment made or debt incurred before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) A
UTHORIZATION TOPURCHASE UNIFORMS  
FORPERSONNEL .—Section 11–1742(b), District of Columbia Official Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In carrying out the authority under the preceding sen-tence, the Executive Officer may purchase uniforms to be worn by nonjudicial employ-ees of the District of Columbia Courts whose responsibilities warrant the wearing of uni-forms if the cost of furnishing a uniform to an employee during a year does not exceed the amount applicable for the year under section 5901(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code (relating to the uniform allowance for employees of the Government of the United States).’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORITIES OF COURT SERVICES AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TODEVELOP AND OPERATE  P
ROGRAMMATIC INCENTIVES FOR SENTENCED  O
FFENDERS .—Section 11233(b)(2)(F) of the Na-tional Capital Revitalization and Self-Gov-ernment Improvement Act of 1997 (sec. 24– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.019 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH244 January 11, 2016 
133(b)(2)(F), D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘sanctions’’ and inserting ‘‘sanc-tions and incentives’’. (b) P
ERMANENT AUTHORITY TOACCEPT  G
IFTS.—Section 11233(b)(3)(A) of the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997 (sec. 24–133(b)(3)(A), D.C. Official Code) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT GIFTS .—The Di- rector may accept, solicit, and use on behalf of the Agency any monetary or nonmonetary gift, donation, bequest, or use of facilities, property, or services for the purpose of aid-ing or facilitating the work of the Agency.’’. (c) P
ERMANENT AUTHORITY TOACCEPT AND  U
SEREIMBURSEMENTS FROM DISTRICT GOV-
ERNMENT .—Section 11233(b)(4) of such Act (sec. 24–133(b)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘During fiscal years 2006 through 2008, the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘The Director’’. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORITIES OF PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE AND USE OF SERVICES OF  V
OLUNTEERS .—Section 307(b) of the District of Columbia Court Reform and Criminal Pro-cedure Act of 1970 (sec. 2–1607(b), D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘the Service may accept public grants and private con-tributions made to assist it’’ and inserting ‘‘the Service may accept and use public grants, private contributions, and voluntary and uncompensated (gratuitous) services to assist it’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF MEMBERS OF BOARD OF  T
RUSTEES AS EMPLOYEES OF SERVICE FOR  P
URPOSES OF LIABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 303(d) of the Dis-trict of Columbia Court Reform and Crimi-nal Procedure Act of 1970 (sec. 2–1603(d), D.C. Official Code) is amended by striking ‘‘em-ployees of the District of Columbia’’ and in-serting ‘‘employees of the Service’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the District of Columbia Courts and Justice Technical Cor-rections Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–274; 112 Stat. 2419). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill from the Senate that we are consid-ering. Senator J
OHNSON of Wisconsin has put forward this bill. It has cleared the Senate, we are happy to bring this up, but I would urge its adoption. It is S. 1629, with a very long title to it: The District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015. It just rolls off the tongue. This bipartisan bill was introduced, as I said, by Senator R
ONJOHNSON of Wisconsin, and it gives judicial offi-cials in the District of Columbia the authority they need to make personnel and managerial decisions. In 1997, Congress reorganized the Dis-trict of Columbia judicial agencies, making them Federal agencies with Federal employees. This bill improves the efficiency and functions of the D.C. judicial branch by extending them au-thorities that are available to other Federal agencies. S. 1629 allows the D.C. courts system to collect debts and erroneous pay-ments made to employees through in-stallment plans of reasonable amounts. Additionally, the courts will be able to provide uniforms to nonjudicial em-ployees. This helps address safety con-cerns by giving these employees great-er visibility in the courthouse and in the community. Further, these reforms will allow the D.C. judicial offices to operate certain incentive programs, make use of the donations and contributions, and uti-lize unpaid volunteers. It brings sen-sible authorities to the District’s judi-cial agencies that will allow these offi-cers to increase efficiencies and con-duct their work more effectively. We had an opportunity to mark up this bill, and I appreciate the input of Ms. NORTON certainly, being from the District of Columbia. And we would urge its final passage here on the floor now. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I need to thank Senate Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee Chairman R
ONJOHN-
SONand Ranking Member T OMCARPER  for sponsoring the District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency Act, and for all their hard work in getting it passed in the Senate. Thanks also are due to my good friend, the chairman of the Oversight Committee, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , and its Ranking Member, E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , for bringing this bill to the floor and working so closely with us in the Dis-trict of Columbia. This bill may seem small, but its technical changes will improve the op-erations and effectiveness of three Dis-trict of Columbia criminal justice agencies that are under the jurisdic-tion of the Federal Government, and they are under that jurisdiction be-cause of the Revitalization Act, which took over the funding of certain Dis-trict of Columbia agencies because they are State agencies, to improve the financial condition of the District of Columbia, which was the only city that carried State functions. This bill gives these agencies some modest new authorities that are al-ready available to comparable Federal agencies. The bill would authorize CSOSA to use incentives-based pro-grams for offenders, instead of only sanctions to get compliance. This is in keeping with modern pe-nology. It would allow the Public De-fender Service to accept and use public grants, voluntary and uncompensated services, such as unpaid law clerks and interns of the kind, for example, that we use here every day, and private con-tributions made to advance the Public Defender Service’s work. It would allow the courts to collect debts owed to it by its employees. These changes are small and they are noncontroversial, but they mean a great deal to the District of Columbia because they will modernize and im-prove the daily operations of the Dis-trict’s criminal justice system. If I may say so while the chairman is on the floor, these small changes, somehow I hope our committee will find a way to allow the courts, them-selves, to do so that we do not have to bring such small changes before this body, which has such important work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bipartisan piece of legislation. It is common sense. We should pass it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1629. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GRANTS OVERSIGHT AND NEW EFFICIENCY ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1115) to close out expired grants. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1115 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grants Over-sight and New Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘GONE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IDENTIFYING AND CLOSING OUT EXPIRED FEDERAL GRANT AWARDS. 
(a) E XPIRED FEDERAL GRANT AWARD RE-
PORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct the head of each agency, in coordination with the Secretary, to submit to Congress and the Secretary a report, not later than December 31 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, that— (A) lists each Federal grant award held by such agency; (B) provides the total number of Federal grant awards, including the number of grants— (i) by time period of expiration; (ii) with zero dollar balances; and (iii) with undisbursed balances; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.019 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H245 January 11, 2016 
(C) for an agency with Federal grant awards, describes the challenges leading to delays in grant closeout; and (D) for the 30 oldest Federal grant awards of an agency, explains why each Federal grant award has not been closed out. (2) U
SE OF DATA SYSTEMS .—An agency may use existing multiagency data systems in order to submit the report required under paragraph (1). (3) E
XPLANATION OF MISSING INFORMATION .— If the head of an agency is unable to submit all of the information required to be in-cluded in the report under paragraph (1), the report shall include an explanation of why the information was not available, including any shortcomings with and plans to improve existing grant systems, including data sys-tems. (b) N
OTICE FROMAGENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the head of an agency sub-mits the report required under subsection (a), the head of such agency shall provide no-tice to the Secretary specifying whether the head of the agency has closed out grant awards associated with all of the Federal grant awards in the report and which Fed-eral grant awards in the report have not been closed out. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which all of the no-tices required pursuant to paragraph (1) have been provided or March 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year described in subsection (a)(1), whichever is sooner, the Secretary shall compile the notices sub-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1) and submit to Congress a report on such notices. (c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the head of an agency provides notice to Congress under subsection (b)(2), the Inspector Gen-eral of an agency with more than $500,000,000 in annual grant funding shall conduct a risk assessment to determine if an audit or re-view of the agency’s grant closeout process is warranted. (d) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 6 months after the date on which the second report is submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(2), the Director of Office of Management and Budget, in con-sultation with the Secretary, shall submit to Congress a report on recommendations, if any, for legislation to improve account-ability and oversight in grants management, including the timely closeout of a Federal grant award. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) C
LOSEOUT .—The term ‘‘closeout’’ means a closeout of a Federal grant award con-ducted in accordance with part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, including sec-tions 200.16 and 200.343 of such title, or any successor thereto. (3) F
EDERAL GRANT AWARD .—The term ‘‘Federal grant award’’ means a Federal grant award (as defined in section 200.38(a)(1) of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto), including a coopera-tive agreement, in an agency cash payment management system held by the United States Government for which— (A) the grant award period of performance, including any extensions, has been expired for more than 2 years; and (B) closeout has not yet occurred in ac-cordance with section 200.343 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I really want to, first, thank Senator F
ISCHER for the great work done in a bipartisan way in order to move this bill forward. That com-bination, working with a Member who serves on our committee, Mr. W
ALBERG , and the relentless work on this piece of legislation, it is often re-ferred to as the GONE Act, Grants Oversight and New Efficiency Act. It is a good piece of bipartisan, bicameral legislative effort. I believe the bill will be effective in bringing about greater reforms for the grants closeout process, allowing agen-cies to save dollars and make better use of constrained resources. We can-not afford to allow grants to remain open year after year of their expiration date. The GONE Act is an important step in addressing this issue. Again, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Michigan for championing this bill and working through this through his work on H.R. 3089, as well as working with the Senate in order to bring it to this point this day. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us, the Grants Oversight and New Efficiency Act, or GONE Act—and I like that name, it is a very catchy name, and you will see why in a moment—it seeks to improve the grant management process by requiring Federal agencies to report on expired grants. The Gov-ernment Accountability Office has found that expired grants are not al-ways closed out properly. In fact, GAO found that nearly $1 billion in undisbursed balances remained in ex-pired and dormant grant accounts; therefore, the GONE Act’s name. But, Mr. Speaker, I would call this found money, not gone money. It is still there. Improving the grant close-out process will help protect taxpayer dollars and ensure that those dollars can be redirected to better uses. This act may also incline agencies and localities to use funds they have asked for. This legislation would re-quire agencies to report to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and to Congress on the number of ex-pired grants and those with undisbursed balances. For the oldest expired grants, agencies will need to explain why those grants have not been closed. The bill would also require agencies to report a year after the initial report on progress made on grant closure. Hopefully, this increased account-ability will bring improvement to grant management. I commend Representatives WALBERG  and L
AWRENCE for their work on this bipartisan, commonsense legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. b1700 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), who is the lead person sponsoring this piece of legislation here in the House com-panion. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1115, the Grants Oversight and New Efficiency Act, or as we call it, the GONE Act. As the lead House spon-sor of this bill, I am proud of the bipar-tisan, bicameral effort that has gone into this legislation. I especially want to thank the Senate champion of this bill, my colleague in the Senate, Senator D
EBFISCHER , and also my Michigan colleague, Congress-woman B
RENDA LAWRENCE , along with the staff who have worked so hard to bring this bill to the floor today. Last year, we marked up this legisla-tion in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and passed it on to the House floor. After some additional fine-tuning made by our colleagues in the Senate, I am pleased to have the opportunity to see the GONE Act take the final step toward becoming law. Even as we debate this bill today, the Federal Government is racking up service fees to administer thousands of expired empty grant accounts—costing taxpayers millions of dollars per year. I introduced the GONE Act to bring some common sense to the grant man-agement process and require Federal agencies to finally take action to iden-tify these accounts with a zero balance which should be closed out. Specifically, the GONE Act will di-rect agencies to work with the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to identify the total number of grant awards that remain open but have been expired for 2 years or more. HHS was chosen for this role because of the work it has done in closing out expired accounts—good work—and for its role as the agency which houses the Pay-ment Management System. In addition to the total number of ex-pired grants, the bill requires each agency to explain to Congress why the 30 oldest grants that remain open have not been closed. The bill also directs inspectors general for certain larger grant-making agencies to conduct a risk assessment to determine if a fur-ther review of that agency’s grant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.017 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH246 January 11, 2016 
closeout process is necessary. All of this information will give agencies and Congress valuable insight into issues that agencies face when it comes to a timely closeout of grants. It is my hope that this information will inform future efforts to streamline the grant’s lifecycle, specifically the closeout process. In fact, S. 1115 re-quires OMB and HHS to submit a re-port to Congress on potential legisla-tive reforms that are necessary to im-prove the grants lifecycle. I look for-ward to hearing from OMB and HHS on this topic, and I thank those agencies for the feedback they have offered on this bill. For months, Members of the House and Senate on both sides of the aisle have worked to develop this bill into one that will serve to advance the effi-ciency of the grants process. OMB, HHS, and the inspector general com-munity have all provided helpful com-ments as we worked to finalize this leg-islation, and I am grateful for their as-sistance. Mr. Speaker, spending taxpayer dol-lars on expired and empty grant ac-counts is the definition of government waste. I urge my colleagues to support this bill today and send the GONE Act to the President’s desk. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is a good bipartisan bill. I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1115. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TAXPAYERS RIGHT-TO-KNOW ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 598) to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 598 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INVENTORY OF GOVERNMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1122(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF PROGRAM .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘program’ means an organized set of activities by 1 or more agencies directed toward a common purpose or goal.’’; (3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘IN GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2012, the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall’’ and inserting ‘‘W
EBSITE AND PROGRAM INVENTORY .—The Di- rector of the Office of Management and Budget shall’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) include on the website— ‘‘(i) a program inventory that shall iden-tify each program of the Federal Govern-ment for which there is more than $1,000,000 in annual budget authority, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(I) any activity that is commonly referred to as a program by a Federal agency in com-munications with Congress, including any activity identified as a program in a budget request; ‘‘(II) any activity that is commonly re-ferred to as a program by a Federal agency in communications with the public, includ-ing each program for which financial awards are made on a competitive basis; and ‘‘(III) any activity referenced in law as a program after June 30, 2019; and ‘‘(ii) for each program identified in the pro-gram inventory, the information required under paragraph (3) or paragraph (4), as ap-plicable.’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘I
NFORMATION .—Information for each program described under paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NFORMATION FOR LARGER  
PROGRAMS .—Information for each program identified in the program inventory required under paragraph (2) for which there is more than $10,000,000 in annual budget authority’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (C); (C) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (D); (D) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) an identification of the program ac-tivities that are aggregated, disaggregated, or consolidated as part of identifying pro-grams; ‘‘(B) for each program activity described in subparagraph (A), the amount of funding for the current fiscal year and previous 2 fiscal years; ‘‘(C) an estimate of the amount of funding for the program;’’; (E) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) an identification of the statutes that authorize the program and any major regula-tions specific to the program; ‘‘(F) for any program that provides grants or other financial assistance to individuals or entities, for the most recent fiscal year— ‘‘(i) a description of the individuals served by the program and beneficiaries who re-ceived financial assistance under the pro-gram, including an estimate of the number of individuals and beneficiaries, to the ex-tent practicable; ‘‘(ii) for each program for which the head of an agency determines it is not practicable to provide an estimate of the number of indi-viduals and beneficiaries served by the pro-gram— ‘‘(I) an explanation of why data regarding the number of such individuals and bene-ficiaries cannot be provided; and ‘‘(II) a discussion of the measures that could be taken to gather the data required to provide such an estimate; and ‘‘(iii) a description of— ‘‘(I) the Federal employees who administer the program, including the number of full- time equivalents with a pro rata estimate for full-time equivalents associated with mul-tiple programs; and ‘‘(II) other individuals whose salary is paid in part or full by the Federal Government through a grant, contract, cooperative agree-ment, or another form of financial award or assistance who administer or assist in any way in administering the program, including the number of full-time equivalents, to the extent practicable; ‘‘(G) links to any evaluation, assessment, or program performance reviews by the agen-cy, an Inspector General, or the Government Accountability Office (including program performance reports required under section 1116) released during the preceding 5 years; and ‘‘(H) to the extent practicable, financial and other information for each program ac-tivity required to be reported under the Fed-eral Funding Accountability and Trans-parency Act of 2006 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note).’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) INFORMATION FOR SMALLER PRO -
GRAMS .—Information for each program iden-tified in the program inventory required under paragraph (2) for which there is more than $1,000,000 and not more than $10,000,000 in annual budget authority shall, at a min-imum, include— ‘‘(A) an identification of the program ac-tivities that are aggregated, disaggregated, or consolidated as part of identifying pro-grams; ‘‘(B) for each program activity described in subparagraph (A), the amount of funding for the current fiscal year and previous 2 fiscal years; ‘‘(C) an identification of the statutes that authorize the program and any major regula-tions specific to the program; ‘‘(D) for any program that provides grants or other financial assistance to individuals or entities, a description of the individuals served by the program and beneficiaries who received financial assistance under the pro-gram for the most recent fiscal year; and ‘‘(E) links to any evaluation, assessment, or program performance reviews by the agen-cy, an Inspector General, or the Government Accountability Office (including program performance reports required under section 1116) released during the preceding 5 years. ‘‘(5) A
RCHIVING .—After the end of each fis-cal year, the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall archive and pre-serve the information included in the pro-gram inventory required under paragraph (2) relating to that fiscal year.’’. (b) E
XPIRED GRANT FUNDING .—Not later than February 1 of each fiscal year, the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget shall publish on a public website the total amount of undisbursed grant funding remaining in grant accounts for which the period of availability to the grantee has ex-pired. 
SEC. 3. GUIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—Not later than June 30, 2018, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget— (1) shall prescribe guidance to implement this Act, and the amendments made by this Act; (2) shall issue guidance to agencies to iden-tify how the program activities used for re-porting under the Federal Funding Account-ability and Transparency Act of 2006 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note) are associated with pro-grams identified in the program inventory required under section 1122(a)(2)(C)(i) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a); (3) may issue guidance to agencies to en-sure that the programs identified in the pro-gram inventory required under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.025 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H247 January 11, 2016 
1122(a)(2)(C)(i) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), are presented at a similar level of detail across agencies and are not duplicative or overlapping; and (4) may, based on an analysis of the costs of implementation, and after submitting to Congress a notification of the action by the Director— (A) exempt from the requirements under section 1122(a) of title 31, United States Code, an agency that— (i) is not listed in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code; and (ii) for the fiscal year during which the ex-emption is made, has budget authority (as defined in section 3 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 622)) of not more than $10,000,000; and (B) extend the implementation deadline under subsection (b) by not more than 1 year. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall be im-plemented not later than June 30, 2019. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), the prime au-thor of this bill. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 598, the Taxpayers Right-To- Know Act. This bill is a bipartisan and bicameral effort to provide more infor-mation about Federal programs and their activities online. I want to thank my colleague J
IM C
OOPER for all his work in pushing this legislation forward. The American people deserve to know what their government does with their hard-earned dollars, don’t you think? H.R. 598 will make it easier to evaluate Federal Government spending by requiring Federal agencies to iden-tify their programs and provide basic information like what their programs do, how they perform, and how much they cost. Agencies must do a better job of managing their programs and identifying areas where taxpayer dol-lars are wasted. The Government Accountability Of-fice is tasked with reporting on dupli-cation and continues to find new areas of duplication across government. Over 5 years, GAO has identified 106 areas of duplication, overlap, and fragmenta-tion; moreover, they identified an addi-tional 72 areas for potential cost sav-ings. While only 37 percent of rec-ommended corrective actions have been taken, GAO estimates that these actions have saved the Federal Govern-ment and the taxpayer about $20 bil-lion. While GAO’s work has been invalu-able, their ability to look comprehen-sively at the Federal Government is in-herently limited because of the poor reporting by agencies about their ac-tivity. Quite simply, without better data, billions more will be lost and wasted. Current law, specifically, the Govern-ment Performance and Results Mod-ernization Act, requires agencies to re-port all their programs, their funding, and their performance information to the Office of Management and Budget. However, OMB’s current inventory is incomplete and provides inconsistent information. This makes it more dif-ficult and time consuming to identify areas of waste and inefficiency. H.R. 598 establishes an across-the- board definition of ‘‘program’’ and re-quires the publication of detailed infor-mation on each Federal program. This change will allow American taxpayers and Federal watchdogs to better evalu-ate the effectiveness and utility of gov-ernment programs. The Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act is an important and necessary step for-ward for the government in providing programs that are accountable, effec-tive, and efficient. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sen-ator LANKFORD for his work on the Senate companion bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Taxpayers Right-to- Know Act builds upon two existing laws that came through our com-mittee: the Government Performance and Results Modernization Act of 2010 and the DATA Act, which was signed into law in 2014. The Obama administration launched the performance.gov Web site to imple-ment the GPRA Modernization Act, and this bill would enhance the infor-mation available through that Web site. The bill would require the Office of Management and Budget to make available on a central Web site an in-ventory of all Federal agency programs that have a budget authority of more than $1 million. The bill also would require OMB to include on this Web site links to any evaluation, assessment, or program performance reviews by an agency, an inspector general, or the Government Accountability Office released during the preceding 5 years. The Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act would require agencies to disclose how much agency staff are administering each covered program, as well as other individuals whose salary is paid by the government through a contract, grant, or other agreement. The Office of Management and Budg-et raised serious concerns about its ability to implement the requirements of the bill as it was reported by the committee. I want to thank the chair-man for making changes to help ad-dress those concerns in the amended version of the bill before us today. It is important that we continue to work together to ensure the bill will work as intended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bipartisan, bicameral bill. Again, I thank the good work of our colleague Mr. WALBERG in helping to champion this through, the good work on both sides of the aisle in a bipar-tisan, bicameral way. I urge its pas-sage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 598, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL LIBRARY DONATION REFORM ACT OF 2016 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1069) to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on contributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1069 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Library Donation Reform Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PRESIDENTIAL LIBRARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2112 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) P
RESIDENTIAL LIBRARY FUNDRAISING  O
RGANIZATION REPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 15 days after the end of a calendar quar-ter and until the end of the requirement pe-riod described in paragraph (2), each Presi-dential library fundraising organization shall submit to the Archivist information for that quarter in an electronic searchable and sortable format with respect to every con-tributor who gave the organization a con-tribution or contributions (whether mone-tary or in-kind) totaling $200 or more for the quarterly period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.020 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH248 January 11, 2016 
‘‘(2) D URATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—The requirement to submit informa-tion under paragraph (1) shall continue until the later of the following occurs: ‘‘(A) The Archivist has accepted, taken title to, or entered into an agreement to use any land or facility for the Presidential ar-chival depository for the President for whom the Presidential library fundraising organi-zation was established. ‘‘(B) The President whose archives are con-tained in the deposit no longer holds the Of-fice of President. ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE PUB -
LISHED .—The Archivist shall publish on the website of the National Archives and Records Administration, within 30 days after each quarterly filing, any information that is submitted under paragraph (1), without a fee or other access charge in a downloadable database. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION OF FALSE MATERIAL INFOR -
MATION PROHIBITED .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL .— ‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for any person who makes a contribution de-scribed in paragraph (1) to knowingly and willfully submit false material information or omit material information with respect to the contribution to an organization de-scribed in such paragraph. ‘‘(ii) P
ENALTY .—The penalties described in section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, shall apply with respect to a violation of clause (i) in the same manner as a violation described in such section. ‘‘(B) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for any Presidential library fundraising organi-zation to knowingly and willfully submit false material information or omit material information under paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) P
ENALTY .—The penalties described in section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, shall apply with respect to a violation of clause (i) in the same manner as a violation described in such section. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION ON CONTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for a person to knowingly and willfully— ‘‘(i) make a contribution described in para-graph (1) in the name of another person; ‘‘(ii) permit his or her name to be used to effect a contribution described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(iii) accept a contribution described in paragraph (1) that is made by one person in the name of another person. ‘‘(B) P
ENALTY .—The penalties set forth in section 309(d) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (2 U.S.C. 437g(d)) shall apply to a violation of subparagraph (A) in the same manner as if such violation were a violation of section 316(b)(3) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 441b(b)(3)). ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Archi-vist shall promulgate regulations for the purpose of carrying out this subsection. ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) I
NFORMATION .—The term ‘informa-tion’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The amount or value of each contribu-tion made by a contributor referred to in paragraph (1) in the quarter covered by the submission. ‘‘(ii) The source of each such contribution, and the address of the entity or individual that is the source of the contribution. ‘‘(iii) If the source of such a contribution is an individual, the occupation of the indi-vidual. ‘‘(iv) The date of each such contribution. ‘‘(B) P
RESIDENTIAL LIBRARY FUNDRAISING  
ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘Presidential li-brary fundraising organization’ means an or-ganization that is established for the purpose of raising funds for creating, maintaining, expanding, or conducting activities at— ‘‘(i) a Presidential archival depository; or ‘‘(ii) any facilities relating to a Presi-dential archival depository.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—Section 2112(h) of title 44, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a))— (1) shall apply to an organization estab-lished for the purpose of raising funds for creating, maintaining, expanding, or con-ducting activities at a Presidential archival depository or any facilities relating to a Presidential archival depository before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) shall only apply with respect to con-tributions (whether monetary or in-kind) made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ), the gentleman who has championed this issue as the prime sponsor. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ  for his support and for yielding me this time. This is a bill that has passed in three separate Congresses with over-whelming bipartisan support and very, very little opposition. In fact, in this Congress, it is cosponsored by Ranking Member E
LIJAH CUMMINGS . In past Con-gresses, it has been cosponsored by Ranking Member Edolphus Towns; and in one Congress, Chairman Waxman be-came the primary sponsor. So it is a very bipartisan bill. It is a very simple bill, one that I think can be supported by anyone who is opposed to secrecy in government and believes in an open, transparent system. The Presidential Library Do-nation Reform Act simply requires that donations to a President’s library greater than $200 be disclosed to the public and posted online. It is very surprising to people that there are no laws governing these do-nations at this time. In fact, any per-son, corporation, or foreign govern-ment can donate any amount, unre-ported, while a President is still in of-fice. I first introduced this bill in the 106th Congress after reading a front- page story in The Washington Times reporting that foreign governments from the Middle East were making very large donations to the proposed li-brary for President Clinton. I was con-cerned about the influence of donations being made by foreign governments. However, I hasten to say this is not di-rected toward former President Clinton or anyone else. This bill has been intro-duced and passed, and I have sponsored this bill under both Republican and Democratic Presidents. I did read at one point that after I in-troduced this bill that President Clin-ton’s library had received a $450,000 contribution from the ex-wife of Marc Rich, who had fled the country to evade $40 million in taxes. So these types of things have certainly raised concern. In 2013, the Sunlight Foundation’s policy director endorsed my bill during a hearing on Federal Government transparency in the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, saying: ‘‘It would provide valuable in-formation on special interests whose donations put them in close proximity with Presidents.’’ b1715 Presidential libraries were once mod-est structures, but they have grown rapidly over the years into megamuseums devoted to a President’s life and legacy. President George W. Bush’s library topped $500 million in costs. That is seven times the cost of his father’s library. A recent report in The New York Times noted that Presi-dent Obama’s library could end up costing $1 billion. As costs soar, clearly there is poten-tial for abuse, no matter who is Presi-dent. This is, as I said, not a partisan issue. It is not directed at any Presi-dent. It is simply a good government bill that I think almost everyone can support, and certainly they have in the past. I urge support for this legislation. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I support this bill, Mr. Speaker. I want to thank Representative D UN-
CAN and Ranking Member C UMMINGS  for sponsoring this legislation. Rep-resentative D
UNCAN first sponsored a bill to improve Presidential libraries 16 years ago. What has happened that we can’t get this bill through the Con-gress? I hope this bill this year will prove different. This Congress, I hope we can finally get this important re-form on the President’s desk where I am sure it will be signed. The Presidential Library Donation Reform Act would provide trans-parency to the process for building Presidential libraries. The practice of creating a Presidential library began decades ago with President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. The tradition has carried on through every President since that time, and it is going to con-tinue. Presidential libraries have become increasingly more expensive as they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.021 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H249 January 11, 2016 
have evolved into multipurpose centers that do more than simply house Presi-dential records. For example, the Wil-liam J. Clinton Library cost an esti-mated $165 million, while the George W. Bush Presidential Center cost an es-timated $250 million to build, with President Bush having raised approxi-mately half a billion dollars for his li-brary, museum, and institute. We can expect that with each new President, these libraries are going to cost more. That is just natural. Under current law, there is no re-quirement to disclose the identities of those who donate to a Presidential li-brary, and a President is able to secure an unlimited amount of private dona-tions while still in office. The bill before us would make a sim-ple but very important change in exist-ing law. Under this bill, organizations that raise money to build Presidential libraries would be required to disclose the identity of any individual who do-nates more than $200. It seems reason-able to me, Mr. Speaker. The National Archives and Records Administration would then be required to post the do-nation information in a manner that is free to access and downloadable. Additionally, this legislation would create criminal penalties for individ-uals who report false information on donations and for fundraising organiza-tions that omit donation information. A group of 15 good government orga-nizations, including Citizens for Re-sponsibility and Ethics in Washington and the Sunlight Foundation, sent a letter urging the House to support this bill. Here is what they wrote: ‘‘Under the current opaque system, Presidents raise funds privately to es-tablish their Presidential libraries. These efforts, which often begin long before they leave office, are unregu-lated and undisclosed, creating oppor-tunities for, or the appearance of, in-fluence-peddling. Improved trans-parency would help reduce the appear-ance of impropriety and help deter in-appropriate behavior.’’ The appearance is just as important as the behavior itself, I emphasize, Mr. Speaker. This bill was approved without oppo-sition by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in March and has passed the House several times be-fore. As I noted, companion legislation sponsored by Senators C
ORKER and J
OHNSON was approved by the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee earlier this year. It looks like this bill may become law after all, Mr. D
UNCAN . I urge every Member of this body to support transparency by voting for this important legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge its passage. It is high time that this passed. It is bipartisan, it is bicameral, and it is done with some good leadership from Mr. D
UNCAN . I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1069, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOIA OVERSIGHT AND IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 653) to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to provide for greater public ac-cess to information, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 653 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FOIA Over-sight and Implementation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘FOIA Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC ACCESSIBILITY .—Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘for public inspection and copying’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘in an electronic, publicly accessible for-mat’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) by striking subparagraph (E) and in-serting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) copies of all releasable records, re-gardless of form or format, that have been requested three or more times under para-graph (3); and ‘‘(F) a general index of the records referred to under subparagraphs (D) and (E);’’; and (iv) in the matter following subparagraph (F) (as added by clause (iii) of this subpara-graph)— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraphs (D) and (E)’’; (II) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (E)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’; and (B) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘that will take longer than ten days to process’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by inserting ‘‘automated’’ after ‘‘pro-vides’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end of clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) provide a name, phone number, and email address for an agency employee who can provide current information about the status of each request received.’’; (2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘make publicly available upon request’’ and insert-ing ‘‘make available in an electronic, pub-licly accessible format’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF RE-
QUESTS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSOLIDATED ONLINE REQUEST POR -
TAL.—The Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall ensure the operation of a consolidated online request portal that allows a member of the public to submit a request for records under subsection (a) to any agency from a single website. The portal may include any additional tools the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget finds will improve the implementation of this section. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This sub-section shall not be construed to alter the power of any other agency to create or main-tain an independent online portal for the submission of a request for records under this section. The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall establish standards for interoperability between the portal required under paragraph (1) and other request processing software used by agencies subject to this section. ‘‘(3) E
MAIL REQUEST REQUIRED .—At a min-imum, each agency shall accept requests for records under subsection (a) through an email address and shall publish such email address on the website of the agency.’’. (b) P
RESUMPTION OF OPENNESS .— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (5), by inserting after ‘‘with the agency’’ the following: ‘‘, exclud-ing— ‘‘(A) opinions that are controlling interpre-tations of law; ‘‘(B) final reports or memoranda created by an entity other than the agency, including other Governmental entities, at the request of the agency and used to make a final policy decision; ‘‘(C) guidance documents used by the agen-cy to respond to the public; and ‘‘(D) records or information created 25 years or more before the date on which a re-quest is made under subsection (a)(3);’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘similar files’’ and inserting ‘‘personal information such as contact information or financial in-formation’’; and (C) in the matter following paragraph (9)— (i) by inserting before ‘‘Any reasonably segregable portion’’ the following: ‘‘An agen-cy may not withhold information under this subsection unless such agency reasonably foresees that disclosure would cause specific identifiable harm to an interest protected by an exemption, or if disclosure is prohibited by law.’’; and (ii) by inserting before ‘‘If technically fea-sible,’’ the following: ‘‘For each record with-held in whole or in part under paragraph (3), the agency shall identify the statute that ex-empts the record from disclosure.’’ (2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (A) I
NTELLIGENCE SOURCES AND METHODS .— Nothing in the amendments made by this Act to section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code, shall be construed to require the dis-closure of information that— (i) is exempt under paragraph (1) of such section; or (ii) would adversely affect intelligence sources and methods that are protected by an exemption under such section. (B) P
ERSONAL PRIVACY .—For purposes of section 552(b)(6) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this Act, the term ‘‘per-sonal privacy’’ may not be construed to in-clude the name of a Federal employee en-gaged in an official duty of such employee. (3) E
XEMPTION DECISION TRANSPARENCY .— Section 552(a)(6)(C)(i) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.030 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH250 January 11, 2016 
fourth sentence and inserting at the end the following: ‘‘Any notification of denial or par-tial denial of any request for records under this subsection shall set forth each name and title or position of each person responsible for the denial or partial denial or any deci-sion to withhold a responsive record under subsection (b).’’. (c) R
EQUESTS FROM CONGRESS .—Section 552(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In responding to requests from Congress for information, an agency may not assert that information may be withheld from Congress under this section.’’. (d) A
SSESSMENT OF ATTORNEY FEES AND  O
THER LITIGATION COSTS.—Section 552(a)(4)(E)(i) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The court may’’ and inserting ‘‘The court shall’’. (e) O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT INFORMATION  S
ERVICES .—Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Management and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Government Information Services,’’; and (2) by amending subsection (h) to read as follows: ‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT INFORMATION  S
ERVICES .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Office of Government Information Serv-ices within the National Archives and Records Administration. The head of the Of-fice is the Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF FOIA POLICY , PROCEDURE , 
AND COMPLIANCE .—The Office of Government Information Services shall— ‘‘(A) review policies and procedures of agencies under this section; ‘‘(B) review compliance with this section by agencies; ‘‘(C) identify methods that improve com-pliance under this section that may in-clude— ‘‘(i) the timely processing of requests sub-mitted to agencies under this section; ‘‘(ii) the system for assessing fees and fee waivers under this section; and ‘‘(iii) the use of any exemption under sub-section (b); and ‘‘(D) review and provide guidance to agen-cies on the use of fees and fee waivers. ‘‘(3) M
EDIATION SERVICES .—The Office of Government Information Services shall offer mediation services to resolve disputes be-tween persons making requests under this section and agencies as a non-exclusive al-ternative to litigation and may issue advi-sory opinions at the discretion of the Office or upon request of any party to such medi-ation services. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Govern-ment Information Services shall not less than annually submit to the committees de-scribed in subparagraph (C) and the Presi-dent a report on the findings from the infor-mation reviewed and identified under para-graph (2), a summary of the Office’s activi-ties under paragraph (3) (including any advi-sory opinions issued), and legislative and regulatory recommendations to improve the administration of this section. ‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC AVAILABILITY OF RE -
PORTS .—The Office shall make available any report submitted under subparagraph (A) in an electronic, publicly accessible format. ‘‘(C) C
ONGRESSIONAL SUBMISSION OF RE -
PORT .—The committees described in this sub-paragraph are the following: ‘‘(i) The Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(ii) The Committees on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Judi-ciary of the Senate. ‘‘(D) DIRECT SUBMISSION OF REPORTS AND  
TESTIMONY .—Any report submitted under subparagraph (A), any testimony, or any other communication to Congress shall be submitted directly to the committees and the President, without any requirement that any officer or employee outside of the Office of Government Information Services, includ-ing the Archivist of the United States and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, review such report, testimony, or other communication. ‘‘(5) S
UBMISSION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMA -
TION.—The Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services may submit addi-tional information to Congress and the President that the Director determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL MEETING REQUIRED .—Not less than once a year, the Office of Government Information Services shall hold a meeting that is open to the public on the review and reports by the Office and permit interested persons to appear and present oral or written statements at such meeting.’’. (f) P
UBLIC RESOURCES .—Section 552(a)(6) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘of such deter-mination and the reasons therefor, and of the right of such person to appeal to the head of the agency any adverse determina-tion; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘of— ‘‘(I) such determination and the reasons therefor; ‘‘(II) the right of such person to seek as-sistance from the agency FOIA Public Liai-son; and ‘‘(III) the right of such person to appeal to the head of the agency any adverse deter-mination, within a period determined by the agency that is not less than 90 days after the receipt of such adverse determination; and’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘and the right of such person to seek dispute resolu-tion services from the agency FOIA Public Liaison or the Office of Government Infor-mation Services.’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (v); and (B) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing new clause (iv): ‘‘(iv) When an agency consults with an en-tity with substantial interests in the deter-mination of a request (in this clause referred to as the ‘consulted entity’): ‘‘(I) The agency shall notify the requestor of the consultation in writing, including each of the following: ‘‘(aa) A brief description of the consulta-tion process. ‘‘(bb) The name of each consulted entity, unless otherwise prohibited by law. ‘‘(cc) An approximate number of pages, or other description of the volume of records, that each consulted entity is reviewing. ‘‘(II) The agency shall notify the consulted entity of the need to consult in writing, in-cluding each of the following: ‘‘(aa) An approximate number of pages, or other description of the volume of records, that the entity is requested to review. ‘‘(bb) A request to provide a complete re-sponse within 15 days after the date on which the notification is sent and a notice that after the expiration of that time period the agency will proceed with the compliance of the request if a completed response is not re-ceived. ‘‘(cc) If the number of records in the con-sultation under this clause exceeds 3,000 pages, a notification that the consulted enti-ty shall have 15 days after the date on which the notice is sent to submit a substantial re-sponse and that a response on at least 3,000 pages not less than every five days there-after is required to continue the consulta-tion period. ‘‘(dd) If the consulted entity is unable or anticipates that the entity will be unable to complete the consultation within the time period described, a notification that the con-sulted entity may request mediation services at the Office of Government Information Services to set an alternative consultation schedule. ‘‘(III) If the requesting agency has not re-ceived a completed request within the time period described in the consultation notice, the agency shall request that the consulted entity engage in mediation services with the Office of Government Information Services. If the consulted entity is an agency, the con-sulted agency shall agree to participate in mediation services. ‘‘(IV) If the consulted entity requests or agrees to engage in mediation services, the requesting agency shall notify the requester of the mediation and the opportunity to par-ticipate in the mediation, if participation is not otherwise prohibited by law. The parties in the mediation shall determine a reason-able schedule of completion and a date by which the requesting agency shall complete the response to the request. ‘‘(V) If the consulted entity does not re-spond or rejects the offer to mediate an al-ternative schedule, the requesting agency shall complete the response to the requester. ‘‘(VI) The previous provisions of this clause shall not apply when the consulted entity is an element of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))).’’; and (3) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘any such estimate to the person making the re-quest, unless providing such estimate would harm an interest protected by the exemption in subsection (b) pursuant to which the de-nial is made.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘to the person making the request the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Any such estimate, unless providing such estimate would harm an interest pro-tected by the exemption in subsection (b) pursuant to which the denial is made. ‘‘(ii) A list of all records requested the pro-vision of which was denied, unless the disclo-sure of such record is prohibited by law.’’. (g) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION  R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 552(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(8) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION FOR IN-
CREASED PUBLIC UNDERSTANDING OF THE GOV-
ERNMENT .—Each agency shall— ‘‘(A) review the records of such agency to determine whether the release of the records would be in the public interest because it is likely to contribute significantly to public understanding of the operations or activities of the Government; ‘‘(B) for records determined to be in the public interest under subparagraph (A), rea-sonably segregate and redact any informa-tion exempted from disclosure under sub-section (b); and ‘‘(C) make available in an electronic, pub-licly accessible format, any records identi-fied in subparagraph (A), as modified pursu-ant to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(9) I
NCREASED DISCLOSURE OF INFORMA -
TION.—Each agency shall— ‘‘(A) make information public to the great-est extent possible through modern tech-nology to— ‘‘(i) inform the public of the operations and activities of the Government; and ‘‘(ii) ensure timely disclosure of informa-tion; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.023 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H251 January 11, 2016 
‘‘(B) establish procedures for identifying categories of records that may be disclosed regularly and additional records of interest to the public that are appropriate for public disclosure, and for posting such records in an electronic, publicly accessible format.’’. (h) R
EPORT ON CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION  
FOR DISCLOSURE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every two years thereafter, the Director of the Office of Information Policy of the De-partment of Justice, after consultation with agencies selected by the Director, shall sub-mit to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committees on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs and the Ju-diciary of the Senate a report that identifies categories of records that would be appro-priate for proactive disclosure, and shall make such report available in an electronic, publicly accessible format. (i) A
GENCY FOIA R EPORT .—Section 552(e) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and to the Director of the Office of Government Information Services’’ after ‘‘the Attorney General of the United States’’; (B) in subparagraph (N), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (C) in subparagraph (O), by striking the pe-riod and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(P) the number of times the agency in-voked a law enforcement exclusion under subsection (c); ‘‘(Q) the number of times the agency en-gaged in dispute resolution with the assist-ance of the Office of Government Informa-tion Services or the FOIA Public Liaison; ‘‘(R) the number of records that were made available in an electronic, publicly acces-sible format under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(S) the number of times the agency as-sessed a search or duplication fee under sub-section (a)(4)(A) and did not comply with a time limit under subsection (a)(6).’’; (2) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) E
LECTRONIC ACCESSIBILITY OF RE-
PORTS .—Each agency shall make each such report available in an electronic, publicly ac-cessible format. In addition, each agency shall make the raw statistical data used in its reports available in a timely manner in an electronic, publicly accessible format. Such data shall be— ‘‘(A) made available without charge, li-cense, or registration requirement; ‘‘(B) capable of being searched and aggre-gated; and ‘‘(C) permitted to be downloaded and downloaded in bulk.’’; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘Committee on Govern-ment Reform and Oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Governmental Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘April 1’’ and inserting ‘‘March 1’’; (4) in paragraph (5)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and the Director of the Office of Government Information Services’’ after ‘‘the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘by October 1, 1997’’; and (5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
TTORNEY GENERAL FOIA R EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General of the United States shall submit to Congress and the President an annual report on or be-fore March 1 of each calendar year which shall include for the prior calendar year— ‘‘(i) a listing of the number of cases arising under this section, including for each case, as applicable— ‘‘(I) each subsection under this section; ‘‘(II) each paragraph of each such sub-section; ‘‘(III) any exemption; ‘‘(IV) the disposition of such case; and ‘‘(V) the cost, fees, and penalties assessed under subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) of sub-section (a)(4); and ‘‘(ii) a description of the efforts under-taken by the Department of Justice to en-courage agency compliance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) ELECTRONIC AVAILABILITY .—The Attor-ney General of the United States— ‘‘(i) shall make each report described under subparagraph (A) available in an electronic, publicly accessible format; and ‘‘(ii) shall make the raw statistical data used in each report available in an elec-tronic, publicly accessible format, which shall be— ‘‘(I) made available without charge, li-cense, or registration requirement; ‘‘(II) capable of being searched and aggre-gated; and ‘‘(III) permitted to be downloaded, includ-ing downloaded in bulk.’’. (j) S
EARCH OR DUPLICATION FEES.—Section 552(a)(4)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking clause (viii) and insert-ing the following new clause: ‘‘(viii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), an agency shall not assess any search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, du-plication fees) under this subparagraph if the agency fails to comply with any time limit described in paragraph (6). ‘‘(II)(aa) If an agency has determined that unusual circumstances apply (as the term is defined in paragraph (6)(B)) and the agency provided a timely written notice to the re-quester in accordance with paragraph (6)(B), a failure described in subclause (I) is excused for an additional 10 days. If the agency fails to comply with the extended time limit, the agency may not assess any search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, duplica-tion fees). ‘‘(bb) If an agency has determined that un-usual circumstances apply and more than 3,000 pages are necessary to respond to the request, an agency may charge search fees (or in the case of a requester described under clause (ii)(II) of this subparagraph, duplica-tion fees) if the agency has provided a timely written notice to the requester in accordance with paragraph (6)(B) and the agency has dis-cussed with the requester via written mail, electronic mail, or telephone (or made not less than 3 good-faith attempts to do so) how the requester could effectively limit the scope of the request in accordance with para-graph (6)(B)(ii). ‘‘(cc) If a court has determined that excep-tional circumstances exist (as that term is defined in paragraph (6)(C)), a failure de-scribed in subclause (I) shall be excused for the length of time provided by the court order. ‘‘(ix) When assessing or estimating fees, agencies shall provide a detailed explanation of the fee calculation, including— ‘‘(I) the actual or estimated number, as ap-propriate, of— ‘‘(aa) records duplicated; ‘‘(bb) hours of searching; ‘‘(cc) files searched; ‘‘(dd) records searched; ‘‘(ee) custodians searched; ‘‘(ff) records reviewed; and ‘‘(gg) hours of review; ‘‘(II) citations to the fee schedule for each category of fee assessed; and ‘‘(III) in the case of an estimate, the basis for such estimate.’’. (k) GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE .— Subsection (i) of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE.—The Government Accountability Of-fice shall— ‘‘(1) conduct audits of administrative agen-cies on compliance with and implementation of the requirements of this section and issue reports detailing the results of such audits; ‘‘(2) catalog the number of exemptions under subsection (b)(3) and agency use of such exemptions; and ‘‘(3) review and prepare a report on the processing of requests by agencies for infor-mation pertaining to an entity that has re-ceived assistance under title I of the Emer-gency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5211 et seq.) during any period in which the Government owns or owned more than 50 percent of the stock of such entity.’’. (l) C
HIEF FOIA O FFICER RESPONSIBILITIES ; C
OUNCIL ; R EVIEW .—Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (j) and (k); and (2) by inserting after subsection (i), the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(j) C
HIEF FOIA O FFICER .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—Each agency shall des-ignate a Chief FOIA Officer who shall be a senior official of such agency (at the Assist-ant Secretary or equivalent level). ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Chief FOIA Officer of each agency shall, subject to the authority of the head of the agency— ‘‘(A) have agency-wide responsibility for efficient and appropriate compliance with this section; ‘‘(B) monitor implementation of this sec-tion throughout the agency and keep the head of the agency, the chief legal officer of the agency, and the Attorney General appro-priately informed of the agency’s perform-ance in implementing this section; ‘‘(C) recommend to the head of the agency such adjustments to agency practices, poli-cies, personnel, and funding as may be nec-essary to improve the implementation of this section; ‘‘(D) review and report to the Attorney General, through the head of the agency, at such times and in such formats as the Attor-ney General may direct, on the agency’s per-formance in implementing this section; ‘‘(E) facilitate public understanding of the purposes of the statutory exemptions of this section by including concise descriptions of the exemptions in both the agency’s hand-book issued under subsection (g), and the agency’s annual report on this section, and by providing an overview, where appropriate, of certain general categories of agency records to which those exemptions apply; ‘‘(F) serve as the primary agency liaison with the Office of Government Information Services and the Office of Information Pol-icy; and ‘‘(G) designate one or more FOIA Public Liaisons. ‘‘(3) C
OMPLIANCE REVIEW REQUIRED .—The Chief FOIA Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(A) review, not less than annually, all as-pects of the agency’s administration of this section to ensure compliance with the re-quirements of this section, including— ‘‘(i) agency regulations; ‘‘(ii) disclosure of records required under paragraphs (2), (8), and (9) of subsection (a); ‘‘(iii) assessment of fees and determination of eligibility for fee waivers; ‘‘(iv) the timely processing of requests for information under this section; ‘‘(v) the use of exemptions under sub-section (b); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.023 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH252 January 11, 2016 
‘‘(vi) dispute resolution services with the assistance of the Office of Government Infor-mation Services or the FOIA Public Liaison; and ‘‘(B) make recommendations as necessary to improve agency practices and compliance with this section. ‘‘(k) C
HIEF FOIA O FFICERS COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the executive branch the Chief FOIA Offi-cers Council (in this subsection, referred to as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERS .—The Council shall consist of the following members: ‘‘(A) The Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Informa-tion Policy at the Department of Justice. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Office of Govern-ment Information Services at the National Archives and Records Administration. ‘‘(D) The Chief FOIA Officer of each agen-cy. ‘‘(E) Any other officer or employee of the United States as designated by the Co- Chairs. ‘‘(3) C
O-CHAIRS .—The Director of the Office of Information Policy at the Department of Justice and the Director of the Office of Gov-ernment Information Services at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be the Co-Chairs of the Council. ‘‘(4) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Adminis-trator of General Services shall provide ad-ministrative and other support for the Coun-cil. ‘‘(5) C
ONSULTATION .—In performing its du-ties, the Council shall consult regularly with members of the public who make requests under this section. ‘‘(6) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Council in-clude the following: ‘‘(A) Develop recommendations for increas-ing compliance and efficiency under this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) Disseminate information about agen-cy experiences, ideas, best practices, and in-novative approaches related to this section. ‘‘(C) Identify, develop, and coordinate ini-tiatives to increase transparency and com-pliance with this section. ‘‘(D) Promote the development and use of common performance measures for agency compliance with this section. ‘‘(7) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) R
EGULAR MEETINGS .—The Council shall meet regularly and such meetings shall be open to the public unless the Council de-termines to close the meeting for reasons of national security or to discuss information exempt under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL MEETINGS .—Not less than once a year, the Council shall hold a meeting that shall be open to the public and permit interested persons to appear and present oral and written statements to the Council. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Not later than 10 business days before a meeting of the Council, notice of such meeting shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF COUNCIL  
RECORDS .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the records, reports, transcripts, min-utes, appendixes, working papers, drafts, studies, agenda, or other documents that were made available to or prepared for or by the Council shall be made publicly available. ‘‘(E) M
INUTES .—Detailed minutes of each meeting of the Council shall be kept and shall contain a record of the persons present, a complete and accurate description of mat-ters discussed and conclusions reached, and copies of all reports received, issued, or ap-proved by the Council.’’. (m) E
XCLUDED RECORDS .—Section 552(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) An agency shall notify the Depart-ment of Justice in each instance records re-sponsive to a request have been identified that the agency determines are not subject to the requirements of this section under paragraphs (1), (2), or (3) and shall provide the Department of Justice with a detailed justification for such determination for each such instance. The Department of Justice shall maintain records of each notification and justification received. An agency may treat records created under this paragraph as not subject to the requirements under this section.’’. (n) AGENCY PERFORMANCE ; ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(n) A
GENCY PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(1) P
ERFORMANCE REVIEWS .—Performance appraisals under chapter 43 of this title shall include consideration of the employee’s re-sponsibility for, and compliance with, this section as appropriate. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY -WIDE TRAINING .—Each agency shall ensure agency employees receive an-nual training on the responsibilities of the agency under this section, including the spe-cific responsibilities of each employee, such as responding promptly to requests for records and providing all records that may be responsive to the request. ‘‘(3) FOIA 
OFFICER TRAINING .—Each agency shall ensure agency employees directly re-sponsible for fulfilling the requirements under this section receive annual training on such requirements. The annual training shall include statutory requirements (such as time limits to respond to requests for records, limitations on exemptions, and opportunities for discretionary disclosure) and any changes to this section or any interpretation of this section (such as a regulation issued under this section). ‘‘(4) V
IOLATION OF FOIA .— ‘‘(A) I
NTENTIONAL .—An intentional viola-tion of any provision of this section, includ-ing any rule, regulation, or other imple-menting guideline, by an officer or employee of an agency, as determined by the appro-priate supervisor, shall be forwarded to the Inspector General of the agency for a verification of the violation, and upon verification, such officer or employee shall be subject to the suspension and removal provisions under subchapter II or V of chap-ter 75. ‘‘(B) U
NAUTHORIZED WITHHOLDING .—The withholding of information in contravention of the requirements of this section, including any rule, regulation, or other implementing guideline, as determined by the appropriate supervisor, shall be a basis for disciplinary action in accordance with subchapter I, II, or V of chapter 75, as the case may be.’’. (2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Office of Personnel Management shall ensure that any perform-ance appraisal system established pursuant to chapter 43 of title 5, United States Code, shall include the requirements of section 552(n)(1) of such title (as added by paragraph (1)). (o) R
EGULATIONS ; GAO S TUDY ; SYSTEM OF  R
ECORD NOTICE .— (1) R
EVISION OF REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall re-view the regulations of such agency and shall issue regulations on procedures for the disclosure of records under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, in accordance with the amendments made by this section. The regulations of each agency shall in-clude— (A) procedures for engaging in dispute res-olution; and (B) procedures for engaging with the Office of Government Information Services. (2) GAO NON-CUSTODIAN STUDY .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall— (A) conduct a study of not less than five agencies to assess the feasibility of imple-menting a policy requiring non-custodians to search for records to meet the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and requests for documents from Congress; and (B) submit a report on such assessment to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate detailing the results of such study. (3) O
FFICE OF GOVERNMENT INFORMATION  
SERVICES REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Office of Government Information Serv-ices shall submit to Congress a report on agency compliance with the requirements of this subsection. (4) A
GENCY SYSTEM OF RECORDS NOTICE RE -
QUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall publish in the Federal Register a system of records notice as de-fined in section 552a of title 5, United States Code, which allows the Office of Government Information Services access to records to the extent necessary to meet the requirements of this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. (5) R
EPORT ON NONCOMPLIANCE .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of an agency that does not meet the requirements of paragraph (1) shall submit to Congress a report on the rea-son for noncompliance. (6) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW FOR NON -
COMPLIANCE .—Any agency that fails to com-ply with the requirements of this subsection shall be reviewed by the Office of Inspector General of such agency for compliance with section 552 of title 5, United States Code. (7) A
GENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 552(f) of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
(a) P ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Inspector Gen-eral of each agency (as such term is defined in section 552(f) of this title 5, United States Code) shall— (1) periodically review compliance with the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code, including the timely processing of requests, assessment of fees and fee waiv-ers, and the use of exemptions under sub-section (b) of such section; and (2) make recommendations the Inspector General determines to be necessary to the head of the agency, including recommenda-tions for disciplinary action. (b) R
EQUIRED FREQUENCY FOR CERTAIN  A
GENCIES .—The Inspector General of each agency (as such term is defined in section 901 of title 31, United States Code) shall com-plete the review and make the recommenda-tions required under subsection (a) not less than once every two years. 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.023 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H253 January 11, 2016 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. I
SSA), the former chairman of the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee and one of the lead sponsors of this bill. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. It is no accident that this is one of the first bills of the new year. Like some of the other legislation, it is not a new idea. In many ways, what it real-ly is is this body, once again, if you will, reiterating when we talk about freedom of information for the Amer-ican people, whether it is a private cit-izen who doesn’t know what the gov-ernment knows about him or her and would like to or it is an interest group, a think tank, or very, very often the press—The New York Times, The Washington Post, the LA Times, and a host more—wanting to know what the government is doing, what their gov-ernment is doing with their money, their freedoms. This bill emphasizes in no uncertain terms something that is long overdue: that the balance between the American people’s right to know about their in-formation and the government’s right to keep a secret shall always be bal-anced in favor and presumed to be the American people’s right. In other words, no longer, after this bill is signed into law, will an administration, Republican or Democratic, be able to presume that they are going to say no if they possibly can. Instead, this bill shifts the burden to the presumption of yes. Not only does it shift the burden, but it puts an outright mandate that, after 25 years, information not covered by national security requirements or clas-sifications of secret or above, shall, in fact, simply be available. These are fundamentally important distinctions between the current law. But more to the point of a moderniza-tion, this legislation mandates a single point of asking for FOIA, an assump-tion that it is long overdue for us to streamline and improve the ability to get this information and get it to ev-eryone. One of the aspects of the legislation is that H.R. 653 will require that infor-mation asked for again and again and again be posted and available for ev-eryone rather than each time being a burden of somebody wanting similar or even identical information to have to put in a FOIA request. Mr. Speaker, what I want to close with is this isn’t just bipartisan; this is universal. Members of the House and the Senate, whether there is a Repub-lican or Democratic President, whether it is on behalf of a constituent wanting some simple information, we regularly use the Freedom of Information Act, and we regularly find ourselves frus-trated. This is good for the administration. It builds on legislation like the DATA Act and other reforms that the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee have done over a number of years. Lastly, I want to thank my good friend from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ). From the very day we began heading the committee, more than 5 years ago now, together, he has always been for FOIA reform, always been for more transparency, and always been sup-portive of the legislation you see here today. I want to thank Mr. C
UMMINGS , something that I don’t get enough chances to do. And I want to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for bringing this bill, not only as it was originally written, but with some important modifications to make it, hopefully, go through quickly when it is considered by the Senate. I urge its support. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 653, the FOIA Oversight and Im-plementation Act. I want to start by thanking Rep-resentative D
ARRELL ISSAfor working with me on this legislation. We first in-troduced the FOIA Act in March 2013. The bill before us today is the product of 3 years of work—hard work—feed-back, negotiation, and perseverance. I also want to thank the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , for his work on this bill and his strong support for bringing it to the House floor today. I would say that this is a bipartisan effort, but it is more than that. We ac-tually worked very, very hard to-gether, all of us, to make this happen. If there was any case where we had to use this term of not moving to common ground but moving to higher ground, it would be this legislation. Open government advocates—jour-nalists, editorial boards, and everyday citizens—who support this bill also de-serve a tremendous amount of grati-tude. The FOIA Act would strengthen the cornerstone of our open government laws and the Freedom of Information Act. This legislation builds on the his-toric work of the Obama administra-tion, which I believe will go down in history as the most transparent admin-istration to date. The bill would codify the presumption of openness standard that President Obama put in place in a memo issued on his first day in office. The bill would require agencies to identify specific identifiable harm to an interest protected by exemption un-less disclosure is prohibited by law. This provision would not require agen-cies to disclose classified information, it would not require agencies to dis-close anything they are prohibited from disclosing by law, and it would not remove any of FOIA’s existing time exemptions. It would, however, put the burden on agencies where it should be: to justify keeping government infor-mation secret. The bill would also put a 25-year sun-set exemption 5 of FOIA—the delibera-tive process exemption—and limit the scope of records that agencies could withhold under that exemption. It would modernize FOIA by requiring the Office of Management and Budget to create a central portal to allow FOIA requests to any agency through one Web site. The Office of Government Informa-tion Services, the FOIA ombudsman created by Congress in 2007, would be-come more independent, which is very important under this bill, because that office would be allowed to submit testi-mony and reports directly to Congress without going through political review. This bill is coming to the floor with an amendment that makes a number of changes, and many of them proposed by Chairman CHAFFETZ . Some of these additions include requiring agencies to provide each FOIA requester with a contact name and information for an agency employee who can provide in-formation on the status of the request. This is so very, very important. Our bill has widespread support. A coalition of 47 open government groups sent a letter in support of this bill on February 5, 2015, that said: ‘‘Congress must act this year to en-sure that FOIA stays current with peo-ple’s need to access government infor-mation and resilient in the face of at-tempts to subvert that access.’’ b1730 Numerous editorial boards have writ-ten, urging Congress to pass FOIA re-form legislation. A New York Times editorial from February 2015 reads: ‘‘This is a rare chance to log a significant bipartisan accomplishment in the public inter-est.’’ A USA Today editorial in March 2015 called for the enactment of this bill’s reforms. A Los Angeles Times editorial read that this legislation and a similar bill in the Senate ‘‘deserves to be passed.’’ This is a movement called Fix FOIA by 50. That movement is aimed at get-ting H.R. 653 enacted before the 50th anniversary of FOIA in July of this year. An online clearinghouse for the movement includes stories from jour-nalists about why FOIA is critical to their work and why this legislation must be enacted. It is important to note that, even with the enactment of this legislation, the work of Congress must continue. Agency FOIA staff are being asked to do more than ever before. From 2009 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.032 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH254 January 11, 2016 
2014, the overall number of FOIA re-quests submitted to Federal agencies increased by 28 percent with new records set in each of the past 4 years in a row. The total number of FOIA personnel, however, decreased by about 4 percent. Congress must give these agencies more resources. Again, I thank Congressman I
SSAfor all of his hard work. I know that he has been on this bill for a long time and has tried to make sure it gets passed. Again, I want to thank both staffs for working so hard. Since Chairman C
HAFFETZ became chairman, we have had two meetings, and I know our staffs have had numer-ous meetings and have hammered out the details to make a very good bill a better bill. I want to thank them. I urge my colleagues to vote for transparency and for the American people by voting ‘‘yes’’ on this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is a good, much-needed piece of legislation. It is hard to believe that FOIA, the Freedom of Information Act, was passed nearly 50 years ago. We are a little different in the United States. We are self-critical. We do look at things. We do examine things. We do it in the spirit of making this country better. We also have to remember who we work for. We work for the American people. The American people are pay-ing the tab. It is their government, and they have the right to know. Updating this piece of legislation is something that, in particular, Con-gressman I
SSAsought to do some time ago. He put the wheels in motion and started to draft a good and much-need-ed bill. Coming together with the ranking member, Mr. C
UMMINGS , has made this all possible. We have had some good, vibrant discussions. We had 2 days of hearings in our committee. We heard from citizens. We heard from the media. We heard from a host of people. I think it is fair to say that, in large part, the FOIA, the way it operates now, is broken. I do agree and concur with the ranking member that, if we are going to have such a bombardment of requests, they need to be properly funded and there needs to be the per-sonnel in order to make sure they can fulfill these requests. When appropriation season comes, I want to stand with Mr. C
UMMINGS and with others and make sure that it is properly funded so that those good peo-ple can do their good work. There were a number of reforms and improvements that needed to happen. I do appreciate the flexibility of working and of offering suggestions and then another set of suggestions. This would not have been possible, Mr. Speaker, without some good work in the Office of Legal Counsel. Sally Walker dealt with us time and time again. On our side of the aisle, we had it spearheaded with Katy Rother, and I know that Krista Boyd particularly, on Mr. CUMMINGS ’ staff, was vital to mak-ing this happen. There are vital pieces of information that are needed and that are rightfully requested by the American people, but this piece of legislation will make that FOIA process smoother. It will make it more effective, more efficient, and I think it is much needed as we go into the 50th year of FOIA. I look forward to its passage. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I close by highlighting a few addi-tional provisions of FOIA. This bill would require agencies to review existing records to identify cat-egories of records to proactively dis-close rather than waiting for FOIA re-quests. The bill would also require the De-partment of Justice to report to Con-gress on categories of records that would be appropriate for proactive dis-closure. Finally, the bill would tackle the proliferation of statutory FOIA exemp-tions by requiring the Government Ac-countability Office to catalog all of the statutory exemptions on the books. Again, I urge the support of this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the good, bipartisan work. It was through a lot of labor and a lot of listening to what the public needs and to what the media needs. I do think this will make the Freedom of Information Act better as it is the spir-it by which we operate in this country. I urge the bill’s passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, January 8, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform , Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : On January 7, 2016, your committee ordered H.R. 653, the ‘‘FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act of 2015,’’ reported. As you know, H.R. 653 con-tains several provisions that implicate the work of agencies within the jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. The bill addresses how elements of the Intelligence Community (IC), as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947, may protect sensitive information from disclosure under the Freedom of Infor-mation Act (FOIA). On the basis of your consultations with the Committee, I understand that H.R. 653 has been crafted to avoid compelling the disclo-sure of any properly classified information, or other information where disclosure would adversely affect intelligence sources and methods protected by an existing FOIA ex-emption. In particular, I understand that H.R. 653 does not allow or require FOIA re-questers to obtain IC records or information, without regard to the age of the records or information, if such disclosure would ad-versely affect intelligence sources and meth-ods. I further understand that H.R. 653 does not alter an Intelligence Community element’s discretion over the language it chooses to use in denying records or information sought pursuant to FOIA. Specifically, I understand that the requirement in Section 2(f)(3) for federal agencies to include ‘‘a list’’ of all de-nied records preserves an Intelligence Com-munity element’s discretion regarding the contents of the required ‘‘list.’’ To the ex-tent that elaboration of any list would ad-versely affect intelligence sources and meth-ods, an IC element may cite to the applicable FOIA exemption to meet the list require-ment. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming these understandings and would request that you include a copy of this letter in the Congressional Record during its floor consideration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, January 11, 2016. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your January 8, 2016, letter regarding H.R. 653, the FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act of 2015, as reported. H.R. 653 bill addresses how elements of the Intelligence Community (IC), as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947, may protect sensitive information from disclosure under the Free-dom of Information Act (FOIA). I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to the consideration of the bill. H.R. 653 has been crafted to strengthen FOIA by establishing a strong presumption in favor of disclosure, while also recognizing the need to avoid compelling the disclosure of any properly classified information, or other information where disclosure would adversely affect intelligence sources and methods protected by an existing FOIA ex-emption. The bill, as reported, does not re-quire agency FOIA staff to disclose IC records or information, without regard to the age of the records or information, if such disclosure would adversely affect intel-ligence sources and methods. Further, the bill does not alter an IC element’s discretion over the language it chooses to use in deny-ing records or information sought pursuant to FOIA. Specifically, the requirement in Section 2(f)(3) for federal agencies to include ‘‘a list’’ of all denied records preserves an In-telligence Community element’s discretion regarding the contents of the required ‘‘list.’’ A copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the will be inserted into the Con-gressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 653, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.034 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H255 January 11, 2016 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL INTERN PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3231) to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal government from work-place harassment and discrimination, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3231 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g)(1) All protections afforded to an employee under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of sub-section (b)(1) shall be afforded, in the same manner and to the same extent, to an intern and an applicant for internship. ‘‘(2) For purposes of the application of this subsection, a reference to an employee shall be considered a reference to an intern in— ‘‘(A) section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–16); ‘‘(B) sections 12 and 15 of the Age Discrimina-tion in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 631, 633a); and ‘‘(C) section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 791). ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘intern’ means an individual who performs uncompen-sated voluntary service in an agency to earn credit awarded by an educational institution or to learn a trade or occupation.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3111(c)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘section 2302(g) (relating to prohibited personnel practices),’’ before ‘‘chapter 81’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3231, the Federal Intern Protection Act of 2015, as introduced by the ranking member, Mr. C
UMMINGS . This is a bill brought to my attention by him. We took it through the process in our com-mittee and marked it up, and here we are on the floor. The bill establishes some important protections against the workplace dis-crimination and harassment of both unpaid Federal interns and applicants for Federal internships. Currently, there are no specific provisions in law to protect these unpaid interns. H.R. 3231 makes it illegal to discrimi-nate, to sexually harass, or to retaliate against unpaid Federal interns and ap-plicants for Federal internships. Specifically, the bill protects against discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or na-tional origin under the Civil Rights Act of 1967, under the Age Discrimina-tion in Employment Act of 1967, and under the handicapping condition under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Unpaid interns, similar to paid em-ployees, are to be considered protected against discrimination and harass-ment. I thank Mr. CUMMINGS for his passion on this issue to guard against this dis-crimination and harassment. I look forward to supporting this bill. I am glad we could bring it to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The bill before us, the Federal Intern Protection Act, would close a loophole in Federal employment law that cur-rently leaves unpaid interns open to discrimination and sexual harassment. Earlier this year our committee held a hearing at which we heard testimony about sexual harassment and retalia-tion in an EPA regional office. During that hearing, both Chairman C
HAFFETZ  and I expressed our disgust at the ex-ploitation of these young women and demanded that action be taken to pre-vent this in the future. Unfortunately, the act of harassing unpaid interns on the basis of race, re-ligion, age, or, in this case, sex is not prohibited by Federal law. Under cur-rent law, victims rely on the discretion of managers to prevent the recurrence of this behavior, something that does not always occur. As one witness testified: ‘‘Even after finding out about the numerous harass-ment victims, the direct reporting manager continued to feed the harasser a steady diet of young women.’’ As we saw at our hearing, allowing this kind of behavior to go unchecked can have serious consequences on the lives and careers of those who are in-terested in government service and on those who are simply trying to be all that God meant for them to be. There are many unpaid interns who are will-ing to commit to working for the Fed-eral Government. We should protect them from this kind of despicable be-havior. I want to take a moment to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for helping us to move this bill through the committee expeditiously and to bring it to the floor. As a matter of fact, in our com-mittee, we received a unanimous vote on it, and I am hoping that there will be a unanimous vote on the floor today. I thank him and I thank his staff and our staff for pulling all of this together to get us to this moment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3231, the Federal Intern Protection Act. This bill would amend title 5 of the U.S. Code to extend protections against discrimination and harassment to un-paid interns who work at Federal agen-cies. The bill would define an intern as someone who performs uncompensated voluntary service in an agency to earn credit awarded by an educational insti-tution or to learn a trade or occupa-tion. Internships are often the first real entry into a profession; yet, unpaid in-terns are not expressly protected from the discriminatory practices prohibited by the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Rehabilitation Act, and other laws and regulations. This bill would rem-edy this problem and extend those workplace protections to unpaid in-terns who may be vulnerable to egre-gious treatment. Madam Speaker, all too often, when unpaid interns have taken cases of workplace discrimination to the courts, the courts have ruled against them. In the Second Circuit, a unani-mous panel of judges concluded that unpaid interns are not employees cov-ered by existing laws. In the 1997 case of O’Connor v. Davis, an employee at a State hospital har-assed an unpaid intern, calling her Miss Sexual Harassment and subjecting her to sexually explicit comments. The court stated that it was not un-sympathetic to O’Connor’s situation and acknowledged that she was not in quite the same position to simply walk away from the alleged harassment, as her success at school was dependent on her successfully completing her intern-ship. The Second Circuit noted that Ms. O’Connor’s dependency on her em-ployer made her vulnerable to contin-ued harassment much as an employee dependent on a regular wage can be vulnerable to ongoing misconduct. Despite that, the Second Circuit con-cluded: ‘‘It is for Congress, if it should choose to do so, and not this court to provide a remedy under either title VII or title IX for plaintiffs in O’Connor’s position.’’ As ranking member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I urge Congress to do more to protect unpaid interns, be it in the Federal sector, in the Halls of Con-gress, or in the private sector. The House Committee on Education and the Workforce has jurisdiction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.035 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH256 January 11, 2016 
over legislation that strengthens work-er protections and defends the civil rights laws of workers, including fight-ing against discrimination and sup-porting diversity in the workplace. Now that the House is about to com-plete the consideration of H.R. 3231, covering Federal workers, I am calling on the leadership of the Committee on Education and the Workforce to move expeditiously to consider the com-panion legislation, H.R. 3232, the Un-paid Intern Protection Act. That bill would ensure that unpaid interns in the private sector are free from dis-crimination and harassment as prohib-ited by the Civil Rights Act. b1745 Extending workplace protections to nonpaid interns, who under current law lack the protections provided by civil rights laws, should be a priority for the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and that is because intern-ships have become such an important part of the workforce. According to the 2014 State of Intern-ships Report from a college intern database, InternMatch, about two- thirds of interns surveyed said intern-ships were important for long-term ca-reer advancement and about the same number even stated that internships should be mandatory. Student surveys showed that over 60 percent want to in-tern in the private sector, about 14 per-cent in the government sector, and 19 percent in nonprofit organizations. As Members of Congress, our position should be clear. Regardless of whether an internship is at a Federal agency, on Capitol Hill, or at a Fortune 500 company, we must ensure that the un-paid status of interns does not leave them without a remedy when their civil rights are violated. To that end, we should begin by passing H.R. 3231, the Federal Intern Protection Act. We should then start working on leg-islation to provide similar protections to unpaid interns who work in the pri-vate sector. I want to thank Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for his leadership on this bill, along with my fellow cosponsors, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and the Delegate from Wash-ington, D.C. (Ms. N
ORTON ). I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, there are some good young people who are getting their education. They are excited. They have their whole life in front of them. They get this amazing opportunity to do this internship. Maybe it is a month, maybe it is 3 months, maybe it is 6 months. It is just a limited portion of time. That is where they are going to get a base of knowledge and experience that they are going to be able then to parlay and take into the workforce. It is going to help shape and mold their futures. As Members, every one of us rely on interns. We have them in our offices in our districts and we have them in our offices in Washington, D.C. We see them in the private sector. We see them all over the place. They provide a valuable role. Unfortunately, there are some young people—and we have heard these sto-ries, and they are horrific—who go into this situation, and somebody in power, somebody who does get a paycheck, somebody who does control their time, does ask them to do tasks—does the unforgivable and asks them—or does something to them that they should never do. To hear this story that there isn’t a law on the books so the courts can help take care of it, that is just not an ex-cuse. We do a lot of things in this body, and I would like to think this is one of the really good things that we do here today, is pass a piece of legislation like this so we can protect these young peo-ple, because if somebody does break the law and does go forward and does do something unforgivable, they have some recourse. If we are going to take their time and we are going to use the resources of these young people, those people in charge should be held accountable. I think that is the good we are doing here today. So to those particularly young women—I am sure there are young men out there too, I just haven’t heard as many of their stories—to those young women, at least, I hope we are listen-ing and we are doing something good. That is why I encourage the passage of this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG), one of the cosponsors of this bill. Ms. MENG. Madam Speaker, I rise today to express strong support for H.R. 3231, the Federal Intern Protec-tion Act of 2015. Madam Speaker, internships are in-creasingly considered a resume neces-sity for entry-level positions in both the public and private sector. More and more, businesses, organizations, and government agencies consider intern-ships a prerequisite experience to full- time employment. In fact, on college campuses across this country, career service officers push their students to obtain competitive internships because they provide valuable professional ex-periences and are considered essential. What we often forget is that unpaid interns are amongst the most vulner-able of workers. They need these in-ternships to succeed in their careers. Yet, they are powerless to protect themselves from discrimination and sexual harassment. Facing these chal-lenges can be devastating to young in-terns at the beginning of their careers. One year ago, a brave and intelligent young woman, Christina, came to my district office to talk to me about her experiences as an unpaid intern. Chris-tina had faced sexual harassment. She had no legal recourse, but she refused to stay silent. She came to my office with a fellow college student, Anna. They told me about the experiences of many young college students who had faced sexual harassment as unpaid in-terns. I stand here on their behalf today because we can do something about this. State legislatures across this country have started to listen. New York, Or-egon, Illinois, California, Connecticut, New Jersey, Washington, D.C., and New York City have all passed some form of protection for unpaid interns. Unpaid internships in Federal agen-cies, in particular, are coveted and competitive positions. The Federal In-tern Protection Act of 2015 directly ad-dresses this vulnerability by extending existing Federal protections under the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to unpaid in-terns working for the Federal Govern-ment. We can provide vulnerable in-terns in the Federal Government with the protections they deserve. I would like to thank my colleague, Representative CUMMINGS , for his lead-ership on this issue. I also thank Rep-resentative S
COTT of Virginia and Ms. E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON and their staff for all of their hard work. Mr. CHAFFETZ. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume as I close. Madam Speaker, there have been sev-eral cases where interns have tried to bring suit and the courts have said that you have no remedy. Chairman C
HAFFETZ is absolutely right. It is sad when you can have such an egregious act but no remedy. I think one of the most frustrating things for anyone is when they have been harmed or when they have been treated wrongfully and there is no remedy, there is a problem. The courts have said over and over again: Congress, if you want there to be a remedy, then you have to act. That is exactly what we are doing today. I think it says a lot for us as a Congress, and I think it says a lot for us as a Nation. Going back to some of the words of Chairman C
HAFFETZ , when we look at unpaid interns, they do come to these offices trying to get experience and trying to learn the duties and the re-sponsibilities of a certain job. They re-alize that by doing this, it may very well change in a positive way the tra-jectory of their destiny. They come in with those high expectations, only to have them destroyed. Sometimes the damage can last not for a day or for a week, but for a lifetime. Then there is another piece that I think a lot of people don’t think about, and that is that it is not always the deed, but it is also the memory of hav-ing gone through these types of inci-dents. I think this is a very important piece of legislation. I would urge my col-leagues to vote for it. Again, I thank the chairman, because we sat there in a hearing and we heard about a very bad case. A lot of people wonder about the value of hearings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.037 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H257 January 11, 2016 
sometimes, but out of that hearing came this legislation. So, again, I thank the chairman for all of his hard work in helping us get the bill to the floor. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the kind words, and I appre-ciate the dedication and commitment of Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, and others who care deeply about this. I do as well. To be able to play a role to help shepherd it to this point is an honor and a privilege. I urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3231, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 55 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1644, SUPPORTING TRANS-PARENT REGULATORY AND EN-VIRONMENTAL ACTIONS IN MIN-ING ACT; PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF S.J. RES. 22, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS AND THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3662, IRAN TERROR FI-NANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 14, 2016, THROUGH JANUARY 22, 2016 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–395) on the resolution (H. Res. 583) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1644) to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the development of en-vironmental regulations, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3662) to enhance congressional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism fin-anciers, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from January 14, 2016, through January 22, 2016, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 598, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3231, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
TAXPAYERS RIGHT-TO-KNOW ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 598) to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 0, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 34] YEAS—413 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.039 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH258 January 11, 2016 
Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—20 
Becerra Calvert Capps Carney Clyburn Cramer Duncan (SC) Graves (LA) Honda Kennedy Kind McCaul Palazzo Richmond Rush Serrano Smith (WA) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Williams 
b1854 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL INTERN PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3231) to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harass-ment and discrimination, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 35] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—19 
Becerra Capps Carney Clyburn Cramer DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Graves (LA) Kennedy Kind McCaul Palazzo Richmond Rush Smith (WA) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
b1900 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal Government from workplace harassment and dis-crimination, and for other purposes.’’ A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EDEN PRAIRIE POLICE DEPARTMENT AWARDS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the hard work and dedi-cation of Eden Prairie Officer of the Year Patrick Kenyon and the Depart-ment’s Civilian Employee of the Year, Investigative Aide Pauline Sager. Pauline has been with the Eden Prai-rie County Police Department for 36 years and has proven herself as a tire-less advocate for the public. She is known as an expert on financial fraud crimes. She has advised law enforce-ment throughout Minnesota and helped bring criminals to justice. Patrick, a 9-year veteran of the De-partment, worked as a patrol officer and a juvenile investigator. Officer Kenyon is known as a role model to other officers, and he is always willing to help his colleagues in their duties. Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement of-ficers keep our communities safe due to the commitment of people like Pau-line Sager and Patrick Kenyon. I thank them both for their service to Eden Prairie, and I congratulate them on their recognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.024 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H259 January 11, 2016 
INTRUSION SOFTWARE AND THE WASSENAAR ARRANGEMENT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, secur-ing our networks from cyber attack is a challenging task. One of the most ef-fective techniques is penetration test-ing, or turning hacking tools on one’s own network to find weaknesses before bad actors have a chance to exploit them. Unfortunately, a rule proposed by the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Department of Commerce last May has the potential to make it much harder to share existing tools and de-velop new ones, which could severely harm our national security and our economic competitiveness. The rule was issued as part of the ad-dition of ‘‘intrusion software’’ to the Wassenaar Arrangement, one of the principal international export control regimes. Perhaps unsurprisingly, using a 20-year-old framework—itself the successor of a three-quarter-century- old cold war agreement—to regulate cutting-edge technology has proved dif-ficult. However, I am very thankful for the Bureau’s willingness to reexamine the initial proposal, and I am looking forward to tomorrow’s Homeland Secu-rity hearing as an important step in the process to produce a final rule that allows defenders to test their networks before they are attacked. This is a bi-partisan hearing tomorrow, and I look forward to tomorrow’s hearing. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARGARET DUNLEAVY (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to reflect on the career of an outstanding public servant in my district, Margaret Dunleavy. Mrs. Dunleavy retired on December 31, 2015, after serving as the Livingston County clerk for 19 years. In her capacity as clerk, Mrs. Dunleavy has been responsible for over-seeing elections in the county, as well as maintaining vital records and all the circuit court records. She was first elected in 1996, and the voters of Liv-ingston County chose her for their clerk in four additional elections. Her role as county clerk was not Mrs. Dunleavy’s first public service experi-ence. She previously served as Hart-land Township clerk and deputy clerk. Mrs. Dunleavy will be remembered as a hardworking, professional, ethical, and highly qualified clerk. I am thank-ful to have had the opportunity to work with her. I wish her all the best in her retirement. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rep-resent such a dedicated public servant in Michigan’s Eighth District. Thank you, Mrs. Dunleavy, for your commitment to Livingston County. RECOGNIZING WOMEN PILOTS (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the important con-tribution women pilots have made to the service of our military in World War II. These women deserve a proper military resting place. In 1942, Betty Grace Clements of Elmwood, Nebraska, entered into the Women Airforce Service Pilots. Betty was one of only 1,100 women who had earned her wings to fly noncombat mis-sions to support the war effort. Betty’s job during World War II was to provide courier services for then- Colonel Paul Tibbets and his crew. Colonel Tibbets and his crew were training to fly the Enola Gay and bring an end to the war. Betty was part of the history. She helped end the war, and she served Nebraska and her coun-try with honor. Betty passed away in 1965, but, under today’s law, her ashes could not be added to the Arlington National Ceme-tery. I think that is a shame. WASPs have fought for proper recognition for their service. I applaud Congresswoman MCSALLY for her bill to give these women the recognition they deserve. I thank Dr. Grace Clements, Con-gresswoman M
CSALLY , and all women pilots who have served. I ask my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month, which is intended to draw attention to a prob-lem which is sadly still a concern across this Nation and across the globe. According to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center, authori-ties have investigated more than 500 cases of suspected human trafficking just in Pennsylvania since 2000, includ-ing 75 cases reported in 2015 alone. Human trafficking has been called one of the fastest growing criminal in-dustries in the world. The statistics and recent reports indicate that these types of cases are on the rise across Pennsylvania, including those involv-ing victims who are still teenagers. I greatly appreciate the work of orga-nizations in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District and across the State in assisting those hurt in human trafficking. Last year, I supported the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama. This legislation is aimed at ad-dressing the rise in human trafficking and to improve services for survivors. I will continue to work in the House towards eliminating this disturbing be-havior. f 
HELLFIRE MISSILE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, last week we were made aware of an ex-tremely serious security breach that resulted in the Castro regime taking possession of a U.S. Hellfire missile. It is reprehensible to think that while the Obama administration con-ducted secret negotiations with a com-munist regime that had under its con-trol sensitive U.S. military hardware, the White House negotiators chose to do nothing about it. The State Depart-ment has known about Castro having Hellfire missiles since June of 2004. Ap-parently, what is the rush? Cuba continuously engages in mili-tary cooperation with our foes and could easily share the missile or its technology with the Russians, Chinese, or North Koreans to be used against our own national security. An exhaustive investigation must be held by Congress. I urge the adminis-tration to hold accountable those re-sponsible for diverting the Hellfire mis-sile to Cuba, and to hold accountable the criminal communist regime that still refuses to return this sensitive technology to us and continues to un-dermine our interests. 
f 
NORTH KOREA NEEDS DISABLING (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week the House will take up new sanc-tions on North Korea in response to their nuclear weapons test last week. This measure will prevent those facili-tating their nuclear weapons program from entering the United States. It sanctions financial institutions and seizes assets in order to halt North Ko-rea’s nuclear weapons program. The steps we are taking reflect the type of approach we should also be tak-ing with Iran. Rogue states, like Iran and North Korea, cannot be trusted to respect international agreements and must be coerced into giving up their nuclear weapons ambitions. Only when Iran and North Korea feel the financial impact of our sanctions will they change course. Iran and North Korea are also na-tions that both threaten key allies and friends of the United States. The sanc-tions we are contemplating are an im-portant reminder to the world that the United States will not look the other way when reckless and aggressive re-gimes pursue the most deadly weapons in the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.045 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH260 January 11, 2016 
b1915 ONLY OUTLAWS WILL HAVE GUNS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on the very evening the Presi-dent held a town hall calling for in-creased gun control, Philadelphia Po-lice Officer Jesse Hartnett was shot at 11 times. None of the President’s pro-posals would have prevented the at-tack. More gun control will not stop crimi-nals. The attack was carried out with a stolen police pistol. It will not stop the mentally ill. The shooter complained of hearing voices. More gun control will not stop terrorists. The attacker shouted his support for ISIS. To reduce shootings, we must enforce current laws, reform mental health laws, and defeat Islamic terrorists overseas. They should update the age- old bumper sticker from, ‘‘If guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns’’ to, ‘‘If guns are outlawed, only outlaws and terrorists will have guns.’’ The only positive outcome of the Philadelphia attack is to identify a new American hero, Jesse Hartnett, who demonstrated the extraordinary professionalism of America’s law en-forcement as recognized last Saturday during National Law Enforcement Ap-preciation Day. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Releasing terrorists from Guanta-namo will allow mass murderers to se-cure guns to kill American families. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S PROPOSALS ON GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a sense of concern, of sadness, and, also, of relief regarding the hei-nous shooting of the Philadelphia po-lice officer. I am grateful that he man-aged to survive, that he is in the hos-pital, and that he is healing. We wish him and his family well and that he, as well, will heal. I think it is important to note that we need to look at the rage of gun vio-lence from a sensible and logical per-spective. Yes, the President’s proposals would have had an impact on this crazed, allegedly ISIL-inspired indi-vidual who had no direct contact with ISIL, who had not been to the caliph-ate to fight, and who, unfortunately, had a previous criminal record. How would the proposals do so? First of all, it was a stolen gun. The President has suggested there be 200 more ATF officers to enforce the law. He has provided $500 million for mental health resources, and this individual suffered from that. In addition, he has provided for data collection, for the FBI to redo and to make more certain the inspection or the review of someone who is trying to get a gun. Mr. Speaker, let’s look logically at what the President has offered, and let’s not get in the way. Let’s try to help stem the tide of gun violence so that our officers, as well, are not in the line of fire. f 
WOMEN AIRFORCE SERVICE PILOTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARDY ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to talk about a very special group of women who were mentors to me and who were pioneering heroes of our country. These women were the Women Airforce Service Pilots, the WASPs. Some people don’t know that much about them, but here is a picture of them as they flew airplanes in the World War II era. When we needed ev-erybody to serve in whatever capacity one could in our country, they needed women to step up and become pilots in order to do all sorts of different mis-sions, like towing targets for the gun-ners on the ground to learn how to shoot things down, like training men to go on to fly in combat, like ferrying airplanes all over the theaters to de-liver them where they needed to be in the combat zone and bringing them back for maintenance. They were test pilots and engineers. You name it. These women were asked to step up and serve. They went through training. They put on the uniform. They lived in the barracks. They learned how to march. They were pioneers for women like me, who later on served as avi-ators in the military. There are just a little over 1,000 of these amazing women who served in World War II. They weren’t given Ac-tive-Duty status, although that was the intent of General Arnold when they set up this program. If you think back then, the thought of having women military pilots was a little bit of a cultural hang-up. We will let women be Rosie the Riveter, and we will let women serve in support posi-tions. But pilots? Now, that is kind of crazy talk. So they had a little bit of a problem culturally, but they didn’t care. They chose to serve anyway. They said, ‘‘I am going to step up and serve my coun-try. I am going to do that as a pilot. I am going to do this with honor and with valor,’’ just like their male coun-terparts did in these very same mis-sions before them, alongside them, and then after them. Thirty-eight of them died in training or in conducting missions. Thirty-eight of them paid the ultimate sacrifice. They weren’t even given veterans’ ben-efits or any benefits after perishing in the line of duty, but they still contin-ued to serve because their country needed them. It was not until 1977 that they were actually given veteran status after the fact. They were then given honorable discharges. They were given the medals that their male counterparts got for serving as Active Duty in the military. They were allowed to be buried, with honors, in veterans’ cemeteries across the country and were given full mili-tary honors, which they deserved. They were actually allowed, as they should be allowed, to be in Arlington National Cemetery, alongside other he-roes who have gone before them. Yet, we just found out within the last few weeks that that has been rescinded by the Department of Army. That happened quietly back in March of 2015 to these heroes, who deserve to be recognized and who deserve to be a legacy in Arlington National Cemetery so that future generations will know what they did and will know of the doors that they opened in the way that they served. It was rescinded by the Army. We didn’t know about this until Elaine Harmon, one of the WASPs, passed away. I saw her handwritten will when I me with her family last week. It reads, ‘‘I desire to be in Ar-lington National Cemetery. I want my ashes there.’’ Her family put in the request like ev-erybody else does, and they were de-nied. We now found out that the Army has rescinded that and that it is no longer allowing these pioneering women to be laid to rest in Arlington. Elaine Harmon’s ashes are sitting on a shelf in a closet in her grand-daughter’s home, awaiting her final resting place in Arlington, which she deserves. The Army gave us some bu-reaucratic answer about, oh, they are running out of space, and, by mistake, they opened it up. In 2002, they actually allowed women to be in Arlington. Only two women took advantage of this and asked to be, in their own right, in Arlington. Then the Army turned around and rescinded it. Again, they gave some bureaucratic answer. They are on the wrong side of this. We have looked into all of the legal-ities. The Army has all of the authori-ties that they need to allow these he-roes to be laid to rest in Arlington, but they are choosing not to do so. We have introduced legislation. We are going to make sure that it happens, but we are calling on them to actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.048 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H261 January 11, 2016 
change it tonight. Right now, the Sec-retary of the Army or the Secretary of Defense or the President could tonight say: Do you know what? Elaine Har-mon and the other WASPs—there are only a little over 100 who are still liv-ing—are going to be allowed to have their ashes in Arlington National Cem-etery alongside other heroes. This is the least they could do, and they could do it tonight. So I am leading the Special Order to-night. This is a bipartisan Special Order. This is bipartisan legislation, and it is bicameral. When we raised awareness of this issue and got the leg-islation together, we had nearly 80 sponsors right away on this bill who said: Let’s change this thing. Today the Senate introduced a simi-lar bill, and we are going to work to-gether to get this thing done. We want to continue to raise awareness to this issue, this egregious violation of these women. We want this thing changed now. It takes a little bit of time some-times around here to work through leg-islation. In the meantime, Elaine Harmon’s ashes are sitting on a shelf in a closet. That is not the way we treat our he-roes. That is not the way we treat our pioneers who paved the way for mili-tary aviators, like me, to be able to serve in the way we did, and it needs to be changed tonight. We have a number of individuals here on both sides of the aisle who are going to be sharing this time with me to-night. I first yield to my good friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS), who is the lead Democratic cosponsor of this bill. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Thank you so much. I am so glad that my colleague from Arizona is here to speak to this. She is very uniquely qualified to do that as one of the first women pilots—or the first—to actually fly in combat. As I remember, the women who joined us a few years ago here in the Capitol who were part of the WASPs were here to receive Gold Medals for their heroic acts during the war and for really coming forward and being part of that volunteer band of women who had had some experience in flying, but who could not have imagined in their wildest dreams doing what they were asked to do, but they were delighted to do it. As I will share, they actually wanted to do more, but there were some other people who took over and asked them to go home and enjoy their lives after they had given so much. So I am just delighted to join in this effort and to right this injustice for military trail-blazers who were truly ahead of their time. When the call came to serve in World War II, the WASPs answered that call just like millions of other Americans. They logged over 60 million miles in over 12,000 aircraft. As my colleague has said, 38 WASP women died while serving their country. In 2009, as I mentioned, the WASPs were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for flying military missions in World War II. Boy, even when they were here, they were just a strong group of women who delighted in see-ing one another and in reminding themselves of the amazing stories that they brought. More than anything else, they serve today as great role models to women who were considering going in the Air Force, of course, and in the Navy, fly-ing for our country, but, also, for tak-ing on some remarkable challenges in their lives. They really represent that for all of us. They fought, of course, and they died in service to their country. They trained in military style. They slept on metal cots like everybody else and marched and lived under military dis-cipline. That is why we feel they de-serve the full honors that we give our war heroes. As has been mentioned, they were given those honors, but because we have a problem of space, it was decided that perhaps they were not at the top of the list. We need to be sure that we provide for everyone who needs to be there. There are many WASPs who may not necessarily choose to be at Arlington National Cemetery, but for those who have chosen in working with their fam-ilies—and their families have fought hard for them—this is something that we need to do. I want to particularly mention—and I thought this was really fun to read— one of the articles about these WASPs. This is Eddy, who is saying, ‘‘I thought it was the nastiest thing that they’’—speaking of the Army Air Forces officials—‘‘could have done to us.’’ This was while she was receiving visitors at her home in Coronado. ‘‘They fired us. They gave our jobs to Air Force men who didn’t want to go overseas. I would have gone overseas in a minute,’’ she said. ‘‘I was a (heck of) a good fighter pilot.’’ In my community of San Diego, in El Cajon, I also have a woman named Joyce Secciani, who perhaps was not as forthright as Eddy. But despite some fading memories, at 87, she still shares Vivian’s passion for the WASPs and her disappointment with its demise. She was also one of the 1,102 women who flew in the all-vol-unteer program between 1942 and 1944. She remarked, ‘‘All of us felt bad to lose (our flying jobs)—all of us wanted to keep up our ability to fly,’’ because they knew that, with prevailing chau-vinistic attitudes, there would be no pi-lots’ work for them in the civilian realm. We need to be sure that we don’t lose our perspective about the work that these women did and that we honor them in this way, that we honor them and their families who supported them as well, because we know, with all of our military families, it is not just the person who serves, but it is the entire family who serves as well. That was certainly true of these WASPs, whose family members worried about them and were concerned about them as they carried on with their du-ties as forcibly as they did. Let’s send that message. Let’s con-tinue to work hard. I know that the WASPs are also planning a museum to honor them and to make sure that the country never forgets the work that they did because it was necessary. Had they not been there to do that work, many, many people would not have received the materials. Whatever it was, they were making sure that it got to our fighting warriors during World War II. b1930 I am so delighted that my colleague is choosing to move forward with this. I want to turn it back to her, and I know that there are other colleagues of mine over here that would like very much to join in this. Ms. MCSALLY. Thank you, Congress-woman D
AVIS. I really appreciate your partnership on this issue. Together we can show the American people that we can be united on these things that mat-ter to support our veterans and support our heroes and, again, put the pressure on the administration that we have oversight of to actually fix this wrong right now. I really look forward to con-tinuing working with you on it. I yield to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), who is joining this dis-cussion as a cosponsor on the bill, very strongly supporting this initiative. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman. I don’t think it much matters if you are a man or you are a woman, but you serve in the United States military. Anybody who has stood up for this country to protect our freedom, pro-tect our way of life, protect our kids, they should receive the full benefits, the full honors of anybody who served in uniform. Now, tonight, as Congresswoman M
CSALLY said, we can fix this. There is absolutely no reason whatsoever why the Pentagon should, for some reason, say there is no room at Arlington. Are you kidding me? Over 1,000 of these brave, patriotic women, during a time where, as Con-gresswoman M
CSALLY and Congress-woman D
AVIS mentioned, they were not always welcomed in doing what men were doing, they stood up, they stood up and they left their homes and they left their families. They did what was right. They served this country with honor, with dignity. They flew 78 different types of aircraft all over the world. Over 60 million miles were logged. Look at this picture. I salute you, Congresswoman, for bringing this before us. Now, do you think any of these WASPs were saying, ‘‘Well, I don’t know, we just can’t get this done, we just can’t perform this mission, I am sorry’’? Well, the Pentagon needs to step up right now. They need to find a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.049 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH262 January 11, 2016 
way to make sure, if these WASPs want to be interred at Arlington, they should be. Now, some of the missions that these brave women flew on included trans-porting these vehicles all around the world. You know what they also did? They towed targets for men on the ground that were practicing artillery. Did you hear one of these WASPs com-plain, ‘‘Gee, I hope that these men will hit the targets instead of us’’? The least the Pentagon can do is to take this seriously, listen to the will of the people, and make sure that these brave women are so honored by being interred, if they wish, at Arlington. Now, one of these humble American heroes is a woman by the name of Betty Anne Brown, who very recently passed away at age 92. Now, wouldn’t she be proud of all of us today standing up and asking that our country, that the Pentagon does the right thing? I salute Ms. M
CSALLY for her leader-ship on this issue. The Pentagon can do what is right today. As you mentioned, Congresswoman, legislation is not needed if our Commander in Chief or the folks who run the Pentagon stand up and do what is right. These women deserve every right to be buried at Arlington if they so wish. Thank you very much, and I am hon-ored to cosponsor this bill. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
OLIQUIN . I really appreciate his strong support and strong words in sup-port of this effort here. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), my good friend. I think back to how many years ago it was this week, actually, when I was your guest at the State of the Union Address. So I have appreciated your support to me when I was in the mili-tary and the fights that we had to make sure that women were treated fairly and, also, your strong support on this particular effort. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman M
CSALLY for yielding. I want to thank her for bring-ing our attention to this important issue this evening. I am proud to serve with her on the House Armed Services Committee. I know she is very proud to represent the people of Arizona in the Second Con-gressional District there. I might make note that Ms. M
CSALLY ’s roots are from my home State of Rhode Island. She and I grew up in the same neighborhood, and I am proud to have worked with her on sev-eral issues since she has arrived in Con-gress. I was proud, again, back then to have her as my guest to the State of the Union Message as she mentioned. Again, I thank you for raising this important issue. I find it completely disheartening that the Women Airforce Service Pilots have been denied inter-ment in one of our Nation’s most sa-cred national burial grounds where we honor our men and women who have served. These brave female aviators of World War II embody courage, resiliency, and patriotism. Again, I am proud to sup-port Congresswoman MCSALLY ’s efforts to reinstate their interment eligibility in Arlington National Cemetery. With-out these women, some of whom made the ultimate sacrifice for our country in one of its greatest times of need, our Nation would not stand where it does in the world today. We are indebted to them for their service. The very least that we can do, Mr. Speaker, is to honor them with the dig-nity and the respect that they have earned and so deserve. We have got to see this policy reversed. I know that we will. It is a bipartisan effort. I am proud to join with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in raising atten-tion to this issue and insisting that we ensure that these brave female aviators of World War II, again, who embody the courage and resiliency and patriotism that this country so admires and that we are grateful for, and that we see that they are properly given the honor that they deserve. Again, I want to thank Congress-woman M
CSALLY for shedding this light on this misguided injustice. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. L
ANGEVIN . Again, I appreciate your support on this bill and your friendship over the years. I look forward to working to-gether to getting this mission done and then additional things in the future. Thank you so much for your strong support for our heroes. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ). She has been a strong advocate, as others who have spoken today, for the WASPs and especially the push for the Congres-sional Gold Medal. I am just honored to have you as a cosponsor and a strong advocate on this bill. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I am so pleased, so honored, so humbled to be part of your Special Order. In the short time that you have been in Congress, you have been a real leader on so many important issues, and I think none as important as the one that you are spearheading today. I rise today to support you in your mission to give due recognition to the Women Airforce Service Pilots, other-wise known as WASPs, not the other WASPs that you know about. These are the real ladies that got the job done. They are a remarkable group of women who served our country proudly during World War II. As you heard from the other speak-ers, our country turned to female pi-lots to deliver planes to our military air bases overseas, tow targets for live antiaircraft artillery practice, and sim-ulate strafing missions. They became the first women in U.S. history to fly for our proud military. Out of more than 25,000 women who applied for the program, only 1,704 were accepted in noncombat roles. These courageous American women logged in more than 60 million miles between 1942 and 1944, but it wasn’t until 1977 that Congress passed legislation that gave these patriotic women their much-deserved veteran recognition. In 2002, Arlington National Cemetery decided to allow WASPs, among others listed as Active Duty designees, to re-ceive benefits consistent with the sta-tus that they had so rightfully earned. However, the Department of the Army recently rescinded this decision and made these brave women aviators of World War II ineligible for burial at Arlington National Cemetery. As the author of the legislation—and the gentlewoman and I have talked about this repeatedly—awarding WASPs the Congressional Gold Medal in the year of 2009, I am honored to stand with my friend and colleague, Congresswoman MARTHA MCSALLY , a true patriot in her own right, to ensure that the WASPs have the right to have these services alongside the rest of our war heroes. These patriotic women selflessly helped defend our country. They deserve full military honor. I am humbled and proud to represent south Florida, and I would like to in-form the gentlewoman that this has been home to some of these remarkable heroine women. I am going to mention some of their names: Frances Rohrer Sargent, Helen Wyatt Snapp, Ruth Schafer Fleisher, Shirley Kruse, and Bee Haydu. Some are with us, and some are no longer with us. Some are not in great shape because they served in World War II. It is happening throughout our Nation where we see our finest passing away. In this time of great challenges to women, those women that you have there before us, they pushed beyond the boundaries. They brought new op-portunities for women to come. My daughter-in-law, Lindsay, she flew combat missions in Iraq and Af-ghanistan for the Marines, but she would not have been able to do so with-out the women who came before her. Just as you are a pioneer—to the gen-tlewoman I say thank you for your pa-triotic duty—but you stand also on their shoulders. These pioneers fought for the values of freedom and democ-racy. It is our duty to ensure that they are not denied the recognition for their service. We shouldn’t be begging for this. With the valiant efforts of these Amer-ican heroines, the United States and our allies were able to successfully de-feat the Axis Powers during World War II. I thank you, Congresswoman M
CSALLY , for introducing this impor-tant legislation that would make the Women Airforce Service Pilots eligible, once again, for the services in Arling-ton National Cemetery with full mili-tary honors. I agree with you that we don’t need the legislation; that to-night, the Secretary of the Army could do the right thing, as he had done be-fore, sign the order making this hap-pen. We will continue the battle in their names. Thank you so much to the gen-tlewoman. Thank you for spearheading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.051 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H263 January 11, 2016 
this effort. Thank you for taking this on. You are a valuable member of this institution. Thank you for the time. Ms. M
CSALLY. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida. As soon as I mentioned it to I
LEANA , she was like: This is wrong. We have got to get in-volved. We have got to fix this. So I appreciate your strong advocacy before I got here, and your continued advocacy as a wingwoman in this cause. You know, for the WASPs in this story and this cause, it is not just the right thing to do for the country. For me, it is also personal. These women opened the door for me to be able to be a pilot in the Air Force and, when the doors were opened, to transition to be a fighter pilot in the Air Force. I will be honest with you, I didn’t hear about them when I was in high school. This is one reason why it is so important that we allow them to be laid to rest in Arlington, so that it is part of the education for future genera-tions. It wasn’t until I went off to the Air Force Academy that I actually learned about the WASPs and learned about what they did. I just didn’t even imag-ine that we would have women mili-tary pilots in the 1940s in World War II, but we did. I got to meet some of these amazing women when I first came to Tucson to fly the A–10 Warthog, started my train-ing. There were several of them that lived in southern Arizona, and I got to become friends with them, and they be-came mentors to me and encouragers to me. As the doors were opening up for us to transition into fighters, there was hardly anybody we could really look to who understood what it was like to be in challenging circumstances where you are the only woman. People have attitudes about whether you can or cannot or should or should not do what you are doing as an aviator. But these women understood that. They put up with the same biases and the same dis-crimination as they served. They flew in World War II. As I was looking around for someone to have as a role model, these women were incredible friends to me and sup-porters and wingwomen to me. Here is one picture I want to show you. This is Ruth Helm, one of the Tuc-son residents who, sadly, made her final flight over the last year. This is when she was inducted into the Ari-zona Aviation Hall of Fame. This is a picture of the two of us in civilian clothes as she was inducted there. b1945 These women paved the way for me, but they encouraged me. Even at my most challenging times, when I was feeling discouraged, I would sit down with them, and they would just fire me up to live to fight and fly another day. Despite the fact that they were told to leave the military after all they did, they still were proud. They didn’t have a chip on their shoulder. They were grateful for the opportunities that they had. They laughed off some of the chal-lenges that they went through. They just started encouraging me, ‘‘Come on, you can do it. We did it.’’ I just was able to kind of get back in there and continue to push forward because of what they did before me to open up the doors for me. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. M
CSALLY. I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Obviously we share a compassion and passion for these wonderful women. We also serve on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity together. First of all, let me thank you for your service and thank you so very much for bringing this very important issue, this bipartisan issue to the floor of the House and certainly to your col-leagues. I am looking forward to work-ing with you on this issue. I just want to say that one of my greatest joys in the United States Con-gress was the military war zones that I had the chance to go to, starting with the Bosnian war. I came in in that timeframe and traveled to that area, Kosovo and Albania, and then, of course, Iraq and Afghanistan and cer-tainly a number of other sites where issues of conflict were going on. There I saw a myriad of women who stood on the shoulders of these women, who are now in a variety of the branches, not just aviators or in the Air Force in particular, but they stood on the shoulders of these women. It gave me a sense of pride and duty to say to them, ‘‘Thank you.’’ Women are unique. Many of them are mothers or sisters and daughters who are in the service, or they take care of children, or they are nurturers for someone else. We have a particular role, but yet they are in the military leaving their families. Just coming in today, I read an arti-cle about the ranger who is from my constituency who just came out of ranger school and is from Houston. I simply want to say, this is the right thing to do. Every year—and I think you have joined us now as you have come to Con-gress—we go on Memorial Day week to Arlington and lay a wreath for women who died in the line of duty or in the service of their country. Does anyone realize the numbers of women? We have been doing this now for more than a decade, and the women of the House join us. They do that because this is a valuable part of America’s history. To the lady, the aviator that now, I wouldn’t say languished, but is with her granddaughter, her ashes are with her granddaughter, I want to make a public commitment joining you to say that her ashes should be in a place where she can rest in peace. We should move this quickly. If it requires an independent action by the Army, a re-consideration, I am sure none of us would be offended by the Army rescind-ing this particular—how should I say it?—action. I just wanted to come and thank you. I want to thank my colleague SUSAN  D
AVIS and all of my colleagues who have been on the floor. I did not want to miss this opportunity. Coming from Texas, I think, as I walk down the streets of Houston or travel throughout the State of Texas, I see veterans and Active Duty every-where. We are proud of that. In urban centers like Houston, you would think not, but they are dominant there. Just this past Christmas, we had what we call Toys for Kids and honored veterans’ families. This is an impor-tant mission, and I want to join you in this mission. We have gotten our as-signment. We really need to work. I think the American people need to know that all of us will join together to honor either our veterans, our fallen soldiers, or those who were the pio-neers who I know the story of, who stood when they were called and did not step away from duty, did not step away from the danger, did not step away from possible death as they pur-sued the cause of this country and to protect this country. I thank you for yielding to me. I am ready to roll up my sleeves. Let’s get busy. Let’s help find a resting place for this dear sister and servant of the Nation. Let’s find a resting place going forward for all of those who have served this wonderful and great coun-try. They deserve it. Ms. M
CSALLY. I thank the gentle-woman from Texas for joining the con-versation tonight, again, to continue to highlight this egregious action that was taken that is putting our heroes in a place, especially Elaine Harmon, right now, where she has nowhere to be able to rest in peace. The place that she wanted to be is denying her, even though her service and the criteria are very clear that she has earned that right. I really appreciate you joining this bipartisan mission. We are not going to rest until the mission is complete. I want to thank the gentlewoman for that. As I was mentioning, this isn’t just the right thing to do, but this is per-sonal for me. As I transitioned into fighters, these women, these pioneers who opened up the door for me to even have the opportunity to become a fighter pilot, they mentored me. They walked alongside me. They encouraged me. They gave me some perspectives from their own training and their own experiences. They made me laugh. They made me cry. They were friends who just paved the way for me. You think about the debates we have had in this body over the years. I mean, women couldn’t be pilots again in the military until, the late 1970s or early 1980s, they finally opened up the door for women to be pilots. But they could only serve in noncombat roles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.052 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH264 January 11, 2016 
When they had that debate, that didn’t have to be theoretical or hypo-thetical. They had the example of these amazing women who did what they did in World War II—again, over a thou-sand of them, under extraordinary cir-cumstances, flying by themselves, often just trying to figure it out in bad weather and how they were going to land and dealing with emergencies and clearances and just doing what it took in order to get the mission done, get the plane where it needed to be, train the men to go off and fly in combat, tow the targets, do the simulated straf-ing runs, all the test piloting, every-thing, to include risking their lives. Thirty-eight of them died. This is personal to me. These three women pictured in this photo—Dawn Seymour, Eleanor Gunderson, and Ruth Helm—they are sitting in this photo in the front row of the change of command ceremony that I had where I took over command of an A–10 fighter squadron, which was an historic day for our country that we finally had a woman doing that. It was an historic day for me to be able to take command of a squadron. I invited them and asked them to sit in the front row. I honored them in my change of command speech because I wanted to make sure that ev-erybody there knew that I only had the opportunities that I had in the mili-tary because they paved the way. These three women are personal friends of mine. Two of them have since had their final flight. Dawn Sey-mour is still with us, but the other two have passed away. We have to keep their legacy going. We have to make sure the next generations know how they served with honor at a time when the country needed them. We have to make sure that Elaine Harmon and any of the other WASPs who want to have their ashes in Arlington Cemetery are allowed to do that. Let’s be clear. The only reason these women were not considered Active Duty at the time was because of gender biases and discrimination against women. That is the only reason. Had they been a man doing those jobs, they would have been Active Duty in the Army Air Corps; they would have been discharged honorably; and under the current guidelines, they would have been eligible to have their ashes at Ar-lington. The only reason they were not Active Duty at the time was because of gender discrimination. Now this is 2016. It is time for that to stop. We thought it was over in 1977 when we finally retroactively gave them that veteran status. They were given those honorable discharges and the medals that they deserved from serving in World War II. We opened up the door for them to have military honors and to be laid to rest in veteran cemeteries around the country. Arlington Cemetery opened up the doors to them finally—a little late, but in 2002. Last March, without telling anybody, they quietly rescinded that. It was just the last slap of gender dis-crimination against these amazing pio-neers. It needs to be overturned imme-diately. This is the right thing to do for Elaine Harmon and for the other women who are still living. There are about 100 of them who are still with us; and for the next generations who need to know about their service, they de-serve to be laid to rest next to the other heroes who are there. The Secretary of the Army has all the authority he needs to let Elaine Harmon’s ashes be in Arlington. Let’s be clear. This does not take legislation. He has all the authority he needs to make that happen tonight. If he won’t do it, the Secretary of Defense can. If he won’t do it, then President Obama can. We should not wait another day, Mr. Secretary, Mr. President, before making the decision and calling on Elaine Harmon’s family and saying, ‘‘It is approved. Elaine can rest in peace in Arlington National Cemetery,’’ which is what she deserved and what she asked for. We should not be lingering another day. As we continue to call on the admin-istration to do the right thing, we are not going to sit by idly. We have got our legislation introduced. We have got almost 80 cosponsors in the House. We have got a Senate version of the bill that was introduced today, led by Sen-ator M
IKULSKI and Senator E RNST , also a bipartisan bill. We are going to con-tinue to push this forward to make this right for our heroes, these Women Airforce Service Pilots, these WASPs. It is the least that we could do for all they have done for us. The last thing I want to say before I close out is that this just seems to be a cruel irony and a cruel contradiction if you think about it. Just last month, the Pentagon announced that they are opening up, finally, all positions in the military to women. It has been a long road to get to that place. I have been a strong advocate for that happening for a very long time. We are a country that is about equal opportunity. We are a country that treats people as individuals. Our foun-dations are based on not treating peo-ple as a class. We should always, and in the military as well, pick the best man for the job, even if it is a woman. It has been a long haul to get over our biases as a country about what we think women as a whole group could or should do in service to our military. Gradually, positions have been opened. Gradually, women have continued to show that, when called, they will serve valiantly and with honor. They will fight and they will die, if needed, for our freedoms and our liberty. At the time that the Pentagon is opening up all positions to women in the military that they are qualified for, they are closing the doors to Ar-lington for the pioneers who made that happen. That is a cruel hypocrisy and contradiction, and it needs to be made right tonight. So again, I call on the Secretary of the Army, Secretary of Defense, and the President—perhaps he could an-nounce it in his speech tomorrow night—that one of the legacy things that we are going to do for our heroes, for our pioneers, for these amazing women, is to allow them to be laid to rest in Arlington National Cemetery. We owe it to them. They paved the way as trailblazers. We owe it to them to be able to rest alongside the other heroes and to be able to continue to educate the next generations about their leg-acy. All I will say to the WASPs is: I have got your back. You had mine, and I have got yours now. It is the right thing to do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
EGYPT TALKING POINTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recognized for the re-mainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to be recog-nized to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her presentation here tonight and the collection of people who came down to support her initiative and her agenda. I thank the men and women who have stepped up and put on the uniform and actually those, also, who have risked their lives who were not for-mally wearing the uniform to defend our country. I am one who, I think you know, Mr. Speaker, has great reverence for our constitutional values and the pillars of American exceptionalism, the underpinnings that make this a great nation. One of the things that we have been able to do as a great nation is be able to inspire others. If we look around the world, there are those who think that the only thing that could happen that is good to somebody is if we just bring them into America and give them access to our welfare benefits and maybe they will become good Americans and all will be right with the world, but I don’t know if they have done the geography very well, Mr. Speaker, and recognize that we can do a lot more good by helping people where they are so that they can help themselves. One of the most important things we can do is not send the wealth of Amer-ica over to give people money and food and housing. That goes on from time to time, and there is a good number of times it is very well justified. But the best thing we can do is inspire others to live and model after the freedom of the United States of America. Then they can help themselves, Mr. Speaker. I think of a time I sat down with sev-eral Ambassadors to the United States from Israel. We had a meeting over here in a room just off the House floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.054 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H265 January 11, 2016 
They were explaining to me that they had adopted Hebrew as their official language. They did that, I believe, in 1954. They formed their country in 1948. b2000 And I said: ‘‘Why did you establish an official language and why did you res-urrect essentially a dead language’’— Hebrew—‘‘that had not been used in common discourse or business or poli-tics’’—except for prayer—‘‘for 2,000 years?’’ And they said they saw the success of the United States with the common language that we have. English is our common language. They wanted a common language for Israelis. They wanted something that would be unique, something that would bond and bind them together, because they had seen the successful model here. They were inspired by the suc-cessful model of assimilation that came about because of a common lan-guage. So they adopted Hebrew as their official language in Israel. I was quite impressed, Mr. Speaker. I was quite impressed that America would inspire a country that had all the world history to draw from, yet they look at the model we have here to make such a definitive thing as to bring back a language that had not been utilized in common discussion for 2,000 years. I give you that example, Mr. Speak-er, because I come here tonight and I want to talk about Egypt and how it is that the United States of America in-spires people around the world in ways that we may not realize. I come to the floor tonight, Mr. Speaker, to commemorate and cele-brate and give notice to and congratu-late the Egyptian people. Yesterday they swore in and convened their par-liament. That is Egypt’s first par-liament in nearly 4 years. It is a great day for Egypt, and it is a great day for liberty worldwide. It is a great day for the United States to see that there are others around the world who are inspired by our system of a representative form of government. I extend my congratulations to Presi-dent Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and to the new speaker and drafter of Egypt’s Constitution, Ali Abdel-Al, but also to Mr. Moussa, whom I met with on at least two occasions as he chaired the committee to draft the Egyptian Con-stitution. The citizens of Egypt have achieved an important foreign policy milestone, Mr. Speaker. Yesterday was that day. I was curious that they would convene on a Sunday. Only under extreme cir-cumstances would we start our day here on a Sunday. However, Egypt is a Muslim country. It is about 95 percent Muslim—it has got a higher percentage of Christians than people might think—and they go to mosque on Friday. In fact, I learned that the Christians have their services on Friday as well. That way, Sunday is a workday. But, in any case, the short history and the most recent history of Egypt is really astonishing. I point out that it seems as though our administration has missed the importance of this. So, Mr. Speaker, I will just go through some of the history of Egypt as we commemorate and congratulate them for convening their Parliament now under a legitimized constitutional government of the sovereign nation- state of Egypt, a country that we need to expand and strengthen our relations with and a country that can be a cen-tral player in stabilizing the insta-bility all throughout the Middle East. It is important that Egypt be a sig-nificant component of that effort that is going forward not just in this admin-istration, but into the next administra-tion and for a long time. Back in 1981, President Mubarak took power. He held power for 30 years. In that 30-year period of time, some people thought that he was a strong man and that he dealt harshly with some of his opposition that was there. It may be true. I am not here to defend President Mubarak. When President Obama took office, it was clear that he had a different view of President Mubarak than I have ex-pressed here. He went to Cairo to give a speech in Egypt on June 4, 2009. And I remind the body, Mr. Speaker, that President Obama, then-Senator Obama and a candidate for President, in the spring of 2008 made a statement roughly similar to the fact he believed his middle name means something to the rest of the world. And when they recognize and see his middle name, they all know that he can communicate with them in a cer-tain way that someone who doesn’t have that middle name doesn’t have that particular tool. And so shortly after that—being elected President and then armed with that conviction—President Obama traveled to Cairo, Egypt, and gave his speech on June 4, 2009, at Al-Azhar Uni-versity in Cairo. Now, Al-Azhar University is essen-tially the global center for Islamic thought. They have Islamic scholars there that are respected worldwide within the world of Islam. So to send a message to the Muslim world, there wasn’t a place that was more effective than going to Al-Azhar University to give his June 4, 2009, speech. It happens to be a fact, Mr. Speaker, that the seating arrangement was ar-ranged, we have to presume, with the approval of President Obama. And who sat in the front row, Mr. Speaker? The leaders of the Muslim Brother-hood were seated in the front row when President Obama gave his speech at Al- Azhar University. That sent a powerful signal to the Egyptian people, a signal that the President of the United States supports the Muslim Brotherhood. Now, I don’t bring this up as specula-tion, Mr. Speaker. I bring it back to the floor of the Congress because I am speaking from hands-on, eye-to-eye ex-perience in talking with the Egyptian people and some of their leadership and some of their press. They say to us: ‘‘Why does President Obama support the Muslim Brother-hood?’’ That is a bit of a tough ques-tion and is a hard one to rebut when they are seated in the front row at Al- Azhar University. Well, this brought about a significant amount of unrest. It contributed to the unrest, is probably a more reasonable way to describe this, Mr. Speaker. As the unrest grew in Egypt, we also heard messages coming out of the State De-partment. For example, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a statement very similar to: Mubarak needs to be gone yesterday. And so the push from the Obama administration, the push from the State Department, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and others, began to put pressure on Mubarak. While this is going on, the Arab Spring erupted about January, Feb-ruary 2011. Of course, it was multiple countries throughout the Middle East that had unrest. And there was signifi-cant unrest in Egypt, as we know. Well, Mr. Speaker, the pressure built and the demonstrations that took place in Tahrir Square were intense. Some of them were violent. We saw on television the massive amounts of peo-ple that were on the square and weren’t going to leave. With the trouble that was there, fi-nally, on February 11, 2011, Mubarak stepped down. When he stepped down, that left a bit of a void that was still wrapped up in the chaos. During that chaos, there were pri-marily Muslim Brotherhood activities consisting of mobs that were attacking Christian churches, attacking the Evangelical churches that are there, and attacking the Coptic Christian churches that are there. In fact, the persecution went on in multiple cities around Egypt. There were multiple churches that were burned and razed to the ground. Some were just gutted by fire. Well, in June 2012, Mohamed Morsi came to power. He is the face and the voice—and may still be—of the Muslim Brotherhood. As Morsi came to power, they began to see how the Muslim Brotherhood would rule Egypt. The protests died down for a while, and then they ramped back up again, Mr. Speaker and got worse and worse and worse and more intense. And so the protests accelerated up to January 25, 2013. There were many pro-tests. Egypt was more or less very dif-ficult to govern and rule because of the protests against Morsi and because of the way that Morsi had mishandled government and the way that the Mus-lim Brotherhood, with their heavy hand, had worked against many of the Egyptian people. Morsi was the duly-elected President. And I believe the number was 4.6 mil-lion Egyptians that came to the polls 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.056 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH266 January 11, 2016 
out of 83 million Egyptians altogether. So it was a low percentage of turnout, but they saw him get elected. And then, as he essentially disempowered the legislature and disempowered the judicial branch of government, there was a democratic election for Morsi, an election one last time. The dictator had taken over, and the Egyptian people knew it. And they began to push back, Mr. Speaker. So the protests accelerated from Jan-uary 25, 2013, on throughout that spring. And then, as we watched, there was a funeral at the main Coptic church in Cairo. The Muslim Brother-hood mobs attacked the funeral and killed people. And so that is a brutal division within the society that took place. That was April 7, 2013. Throughout that summer, the Chris-tian groups were gathering together, Mr. Speaker, and during that period of time they would have regular prayer meetings to pray that God would bring relief to Egypt and turn the country back over to the Egyptian people and let them govern their country and have their country back, take it away from Morsi. As I sat and listened to Pastor Mau-rice, who leads a 4,000-member Evan-gelical church in Egypt, as they were gathering for prayers on the night of June 29, he said to the other pastors who had been regularly coming to-gether to pray: I am going to lead the prayer tonight. I am going to be in charge of the prayer tonight. So they agreed. They gathered to-gether and Pastor Maurice offered this prayer. He said: God, we have been praying daily for relief from Egypt. I am tired of waiting. I don’t want to wait any longer. I want this relief to-morrow.’’ It is the night of June 29, 2013. ‘‘God, bring us this relief tomor-row.’’ That was the eve of the relief that came. By June 30, the following day, the streets and every city began to fill in Egypt. Tahrir Square became full again. People poured into the streets of Egypt, and they poured into the streets on June 30, July 1, July 2, and July 3. The numbers of people in the streets in Egypt that came out to protest were estimated at 33 million people out of 83 million Egyptians. Now, think of that. If we had that same percentage come out in the streets of America, we would have 125 million people in the streets of America, Mr. Speaker. It was a massive turnout in Egypt. And something had to happen. They pleaded with General el-Sisi: Will you take over in this country? We can’t take this any longer. We have got to have some leadership. We have got to have somebody in charge of our coun-try, Egypt. General el-Sisi demurred. He said: No. I don’t want to do this. I don’t want to step in. Finally, by the 3rd of June, he relented and stepped in with the military to bring order in Tahrir Square. That turned out to be a move that stabilized Egypt. Shortly after that, they stabilized Egypt. They had more peace in the streets. There was still trouble. The Muslim Brotherhood was still attack-ing people. There were still arrests of some of those who had been violent take place in the square that had been attacking people. But they installed an interim President and put some stability into the government. This is early July of 2013. Myself and a couple of other Mem-bers went to Egypt over the Labor Day break in September 2013. We met with the interim President in one meeting, in a different meeting with the Pope of the Coptic Church, in a separate meet-ing then with General el-Sisi, and in a separate meeting with Mr. Moussa, who was the chairman of the com-mittee that was writing a Constitu-tion. I remember each of those meetings in a distinct way. The Coptic Pope said: We are praying for the people who are killing us. We are not going to be sucked into a civil war in Egypt. We are praying for them and are asking God to forgive them, which I thought was a very high level of faith that I don’t know that I could reach, Mr. Speaker. I was very impressed with the Coptic Pope. We met with Mr. Moussa, who de-scribed the Constitution they were drafting, but he said it is up to the Egyptian people. They have got to rat-ify it. And as we met with General el-Sisi, I recall asking him a series of questions: If this Constitution is ratified and a le-gitimized civilian government takes charge in Egypt, will the military take orders from a civilian President or a ci-vilian prime minister and a civilian parliament? He looked me in the eye and he said: Yes. The military will. So I didn’t know at the time—and I don’t think he knew at the time—that he would eventually become a can-didate for President and actually be the one issuing the orders to the mili-tary. But he has kept his word. As he promised to me and others promised to me, they would ratify a Constitution, they would elect a na-tional leader or President, and once the Constitution was ratified and the President was elected, they would then have elections and seat a parliament or a legislative body. Within their Constitution they wrote the language that said, of the roughly 100 churches that have been de-stroyed—mostly by the Muslim Broth-erhood—they would use Egyptian tax dollars to rebuild those churches. I am here tonight, Mr. Speaker, to say thank you to President el-Sisi of Egypt, thank you to Mr. Moussa and those others that worked on the Con-stitution, and to congratulate the Par-liament in Egypt that is now seated as of yesterday. Their country is put in place now so that the Egyptian people are finally in charge of their country again. b2015 And when I am asked why does our administration support the Muslim Brotherhood, I am going to continue to give the same answer: The American people support the Egyptian people. The Egyptian people don’t support the Muslim Brotherhood. They have proven that over and over again. The leader-ship that the Egyptians have elected has proven that they have given their word, they have kept their word, they have performed in the fashion that they said. And as I have gone back now a couple of times since then, most recently last spring, in about March or April, at some significant expense, I might add, I remember sitting down with Presi-dent el-Sisi, and he said a couple of things that I think that we should re-member, and I believe he wanted me to convey them here on this floor, Mr. Speaker; and that is that, he gave a speech January 1 of last year at Al- Azhar University, in the center of Mus-lim thought, and here is the message that he delivered. The message was this, he is asking a rhetorical question, and it was: Is it possible to accept the idea that the whole world must die so that Muslims can live? That is verbatim, Mr. Speak-er. It is a rhetorical question. It is the most powerful rhetorical question that I believe that I have heard. And, of course, he rejected that idea. He understands that Muslims and Christians and Buddhists and atheists and agnostics and all the religions need to live on this world together, and he is looking for that kind of peace and sta-bility, so that no religion is persecuted, no religion is being murdered while they are going to someone else’s fu-neral, or their wedding. And that hap-pened also in Egypt, Mr. Speaker. So I want to thank President el-Sisi for his commitment. And I would add, also, that he made another statement that I think we also need to think about, Mr. Speaker, and that is, he said they, speaking of the Muslim Brother-hood, they are trying to establish and impose divine law on all the world. When he looked at me he realized it didn’t quite register, and he said, sharia law. They want to impose sharia law on the entire world. And he put his head down, almost between his knees, as he sat there, and shook his head in rejection. I am convinced we can work with this man. He is a dedicated Muslim who is a peaceful leader, who under-stands this picture of the world the way it sets. When I look at the work that was done by Ataturk in Turkey, how he provided a bridge between the East and the West, and that has been drifting back a bit the other way under Erdogan, but I believe that President el-Sisi has the skill set, the convic-tions, and the foundation to, one day, with the right kind of support, the sup-port of the United States of America and the free world and the Middle East, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.058 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H267 January 11, 2016 
could become the Ataturk for the world to bring about that bridge be-tween the Muslim world and the Chris-tian world and the West. If we fail in that effort to do that outreach and tie these bonds together, these bonds that go back through his-tory, a long ways back, Mr. Speaker, if we fail, then I am afraid there will be a tremendous amount of bloodshed. If we succeed, I believe we can elimi-nate and forestall a significant amount of bloodshed and bridge over this divi-sion that is coming at us. And he de-serves and needs our help to defend himself from terrorists that are at-tacking from all directions, from Sinai and everywhere else. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate your indul-gence here tonight. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members be given 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add any ex-traneous material relevant to the sub-ject matter of this discussion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege for me to rise today and to co-anchor, along with my distinguished colleague from the great State of Ohio, Representative J
OYCE  B
EATTY , this CBC Special Order hour, this hour of power. Once again, we are privileged to take to the floor of the people’s House to discuss an issue that should be relevant to every Member of this institution on behalf of the 320 million-plus Ameri-cans that we represent in this great country, and that is the gun violence epidemic. America has 5 percent of the world’s population, but 50 percent of the world’s guns. It is estimated that there are more than 300 million guns in cir-culation throughout this country. So it seems to me reasonable that we would do everything possible to ensure that not a single one of those guns finds themselves in the hands of individuals who would do us harm. And that in many ways is what President Obama has done as it relates to his most re-cent executive action. So today members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus will come to the House floor to discuss those executive actions, discuss the issue of gun vio-lence, discuss the steps that we should be taking, here in this Chamber, in order to keep the people of America that we all collectively represent safe. It is now my honor and my privilege to yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), my classmate and my co-anchor for this CBC Special Order hour. I look forward to anchoring with her throughout the entire year. She has been a tremendous champion for working families, for the middle class, for small-business owners and, of course, for the young people who are ravaged in our communities all across this country by gun violence. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening proud to stand with my Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour co-anchor, Congressman J
EFFRIES , from the Eighth Congres-sional District of New York. Mr. J
EFFRIES , it is my honor to stand here today as we undertake an urgent dialogue on how we, as elected Rep-resentatives of the people, can work to-gether to end gun violence. I look forward to engaging with Con-gressman J
EFFRIES and our Congres-sional Black Caucus colleagues in scholarly debate on the issues plaguing African Americans, African American communities, and to develop solutions to the problems our constituents face. As the conscience of the Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus will remain on the forefront of issues that affect Black Americans in particular, and the Nation, in general. For to-night, our anchor, Congressman J
EFFRIES , has pointed out the CBC will continue to shed light on the epidemic of gun violence, standing our ground, ending gun violence in America. Mr. Speaker, last week we opened the Second Session of the 114th Congress. Four hundred thirty-five of us traveled back to Washington ready to serve our constituents and work for the better-ment of our Nation. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, what-ever spirit of bipartisanship may have been present at the end of 2015 as Re-publicans and Democrats worked to-gether on key pieces of legislation has disappeared at the precise time our Na-tion is calling on Congress to pass com-monsense legislation to keep guns out of the wrong hands. We find ourselves confronted with startling statistics that no Nation should endure. Let me just take a mo-ment to share just a few. We know that the impact of gun vio-lence affects every community and every congressional district. However, African American children and teens are 17 times more likely to die from gun homicide than White youth, ac-cording to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention. While African Americans make up 15 percent of youth in America, African Americans accounted for 45 percent of children and teen gun deaths in 2010. According to Everytown for Gun Safety, 88 Americans die every day from gun violence, Mr. Speaker. Roughly 50 percent of those killed are African American men, who comprise just 6 percent of the population. Homi-cide is the primary cause of death among African Americans ages 15–24. Mr. Speaker, these numbers should be unthinkable, unimaginable, but they are the unfortunate reality in which African American communities live. In the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, whose legacy we honor next Mon-day, he said: We find ourselves ‘‘con-fronted with the fierce urgency of now.’’ And Mr. Speaker, it is now that our Nation is in an urgent crisis, yet we are trapped in congressional inac-tion. Shameful. So our President decided he would not stand by idly while Congress did nothing to prevent another Newtown, another Charleston, other Tucson. With tears in his eyes, he reflected on the senseless killings caused by gun vi-olence over the course of his adminis-tration. President Obama announced new executive actions to confront the epidemic of gun violence in America. While mocked by some Republicans for showing emotion at the loss of so many lives, I am here to say I proudly stand with my President on the actions he has taken to prevent gun violence in America. These executive actions will save lives and make the country safer with-out infringing on law-abiding individ-uals’ rights to firearms. You will hear from our colleagues to-night talking about the President’s ac-tions. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues and to ad-dress gun violence. Mr. JEFFRIES. Thank you, Rep-resentative B
EATTY , for laying out the case in such an eloquent and compel-ling fashion, and pointing out that, with respect to gun safety and gun vio-lence prevention in America, it is long past time when we act with the fierce urgency of now. Tens of thousands of Americans have died as a result of gun violence since the moment you and I first set foot in this institution, and not a single thing has been done by the House of Rep-resentatives to prevent those deaths. That is shameful, as you have pointed out, and we need a change of course. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member, lead Democrat on the House Education and the Workforce Committee, once, of course, chaired by the legendary Adam Clayton Powell, and Representative S
COTT has continued in that tremen-dous visionary tradition. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New York and the gentlewoman from Ohio for organizing tonight’s Special Order to focus on the toll that gun vio-lence has taken on communities across America and, especially, the dispropor-tionate impact it has had within com-munities of color. Tonight’s conversation comes at an important time. On average, every day more than 30 people are killed by fire-arms, many in mass murders. Now, rather than do what they say is celebrate the problem, I want to talk about solutions. Last Tuesday, the President announced the executive ac-tions that his administration will take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.060 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH268 January 11, 2016 
to prevent gun violence. I commend the President for taking this action, in light of the current congressional lead-ership’s refusal to responsibly address this epidemic. These executive actions will ensure stronger enforcement of current laws and will reduce the number of lives lost to gun violence. To begin with, the President’s executive actions will nar-row the ‘‘gun show’’ and Internet loop-holes by actually enforcing licensing requirements for gun dealers and over-hauling the background check system to make it more effective and efficient. Under current law, only licensed gun dealers are required to perform crimi-nal background checks for all gun sales, and only those individuals deemed to be ‘‘engaged in the business’’ of dealing in guns are required to ob-tain a license from the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the ATF. The executive actions make it clear that the commonsense proposition that anyone making a profit from the sale of guns, or who regularly makes gun sales or earns a livelihood from gun sales, is, in fact, engaged in the busi-ness and therefore must obtain a li-cense and conduct required criminal background checks, even if those sales occur at gun shows or over the Inter-net. b2030 The question of whether someone is engaged in business will be determined by normal legal standards as opposed to people just declaring themselves to be exempt, which is going on now. Some of these people are even making a living selling firearms. They need to get a license. This is the present law, and the President has said that he will enforce it. The Federal Bureau of Investigation, as part of executive actions, will over-haul its National Instant Criminal Background Check System, the NICS system, to make it more effective and efficient by hiring more than 230 addi-tional examiners and other staff so that the Bureau can process back-ground checks 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and improve its notification of local authorities when prohibited per-sons unlawfully attempt to purchase a gun. These people are currently breaking the law when they illegally try to buy a firearm, and local law enforcement officials need to be informed. Accord-ing to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, this system has already caught more than 2 million people trying to buy guns illegally, and they need to be held accountable for breaking the law. Furthermore, dealers will also be re-quired to notify law enforcement if their guns are lost or stolen in transit. This transparency and accountability will ensure that law enforcement will be notified and can begin investiga-tions when these losses occur. Executive actions will also leverage the buying power of the Department of Defense, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to conduct or sponsor research into gun technology. When the Federal Government begins buying guns using that kind of technology, it will make it more likely that this technology will be used. There is technology that makes it impossible for anyone other than the true owner to use weapons, and the more purchases the Federal Government makes, the more likely it is that technology will actually be in-stalled in future weapons. The President has also directed the departments to review the availability of smart gun technology on a regular basis and to explore potential ways to further its use and to encourage re-search to more broadly improve gun safety. The President’s plan also proposes a new $500 million investment to in-crease access to mental health treat-ment to ensure that people who need help do not fall through the cracks of the mental health system. This is in addition to the huge increases in men-tal health funding under the Affordable Care Act. Mental health services are considered essential services, and so now virtually all health insurance poli-cies include mental health coverage. While modest and within the Presi-dent’s executive authority, these exec-utive actions will go a long way in keeping guns out of the hands of people who never should be able to purchase them in the first place. But that is ex-ecutive action. Congress needs to act so that more can be done to actually protect citizens from gun violence. The House Democratic Gun Violence Prevention Task Force has consist-ently reiterated that Washington has a moral obligation to do something to address our Nation’s gun violence epi-demic. The most effective way to ad-dress this epidemic is through com-prehensive, evidence-based policy pro-posals. Our task force has put forth several proposals that will go a long way in achieving these goals. These proposals include reinstating and strengthening the assault weapon ban, reducing the size of magazines, implementing uni-versal background checks, cracking down on illegal gun trafficking and straw purchases, improving our mental health system, and implementing com-prehensive, locally tailored, evidence- based violence prevention and inter-vention programs. The gentleman from California, Rep-resentative M
IKE THOMPSON , is the chair of the House Democratic Gun Vi-olence Prevention Task Force, and he has introduced a resolution to estab-lish a select committee of the House to study gun violence. That resolution is cosponsored by Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI and 11 cochairs of the task force. The proposed select com-mittee would be comprised of six Re-publicans and six Democrats who would study the research and issue a final report and recommendations, in-cluding legislative proposals, within 60 days of its establishment. It would study and make rec-ommendations to address many issues, including the causes of mass shootings, methods to improve the Federal fire-arms purchaser background check sys-tem, connections between access to firearms and dangerously mentally ill individuals, Federal penalties for traf-ficking and straw purchasing of fire-arms, loopholes that allow some do-mestic abusers continued access to firearms, linkages between firearms and suicide, gun violence’s effect on public health, the correlation between State gun violence prevention laws and the incidence of gun violence, the im-portance of having reliable, accurate information on gun violence and its toll on our Nation, the implementation of effective gun violence prevention laws in accordance with the Second Amendment to our Constitution, and the rates of gun violence in large met-ropolitan areas. Mr. Speaker, by taking a deliberate, research-based approach to gun vio-lence, treating it as we would a public health challenge, we can significantly reduce the ravages of gun violence. The President is limited by his exec-utive authority on what alone he can do to address this epidemic. Long-term reforms can only be achieved through congressional action. I hope that the leadership of the Congress will follow the President’s lead and act in a bipar-tisan basis to address this critical issue using public health strategies and evi-dence-based proposals. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman from New York and the gentle-lady from Ohio for coordinating this Special Order. Mr. JEFFRIES. Thank you, Rep-resentative SCOTT, for laying out the steps that are being taken by the President in such a compelling way in explaining why they are items that we should all support as well as some of the steps that need to be taken legisla-tively by this Congress in order to deal with the fact that more than 10,000 Americans a year die as a result of gun violence-related homicides. I yield to the distinguished gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE). She is an incredibly eloquent and pas-sionate voice for the voiceless. We ap-preciate her service here in the Con-gress not just on behalf of the district that she represents in northern Cali-fornia, but certainly on behalf of the people of the United States of America. I yield now to Congresswoman B
AR-
BARA LEE. Ms. LEE. First, let me thank the gentleman from New York for those very kind remarks. But also I want to thank you and Congresswoman B
EATTY  for organizing this very important Spe-cial Order and for your tremendous leadership, Congressman J
EFFRIES and Congresswoman B
EATTY , on ensuring public safety. Your leadership, both Congress-woman B
EATTY and Congressman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.061 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H269 January 11, 2016 
JEFFRIES , has been bold, it has been vi-sionary, not just as the result of the very recent tragedies but for many, many years even before both of you came to Congress. So it is an honor serving with both of you in this body. Thank you very much for the oppor-tunity to speak this evening. Also, I want to just thank Congress-woman R
OBIN KELLY , who is the vice chair on the Gun Violence Task Force. She also chairs the CBC’s Health Braintrust. I thank you for your tireless work to ensure that gun violence is treated as a public health problem, which it is. Madam Speaker, I rise this evening with my colleagues in the Congres-sional Black Caucus to call on Con-gress to do something—to do some-thing—about the epidemic of gun vio-lence that is harming our commu-nities. Since the start of the year—just 11 days ago—nine of my constituents have already become victims of gun vio-lence, including an elementary school teacher and an innocent mother push-ing her child in a stroller. Just this weekend alone my community suffered three gun homicides. My thoughts are with the victims’ family at this very terribly difficult time. We have to do something. Enough is enough. Congress can and must do more to stop this senseless violence. Whether it is Charleston, Oak Creek, Sandy Hook, the streets of Oakland or wherever, too many people have already lost their lives, too many families have buried loved ones, and too many lives have been changed forever because of cata-strophic injuries as a result of gun vio-lence. Madam Speaker, now is the time for action. Our constituents are demand-ing action. The country is demanding action. I have received hundreds of calls and emails from my constituents, and I know other Members are also hearing from their constituents. They are calling for action as well. Earlier today in my own District, Oakland City Council President Ly-nette Gibson McElehany buried her grandson, 17-year-old Torian Hughes, who was shot and killed during a rob-bery just days before Christmas. This has been a very difficult period for Council Member McElehany and her family. So in addition to our prayers not only for my council member’s fam-ily, but for all of those in our country who have been victims of gun violence, we must do something. We must do something in all of their memory. Let me be clear. Congress can no longer ignore the massive toll that this epidemic is having on our constituents, their families, and communities. Last week we joined with our colleagues and millions of Americans in applauding President Obama’s actions to reduce gun violence in our Nation. Thanks to the President’s leadership, there will be more background checks, better en-forcement of existing gun laws, im-proved mental health services, and new research on how to end this epidemic of gun violence. But more action is needed to stop the more than 30,000 gun deaths that occur in our Nation each and every year. Congress must pass commonsense gun reform, like closing the gun show loop-hole, bipartisan measures that are sup-ported by the vast majority of Ameri-cans and gun owners. Congress must also fund the expansion of mental health services. But this should not be an excuse, of course, to do nothing on gun safety. We have got to provide the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives the resources it needs to enforce our Nation’s gun laws. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have fought along with my colleagues to get these vital public safety resources in the appropriations bills which keep our communities safe. We must also end the extreme data re-strictions that restrict law enforce-ment’s ability to protect public safety and prevent policymakers from ad-dressing gun violence as a public health issue. That is why I introduced last year H.R. 1449, the Tiahrt Restrictions Re-peal Act, which would repeal the data restrictions on gun sales and back-ground checks. These data restrictions are commonly called the Tiahrt re-strictions. They prevent data on gun background checks from being released to the public. These provisions currently impede public safety by requiring the National Criminal Background Check System records to be destroyed—mind you, de-stroyed—within 24 hours, prohibiting the ATF from requiring licensed deal-ers to conduct annual inventory checks to detect lost or stolen firearms and re-stricting local and State law enforce-ment from using trace data to fully in-vestigate corrupt dealers and traf-fickers. This is outrageous. We have got to restrict and repeal these Tiahrt amend-ments right away. It will help tackle the bad apple gun dealers who provide dangerous weapons to criminals. It is estimated that just 5 percent of sellers supply the weapons used in nearly 90 percent of gun crimes. The Tiahrt re-strictions block access to vital data that lawmakers, law enforcement, and Federal agencies need to tackle gun vi-olence in our community. Of course, many of us are proud to support Congresswoman K
ELLY ’s bill, which would allow the Surgeon General to study gun violence as a public health issue and the Consumer Product Safety Commission to regulate fire-arms. Madam Speaker, the time for action is now. Let’s start listening to the American people and insist that Con-gress do something. It is really dis-ingenuous to criticize the President for issuing commonsense gun safety meas-ures when we have been trying for years in this body—for years—to get these sensible bills passed. The Speak-er should allow these and many other bills to come to the floor so that Con-gress can act. No more excuses. We should support Congressman THOMPSON ’s proposal to establish the select committee on gun violence. The Speaker should do this now. So we can’t continue to really allow the mis-information to get out about Congress. We need to do our job. We have been trying, many of us, the Congressional Black Caucus and others, especially Democrats, for many years to try to get the Speaker to bring these bills to the floor. So what did the President do? He had to do something. But no more excuses. Congress needs to act. So I thank Con-gresswoman B
EATTY and Congressman J
EFFRIES for this very important Spe-cial Order hour and for your tremen-dous leadership. Mr. JEFFRIES. Again, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Cali-fornia for her wonderful remarks, ob-servations, and, of course, her support for the President’s executive actions on gun safety, making it clear that the President was left with no choice but to act. Tens of thousands of Americans die each and every year either as it relates to homicide or suicide through a fire-arm, and nothing was happening here in the United States Congress. The classic definition of legislative insan-ity is to do the same exact thing, which in this instance is nothing, and expect that things were going to change for the safety and the well- being of the American people. That is why we are here on the floor today ex-pressing strong support for the Presi-dent’s executive actions and pushing this institution to do more and finish the job that the President of the United States of America started. b2045 It is now my honor and privilege to yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from Houston (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a forceful advocate and the lead Demo-crat on the relevant committee on the House Judiciary side of the equation as it relates to criminal justice, reform, and gun safety. She, of course, has been a tremendous champion for the people that she serves down in H-Town, as well as across the country. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank the gentleman from New York for yielding. As has been stated by my colleagues, I want to add my applause as well for the thoughtfulness of the gentleman’s leadership on a number of issues, but certainly on his pronounced leadership on criminal justice reform and on the Judiciary Committee; and then to be joined by former leader of the Ohio State Legislature—and she has not for-gotten her talents of leadership—and that is Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY  who joins us, if I might put words in both your mouths, with a sense of out-rage about where we are today. I say that because I would like to stand here 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.063 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH270 January 11, 2016 
with an enormous amount of outrage for where we are and why we are here. I want to add my appreciation to the Congressional Black Caucus, the chair-man, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and, of course, Congresswoman Dr. K
ELLY , who has been a great leader on the issues deal-ing with health care. I just want to cite to her, a lady that came to this Con-gress more than a decade ago, Deborah Prothrow-Stith. You may have read her writings. She pronounced during that time that gun violence was a health crisis. That was so many years ago. Unfortunately, with all of her ex-pert writings, we still couldn’t get movement. I am going to take a slightly dif-ferent perspective. If I could just take these few moments to give you an an-ecdotal story, which many of you might find absolutely with a great deal of shock, if you will. That is the limit to which gun rights advocates mislead the American people on any ideas for gun safety or gun regulation as taking guns away. I was in a meeting where someone was trying to understand why Presi-dent Obama in his excellent presen-tation about securing America and pro-tecting our children from gun violence was being associated with the idea of taking over 345 million guns. This is what is represented to be President Obama’s message. He will confiscate, through his process of gun testing or making sure that there are background checks for everyone, that he wants to confiscate 345 million guns, which has been determined to be located in 65 million places here in the United States. Can I, in a public forum on this au-gust floor of the House, say that we, as Members of Congress—and I think Re-publicans will admit this—have no evi-dence, no documentation, that the White House intends to confiscate guns—no manner of level of increased ATF officers could ever do that—why this mischaracterization is here. But listen to this. Gun rights advo-cates have made a lot of claims over the years that the Second Amendment they interpret means that they can buy any gun they want and take it pretty much anywhere. Well, basically, that does exist, except for the basic con-straint of background checks, which now the President has expanded to en-sure that if you are in a gun show—this is a gun show loophole—and you are sitting next to the stall of a licensed gun person and you are in the business of selling guns, why shouldn’t you be either licensed or require, basically, background checks? But listen to this. In an ongoing legal battle in Florida, they lay claim to a newfangled Second Amendment right: the right not to have anyone talk to gun owners about their guns. Specifi-cally, gun advocates don’t want doc-tors discussing guns or the potential harms that guns may cause with their patients. While mere talk about guns might seem to have nothing to do with the right to keep or bear arms, the advo-cates contend that the Constitution is on their side. Last month, for the third time in the same suit, a Federal court of appeals agreed. This is very bizarre. The case is filed under the name of Wollschlaeger v. Governor of the State of Florida, although First and Second Amendment buffs may recognize it under the cutesy nickname Docs v. Glocks. It started when some gun owners and the National Rifle Association told Florida legislators that their doctors were harassing them by asking about gun safety—by asking about gun safe-ty. The legislators responded by pass-ing a law that bars healthcare workers from discussing or recording anything about their patients’ gun ownership or safety practices that could be deemed in bad faith, irrelevant, or harassing. Twelve other States are thinking about it, and now we have the Privacy of Firearm Owners Act. This is in the face of a number of homicides in this country. Let me cite to my colleagues that America is the number one coun-try out of Western nations that has the highest number of cases of homicide by firearm per 100,000. The closest that comes to them is 0.7 by Italy. Then Taiwan, Canada, and Spain, 0.2; Ger-many, 0.2. All the news stories that we see on violent disruptions in various places and protests, their numbers of gun vio-lence, of homicides, is miniscule: Aus-tralia, 0.1; UK, 0.1; France, 0.1; South Korea, 0.03; and finally Japan, 0.01. If that doesn’t get our attention, I don’t know what does. Then look at this map; 353 mass shootings in America in 2015. My col-league can see, is this anything to be proud of? Mass shootings not by knives, not by throwing stones, but by guns. This is what America is to the world: a sea of red of mass shootings, so much so that you can’t even see background in some of the parts of this Nation. Yet there are laws that are being passed to stop health profes-sionals from asking whether you have guns that might, in fact, endanger your children or yourselves. On average, more than 100,000 people in the United States are shot in mur-ders, assaults, and other crimes. More than 32,000 people die from gun vio-lence, including 2,677 children under the age of 18. Gun deaths, justified versus criminal: studies also found that for every 1 justified homicide in the United States involving a gun, guns were used in 44 criminal homicides. In all of our communities, we see young Black men being felled by gun vio-lence, young people in our commu-nities being felled by gun violence, or innocent storekeepers being felled by gun violence, or in the instance of the Philadelphia police officer. All of us respect the dangers of law enforcement, recognizing that we can work together by building prepared and trained law enforcement officers to avoid the violence with guns. But in the instance of this individual, who point-blank shot at an officer with a gun, who has now been determined pos-sibly to have heard voices, though he said he was inspired by ISIS, again, someone wanted to suggest that it wasn’t anything that Obama could have done. It was a stolen police gun and it is out on the streets. Obviously, we don’t have enough people enforcing against the trafficking of stolen guns. Mass shootings. The U.S. has a far higher number of mass shootings than any others I have indicated. Mental health. Approximately one in four American adults have a mental illness. Every time we hear of these mass shootings, the defense comes, which they have a right, to talk about this person’s severe criminal mental illness condition. Guns in suicide is the leading cause of related deaths in America. More than 60 percent of deaths by guns in the country are the result of individ-uals using these weapons intending to commit suicide—not knives, not stones, not even poison or an overdose on drugs—guns. Guns and domestic vio-lence provide a deadly outcome. Law enforcement killed by guns: each year hundreds of law enforcement officers lose their lives in gun violence having been shot to death while pro-tecting their communities. Of course, we know that we have experienced tragic incidences under the authority of law where people have been killed, and the community is over the top in frustration. Background checks save lives. The tragedy at Mother Emanuel is the indi-vidual went to buy guns and the store owner said it is taking too long. I support President Obama’s very as-tute and thoughtful approach. Out of that, I am very glad to have introduced two initiatives. One, H.R. 4315, Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Pre-vention Act, which is a capture of President Obama’s, along with K
AREN  B
ASS. I urge my colleagues to sign on to H.R. 4315, which authorizes $500 mil-lion for health treatment access and to assist in the reporting of relevant dis-qualifying mental health information to the FBI background check system, NICS—not to violate the privacy, but to give more information to the data-base, because that certainly would be part of saving lives. As I conclude, H.R. 4316, that I am pleased to have Congresswoman K
ELLY  join me in this, the Gun Violence Re-duction Resources Act, authorizes the hiring of 200 additional ATF agents, the very point of which my Republican friends are saying, but yet they are condemning what the President has of-fered. I would say to my colleagues in clos-ing, if we don’t do this for any other reason, to take and codify the Presi-dent’s initiatives on NICS or data col-lection, on research regarding safer guns, on background checks or closing the gun show loophole, if we don’t do it, we should do it for the children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.065 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H271 January 11, 2016 
From December 2012 to December 2013, at least 100 children were killed in un-intentional shootings, almost two every week, 61 percent higher than Federal data reflect. About two-thirds of these unintended deaths, at 65 per-cent, took place in the home or vehicle that belonged to the victim’s family, most often with the guns that were le-gally owned but not secured. I remind you of that Supreme Court challenge or that law in Florida where doctors can’t secure information to protect the patients or the children of these families. More than two-thirds of these tragedies could be avoided if gun owners stored their guns responsibly and prevented children from accessing them. I have introduced legislation on gun storage—I call it safety and responsi-bility—but yet, unfortunately, it is perceived as attacking the Second Amendment. My good friend from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), let me thank you for yield-ing. Allow me to just leave us with the point that, as the Congressional Black Caucus stands on the floor, we need partners in doing the right thing. I hope before the President leaves office, he will have the opportunity to reason-ably and rationally sign bills that will save lives. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my col-leagues of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman H
AKEEM JEFFRIES (D–NY) and Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY (D–OH) who are anchoring this Special Order on Ending Gun Violence in America. Gun violence in America can no longer be swept under the rug, ignored or irrationally jus-tified. We are in a state of national crisis and it is time to act. Upon taking office, every Member of Con-gress makes a solemn pledge: to protect and defend the American people. This is the most important oath we take as elected officials—and, to honor this promise, we must do everything in our power to stem gun violence in our nation. Yet, after another mass shooting and count-less acts of gun violence in communities across our country every day, House Repub-licans are still unwilling to act to stop gun vio-lence and save lives in American commu-nities. The Democrats have been calling for an im-mediate vote on the bipartisan King-Thompson Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act to strengthen the life-saving background checks that keep guns out of the wrong hands. This Congress has a moral obligation to do our part to end the gun violence epidemic. Now is the time for Republicans to join Democrats in protecting the lives of Americans by taking common sense steps to save lives. The Administration has announced two new executive actions that will help strengthen the federal background check system and keep guns out of the wrong hands. I have introduced two bills that will hopefully enhance these executive actions and support the President’s recently announced action on gun violence. H.R. 4315—Mental Health Access and Gun Violence Prevention Act—authorizes $500 mil-lion for mental health treatment access and to assist in the reporting of relevant disqualifying mental health information to the FBI’s back-ground check system NICS. H.R. 4316—Gun Violence Reduction Re-sources Act—authorizes the hiring of 200 ad-ditional ATF agents and investigators for en-forcement of existing gun laws. The President included these specific requests in yesterday’s announcements and these bills respond to those requests. Additionally, the Department of justice (DOJ) is proposing a regulation to clarify who is pro-hibited from possessing a firearm under fed-eral law for reasons related to mental health. And the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is issuing a proposed regula-tion to address barriers preventing states from submitting limited information on those per-sons to the federal background check system. Ending gun violence in America requires a comprehensive approach—we must come to-gether and work towards this common goal. Too many Americans have been severely injured or lost their lives as a result of gun vio-lence. While the vast majority of Americans who experience a mental illness are not violent. However, in some cases when persons with a mental illness does not receive the treat-ment they need, the result can be tragedies such as homicide or suicide. We must continue to address mental health issues by: Supporting expanded coverage of mental health services and enhanced training and hir-ing of mental health professionals; and Continuing the national conversation on mental health to reduce stigma associated with having a mental illness and getting help; and We must also continue to do everything we can to making sure that anyone who may pose a danger to themselves or others does not have access to a gun. The federal background check system is one of the most effective ways of assuring that such individuals are not able to purchase a firearm from a licensed gun dealer. To date, background checks have prevented over two million guns from falling into the wrong hands. The Administration’s two new executive ac-tions will help ensure that better and more reli-able information makes its way into the back-ground check system. The Administration, however, has acknowl-edged the need for collective action and con-tinues to call upon Members of Congress to pass common-sense gun safety legislation and to expand funding to increase access to mental health services. I too call upon my colleagues to come to-gether and pass legislation that will help stop the loss of innocent lives. While we have made some progress in strengthening the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), which is used to run background checks on those who buy guns from federally licensed gun dealers to make sure they are not prohibited by law from owning a firearm, we must do more. I am a strong supporter of a right of privacy and I am particularly sensitive and protective of patient privacy rights. I support the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act that was passed by Congress in 1996, and includes privacy pro-tection for medical records, which includes mental healthcare information. However, there are specific areas under federal law that allow the disclosure of medical information to authorities, and in these in-stances there should be an agreement that when a person poses a threat to themselves or others (as determined by a court or adju-dicative authority with the medical and legal knowledge and authority to make a determina-tion that a person poses a threat to them-selves or to others) should not be allowed to purchase a fire arm. Technology that could be deployed to ac-cess court records and arrest records as they relate to mental health and violent behavior should not rely upon a list that may become out dated or could be used in ways that are not consistent with the intent of enhancing gun safety. The ability to access information that is ac-curate and available for the limited purpose of affirming or rejecting a request to purchase a firearm without indicating the source of the de-cision or the reason for the rejection would still protect privacy rights while also protecting the public. The president’s proposal on mental health and gun violence is to enforce the laws al-ready in place. Under a federal law enacted in 1968, an in-dividual is prohibited from buying or pos-sessing firearms for life if he/she has been ‘‘adjudicated as a mental defective’’ or ‘‘com-mitted to a mental institution.’’ A person is ‘‘adjudicated as a mental defec-tive’’ if a court—or other entity having legal au-thority to make adjudications—has made a de-termination that an individual, as a result of mental illness: 1) Is a danger to himself or to others; 2) Lacks the mental capacity to con-tract or manage his own affairs; 3) Is found in-sane by a court in a criminal case, or incom-petent to stand trial, or not guilty by reason of lack of mental responsibility pursuant to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. A person is ‘‘committed to a mental institu-tion’’ if that person has been involuntarily com-mitted to a mental institution by a court or other lawful authority. This expressly excludes voluntary commitment. It should be noted, however, that federal law currently allows states to establish procedures for mentally ill individuals to restore their right to possess and purchase firearms (many states have done so at the behest of the Na-tional Rifle Association, with questionable re-sults). It is undoubtedly true that people who are a danger to self and/or others because of men-tal illness should be prohibited from owning firearms. It is less clear, however, how to tailor new policies to better protect the American public while at the same time avoiding the stig-matization of Americans with mental illness. Any strategy to address the lethal intersec-tion between guns and mental illness should focus on the key facts: On average, more than 100,000 people in America are shot in murders, assaults, and other crimes. More than 32,000 people die from gun vio-lence annually, including 2,677 children under the age of eighteen years old. Suicide is the leading cause of gun related deaths in America. 60 percent of deaths by guns in America are the result of individuals using these weap-ons as a means to commit suicide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.066 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH272 January 11, 2016 
Some of these deaths might have been pre-vented if there were adequate background checks. Each year hundreds of law enforcement offi-cers lose their lives to gun violence been shot to death protecting their communities. Millions of guns are sold every year in ‘‘no questions asked’’ transactions and experts es-timate that 40 percent of guns now sold in America are done so without a background check. National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) was created in 1998 to require potential gun buyers to pass an instant screening at the point of purchase. Ensures that purchasers are not felons, do-mestic abusers, mentally ill, etc. NICS has blocked sales to more than 2 mil-lion prohibited people. NICS stops 170 felons and 53 domestic abusers from purchasing guns every day. The most serious issue facing NICS is the ‘‘private sale loophole’’. This allows anyone who is not a federally- licensed dealer to sell guns without a back-ground check. An estimated 40% of gun transfers—6.6 mil-lion transfers—are conducted without a back-ground check. Armslist.com is the largest online seller of firearms. 66,000 gun ads are posted by private sell-ers on a given day, 750,000 per year. Nearly 1/3rd of gun ads on Armslist.com are posted by high-volume unlicensed sellers (approx. 4,218 people). High-volume sellers posted 29% of the gun ads. High-volume sellers posted 36,069 gun ads over 2 months. This would equate to around 243,800 guns each year by unlicensed sellers. 50% were familiar with federal laws but de-cided they didn’t apply to them. 1/3rd of ‘‘want-to-buy’’ ads are posted by people with a criminal record. More than 4 times the rate at which prohib-ited gun buyers try to buy guns in stores. Approximately 25,000 guns are in illegal hands. 
[From Slate, Jan. 8, 2016] T
HEABSURD LOGIC BEHIND FLORIDA ’SDOCS 
VS. GLOCKS LAW 
THE SECOND AMENDMENT TRUMPS ALL OTHER  
AMENDMENTS  (By Dahlia Lithwick and Sonja West) Gun-rights advocates have made a lot of claims over the years about the broad scope of their constitutional rights. They say, in effect, that the Second Amendment means they can buy virtually any gun they want and take it pretty much anywhere. But in an ongoing legal battle in Florida, they lay claim to a newfangled Second Amendment right—the right not to have anyone talk to gun owners about their guns. Specifically, gun advocates don’t want doctors discussing guns, or the potential harms those guns may cause, with their patients. And while mere talk about guns might seem to have nothing to do with the right to keep or bear arms, the advocates contend that the Constitution is on their side. Last month, for the third time in the same suit, a federal court of appeals agreed. This very bizarre case is filed under the name of Wollschlaeger v. Governor of the State of Florida, although First and Second amendment buffs may recognize it under the cutesy nickname Docs vs. Glocks. It started when some gun owners (and the National Rifle Association) told Florida legislators that their doctors were harassing them by asking about gun safety. The legislators responded by passing a law that bars health care workers from dis-cussing or recording anything about their patients’ gun ownership or safety practices that could be deemed in bad faith, irrelevant, or harassing. (Twelve other states have con-sidered enacting similar legislation, but only Florida has actually passed such a law.) The result was the Firearms Owners’ Pri-vacy Act. The law provides that licensed health care practitioners and facilities: ‘‘may not intentionally enter’’ information concerning a patient’s ownership of firearms into the patient’s medical record that the practitioner knows is ‘‘not relevant to the patient’s medical care or safety, or the safe-ty of others,’’ and ‘‘shall respect a patient’s right to privacy and should refrain’’ from in-quiring as to whether a patient or their fam-ily owns firearms, unless the practitioner or facility believes in good faith that the ‘‘in-formation is relevant to the patient’s med-ical care or safety, or the safety of others.’’ Violations of the act could lead to discipli-nary action including fines and suspension, or revocation of a medical license. Pro-ponents of such laws say these doctor-pa-tient dialogues violate the patients’ Second Amendment rights. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-guished gentlewoman for the tremen-dous work you continue to do on the Judiciary Committee. I look forward to partnering with you. As you point out, the Second Amend-ment protects the right to bear arms. It should not protect the ability of oth-ers to utilize weapons, often of mass destruction, in doing harm to Ameri-cans without a license or any legal bases for doing so. All we want is ra-tional gun safety and gun violence pre-vention. I look forward to continuing to work with you in that regard. It is now my honor and privilege to yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ), one of my classmates. She has been a tremendous and forceful ad-vocate for gun violence prevention measures, not only as the chair of the CBC Health Braintrust, for which she has been tireless on so many different issues, but also in her capacity within the House Democratic Caucus, as well as a chair of the CBC Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, someone who stood up countless times for the chil-dren in Chicago and the many others who have been dealing with unaccept-able levels of gun violence. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank my good friends, the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) and the gentle-woman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for this important Special Order hour to-night. Congressman J
EFFRIES , you have chaired these Special Order hours for the Congressional Black Caucus in my first term, so it is good to see you back in the driver’s seat with our classmate, Representative B
EATTY . Last year, I had the privilege of lead-ing the Special Order hour with our colleague, the Honorable D
ONALD  P
AYNE of New Jersey. In the course of that year, we came to this floor to re-flect on gun violence on one too many occasions because it is an epidemic in communities across the country. In fact, we are 11 days into 2016, and there have already been 80 shootings in my hometown of Chicago. Four people were shot and killed in less than 24 hours. I applaud President Obama’s bold ex-ecutive action that has been talked about tonight. I believe these policies will keep guns out of the hands of criminals and dangerous individuals. If you listen to some, they will say they are trying to take our guns. There is nothing in the executive action that says that. The opposition is pushing fear, not fact. With over 30 Americans killed by guns every single day inaction is not an option. b2100 In my nearly 3 years in Congress, the majority party has refused to do any-thing on gun violence—not one hear-ing, not a single vote. To right what Congress has, unfortunately, made wrong, President Obama did what was necessary to address the threat to our long-term national security and eco-nomic stability. While we can’t stop every criminal from committing every crime, we can take actions that will save lives. While President Obama’s executive actions are crucial steps in reducing the senseless gun violence that is plaguing our Nation, they do not ab-solve Congress of its moral responsi-bility to act. There are gaps in existing gun laws that leave us all vulnerable to gun violence. These holes are ones that only Congress can plug. I have two commonsense bills that will complement President Obama’s ex-ecutive actions and that will help bring a reduction in firearm mortality. The first bill, H.R. 224, the Recog-nizing Gun Violence as a Public Health Emergency Act, would require the Sur-geon General to submit an annual re-port to Congress on the public health impact of gun violence. The bill cur-rently has 135 cosponsors, and I hope that this commonsense proposal can get an up-or-down vote this year. Also, I recently introduced H.R. 225, the Firearm Safety Act, which would close the loophole which prevents the Consumer Product Safety Commission from creating rules regarding the safe-ty of firearms. Quite simply, if the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission can regulate teddy bears, bicycle helmets, and car seats, it should be able to regulate fire-arms. Simply improving safety lock quality and improving storage safety will reduce accidents, misfires, and will prevent theft, saving thousands of lives. Senseless gun violence has been plaguing our Nation for far too long. It is simply unacceptable in the United States of America that gun violence is the leading cause of death for people under 24. It is time for us to come to-gether to end the gun violence that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.028 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H273 January 11, 2016 
taking a generation of young Ameri-cans. I often ask: Just how many and just who has to die before we take action? I urge my colleagues to attend a fu-neral to see and to feel the hurt and loss. Your standing for moments of si-lence and then your sitting in silence does nothing to deal with this issue. Let’s stop the hypocrisy and take ac-tion and save lives. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-guished gentlewoman, my good friend from Illinois, for the very powerful presentation and for her steadfast lead-ership. Madam Speaker, one of the reasons we believe that Members of Congress need to act is that State laws are so in-consistent from one jurisdiction to the other. In New York, we experience gun vio-lence in certain communities at un-precedented levels notwithstanding the fact that we have tremendously signifi-cant and robust gun violence preven-tion measures in place. But the overwhelming majority of guns used to commit crimes in the Brooklyn communities, represented by me and Y
VETTE CLARKE , actually come from the neighboring States of Penn-sylvania as well as up the I–95 corridor from States in the Deep South. Chicago, as R
OBIN KELLY has indi-cated, has been experiencing unprece-dented levels of gun violence. Illinois actually has pretty robust gun safety- gun violence prevention laws on the books, but the overwhelming majority of guns used to commit crimes in Chi-cago come from the neighboring States of Indiana and Wisconsin, which have lax laws. Out in south central Los Angeles, the situation has gotten better over the last decade or so. California has pretty strong gun safety-gun violence preven-tion laws. The overwhelming majority of guns used to commit crimes in south central Los Angeles and in east LA ac-tually come from the neighboring State of Arizona. That is why we need Congress to act in order to deal with what is a national problem. Madam Speaker, it is now my great honor and privilege to yield to my good friend and colleague, my sister from the neighboring congressional district of mine and who has been such a force-ful advocate on behalf of the commu-nities that she represents in Brooklyn, the distinguished gentlewoman from the Ninth Congressional District of New York, Congresswoman Y
VETTE  C
LARKE . Ms. CLARKE of New York. Let me first start by thanking my brother from the neighboring district in Brook-lyn, New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), along-side my sister from Ohio, Mrs. J
OYCE  B
EATTY , for their leadership in our Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour, discussing gun violence and gun safety measures. Let me also commend the Honorable R
OBIN KELLY of Illinois for her leader-ship in doing the work that she is doing not only with our Health Braintrust, but by being an outspoken and forceful advocate for the end to gun violence not only for her district in Chicago, Illinois, but for all commu-nities across this Nation. Madam Speaker, gun violence in the United States has reached epic propor-tions in the 21st century. The death, the trauma, the devastation that we are witnessing can no longer be toler-ated. Congress must act now. Over the past decade in America, more than 100,000 people have been killed as a result of gun violence and millions more have been maimed by the reckless and unlawful discharging of firearms. I applaud President Barack Obama for taking this historic executive ac-tion to address gun violence in our Na-tion. These actions will save lives and will make America a safer place. The President’s actions will strengthen life-saving background checks, improve mental health services, and expand smart gun technology. We have all that we need in the United States to observe the Second Amendment rights of Americans and, at the same time, to take our Nation into the 21st century with responsible gun ownership that leaves little room for the illegal gun activity that we see taking place in terms of gun traf-ficking, in terms of the use of deadly arms in the hands of those who are un-licensed to hold them. As it relates to background checks, the proposals focus on new background check requirements that will enhance the effectiveness of the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem, the NICS, and the greater edu-cation and enforcement efforts of exist-ing laws at the State level. Specifically, it directs the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives to require any business that en-gages in the sale of guns to obtain a Federal license to do so and to conduct background checks. It calls for the increased funding for the ATF in the hiring of 200 new ATF agents and investigators to help en-force existing gun laws, and it requires the ATF to issue a rule requiring back-ground checks for the purchasers who purchase certain dangerous firearms and other items through a trust, a cor-poration, or other legal entity. It en-courages greater communication be-tween Federal and State authorities on criminal history information. What could be wrong with that? That is within the boundary of our laws, within our constitutional rights, and it makes our Nation safer. I come to this floor today as one who considers herself to be a victim of gun violence. We need to confront this right away because, for many in our communities, it is not only those who have been physically harmed by gun vi-olence, but those who have been trau-matized by being a witness to gun vio-lence. I had the unfortunate privilege, if you will, of being in the Council Cham-bers of the New York City’s City Coun-cil when my colleague, the Honorable James E. Davis, was gunned down be-fore all of his colleagues—workplace domestic terrorism. That incident has been with me from that day forward. To this day, at a mo-ment’s notice, I can recall the trauma of that day, what it meant to see my colleague’s life taken from him and to hear the gunplay that took place in the New York City Council’s chambers. I am not alone. There are millions of Americans who are witnesses to gun vi-olence or who may have been maimed by gun violence and who did not nec-essarily die as a result of it, but whose lives have been changed dramatically. We should not have another genera-tion of Americans who can speak to the unspeakable horror of what it is to ei-ther be impacted directly in the loss of a loved one or to be the families who have to recount the times when they have had to be at the hospital with someone who is trying to recover from being gunned down. It is our obligation, our responsi-bility, as lawmakers for this Nation to get this right for future generations. So I applaud President Obama for doing what he could do within the pa-rameters of his authority. It is now time for the United States House to do its job. Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank my good friend and colleague for a very power-ful presentation and for pointing out the sensibility of supporting all of the President’s efforts, but particularly as they relate to the ATF, which is the Federal agency charged with enforcing our Nation’s gun laws. Two hundred additional agents is the bare minimum that we can hire to make sure that the ATF has the man-power and resources necessary to pre-vent the illegal trafficking of guns into places like the Brownsville and East Flatbush neighborhoods that Congress-woman YVETTE CLARKE so passionately represents. If you block funding for the ATF, what you essentially are doing is sup-porting the efforts of the merchants of death who rely on underenforcement by the ATF, because of an absence of resources, in order to flood commu-nities like Chicago; south central Los Angeles; parts of Brooklyn; Newark, New Jersey; and many other neighbor-hoods with illegal weapons. Madam Speaker, I yield to my good friend and colleague, Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE . I thank him as well as R. K
ELLY . D. P AYNE and R. K ELLY made a fantastic combination. We thank them for their distinguished service last year in leading the CBC Special Order hour. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. Let me thank the gen-tleman from New York, who passed the baton to R. K
ELLY and me in 2015. We have rounded the corner and have put it back in his capable hands, along with our classmate’s, the honorable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.068 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH274 January 11, 2016 
gentlewoman from the great State of Ohio, J
OYCE BEATTY , who is dem-onstrating day in and day out why she was such a great leader in the Ohio leg-islature. She has brought those talents to bear on the entire Nation. Madam Speaker, these are very seri-ous times. I want to start out by com-mending the President of the United States, President Obama, in the face of insurmountable odds, for not being hampered in wanting to do something with this terrible, terrible scourge that we suffer from in this Nation. Gun violence impacts many different communities in this Nation, some more than others, but it impacts us all. I was proud to see the President step forward and not be hampered in doing some-thing. If the obstructionists on the other side of the aisle want to continue in that manner, then let them be, but he was going to do something. I also commend my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus for uniting with the President in this great effort. We understand in our communities what this means. We are trying to ar-ticulate it to the American people, but we understand it. We live it. We feel it. We see it. b2115 The President’s executive actions on gun control are a step in the right di-rection, but it is the responsibility of Congress to pass gun reform that makes our communities safer. I have joined, along with R
OBIN K
ELLY , who mentioned two pieces of her legislation in terms of gun con-trol—after Sandy Hook several years ago, I proposed a piece of legislation that did not really see the light of day. Since the President has not given up on this effort, I will not either. I have a piece of legislation, which is called the Safer Neighborhoods Gun Buyback Act. It would keep guns out of the hands of the wrong people by cre-ating a voluntary Federal gun buyback program. Under my bill, State and local governments, as well as gun deal-ers, would distribute smart, prepaid debit cards to gun owners in exchange for their firearms. My bill incentivizes gun owners to voluntarily get guns off the streets. This will make our communities safer for our children, family, and our busi-nesses. Commonsense proposals like my bill are critical to ending our Na-tion’s epidemic of gun violence. This epidemic impacts every community in America, including in my district. Last year in the city of Newark shootings increased 19 percent from 2014 and homicides rose by 8 percent. In 2015, there were at least 76 gun deaths in my district. One-third of all of the gun deaths in New Jersey last year happened in my district. Gun violence has had a dispropor-tionate impact within the African American community and other urban areas. That is clear when you look at what is happening in my district and throughout other African American communities in New Jersey. We need a Federal approach to gun violence because it is a problem across State lines. Case in point, New Jersey is a net importer of crime guns. In other words, more illegal weapons con-fiscated by law enforcement came from out of the State than there were pur-chased from in the State. Reducing gun violence is vital to the safety and security of American com-munities. My colleagues on the Repub-lican side of the aisle should drop the politics and pandering. They should in-stead join with Democrats in sup-porting the President and his common-sense reforms and, like my gun buyback program, to address gun trag-edies in all communities. Let me just say, Madam Speaker, no one wants to take guns away from any-one. We understand the laws and lib-erties that have made this Nation great. If we don’t do something in ref-erence to gun control, then it is shame on us. Mr. JEFFRIES. I yield to the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ), a dynamic new Member of the House. Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of our President’s actions toward making our commu-nities safer by ensuring guns are less likely to end up in the hands of people that shouldn’t have them. I want to thank my colleagues, Con-gressman J
EFFRIES and Congress-woman B
EATTY , for bringing this hour here in Congress. I am thankful for the Congressional Black Caucus’ Special Order hour for taking time to educate the American people of the importance of our President’s action. While this Congress and, in par-ticular, our Republican colleagues have hemmed and dithered and engaged in political inertia and, at the end, failed to act in this matter, suspected terror-ists are free to legally purchase com-bat-style weapons. American cities and other areas of this country are besieged by gun crime and thousands of lives are cut short. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, guns cause twice as many deaths in young people as cancer, 5 times as many as heart disease, and 15 times as many as infections. Yet, we afford no funding for research and em-pirical data collection, while at the same time we spend hundreds of mil-lions researching and mitigating the effects of those other maladies. Every day this Congress fails to act more American families mourn, more American lives are cut short, many in their prime, and more American cities continue to mount homicide and shoot-ing statistics. Even in America’s paradise, my home district of the United States Virgin Is-lands, this is so. In 2015, there were 40 homicides in the U.S. Virgin Islands. On a per capita basis, that homicide rate is more than double that of the city of Chicago. Gun violence in cities like Chicago, Los Angeles, and in other places, along with the United States Virgin Islands, sadly are a near daily occurrence. While we pause for moments of silence after mass shootings like the ones in Newtown or San Bernardino, the thou-sands of victims of mass shootings that play out daily in cities like New York City and the U.S. Virgin Islands go largely unnoticed and unrecognized. While the President’s actions will un-doubtedly save lives, we know that communities like our own and the many other minority communities across this country, there needs to be more comprehensive action to address the underlying issues that are at the root of gun violence. I want to ask that this Congress act on these things. This Congress has in its power the ability to save thousands of lives. Let us not allow the nearly daily occurrence of mass shootings to become the new norm. We must act to pass comprehensive gun legislation in this Congress this year. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the President’s action toward making our com-munities safer by ensuring guns are less likely to end up in the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. While this Congress fails to act on this mat-ter, suspected terrorists are free to legally pur-chase combat-style weapons, American cities are besieged by gun crime and thousands of lives are cut short. According to the American Academy of Pe-diatrics, guns cause twice as many deaths in young people as cancer, five times as many as heart disease and 15 times as many as in-fections. Yet we afford no funding for research and empirical data collection, while at the same time we spend hundreds-of-millions research-ing and mitigating the affects of those mala-dies. Every day this Congress fails to act, more American families mourn: more American lives are cut short—many in their prime—and more American cities continue to mount homicide and shooting statistics. Even in America’s paradise: my home dis-trict of the U.S. Virgin Islands. In 2015, there were 40 homicides in the U.S. Virgin Islands. That’s a per capita homicide rate more than double that of the city of Chicago. Gun violence in cities like Chicago, Los An-geles and the U.S. Virgin Islands, sadly, are a near daily occurrence. And while we pause for moments of silence after mass shootings like the one in New Town or San Bernadino, the thousands of victims of mass shootings that play out daily in cities like New York City and the U.S. Virgin Islands go largely unnoticed and unrecognized. There were 353 mass shootings in this country in 2015—three of which occurred in my home district of the U.S. Virgin Islands. One occurred on a crowded boardwalk on a beautiful day in May. The second mass shooting took place in a housing community, where children played just after 5 p.m. one afternoon this past Sep-tember. The third took place on a busy highway two days after Thanksgiving. A mass shooting occurs just about everyday in this country, yet there are no moments of silence or thoughts and prayers extended to many of the victims. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.069 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H275 January 11, 2016 
While the President’s actions will undoubt-edly save lives, we know that in communities like the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the many other minority communities across this coun-try, there needs to be more comprehensive action to address the underlying issues that are at the root of gun violence. The citizens living in these communities ex-perience inexcusable levels of poverty. In the U.S. Virgin Islands, more than 30 percent of children are living below the poverty level and in Chicago, most of the South and West sides have 40 to 60 percent of residents living below the poverty level. If we are serious about making our commu-nities safer and reducing gun crime, we must take comprehensive action to not only reduce the likelihood of mass shootings like San Bernadino or New Town, but also address the systemic divestment of resources, education, support in communities of color across this country that lead the scourge of gun violence that play out on our inner-city streets every-day. In addition to The President’s action, this congress needs to make it a priority to make adequate investments in early childhood edu-cation and other programs aimed at lifting chil-dren out of poverty. Additionally, making meaningful reforms to our criminal justice system and increasing re-sources to reduce the flow of drugs and illegal guns through our ports will help fight back the firearm black market. This is not about the second amendment: an overwhelming number of Americans—most gun owners themselves—agree, that we must do something to stop guns from getting into the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. This Congress has in its power, the ability to save thousands of lives. Let us not allow the near daily occurrence of mass shootings to become the new norm. We must act to pass comprehensive gun legislation. Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, last week, President Obama announced a series of executive actions aimed at reducing gun violence across the United States. President Obama laid out these much-needed steps in the face of Congres-sional inaction, which will help to reduce the senseless gun violence that affects countless communities across our nation. In 2014, firearms claimed the lives of more than 33,000 Americans. Over 2,800 of those fatalities took place in my home state of Texas. Perhaps there will be a time when we no longer will have to read headlines about mass murders in our schools or movie thea-ters. But until then, our nation must take con-certed steps to strengthen background checks, improve mental health services, and keep fire-arms out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill. This is what President Obama has sought to achieve and I truly believe that this can be done without infringing on law-abiding citizens’ right to bear arms. There have been numerous critics of Presi-dent Obama’s executive actions to reduce gun violence. However, we can no longer stand by as gun violence claims the lives of more inno-cent Americans. The President is limited in what he can achieve through executive ac-tions alone. That is why Congress has the re-sponsibility to pass comprehensive gun safety legislation now and put our nation on the path to preventing such violence from happening again. Mr. Speaker, gun violence affects individ-uals of all backgrounds in communities all across the United States. It is not a Demo-cratic issue nor is it a Republican issue. It is an issue that affects every American in one form or another. Successfully reducing gun vi-olence in this country will take more than just legislative action from Congress. It will take the collective effort of every American to change the course of our history and end gun violence in America once and for all. 
f 
RADICAL ISLAMISTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for half the time remaining before 10 p.m. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, we have now learned that the administra-tion is releasing or has released Mu-hammad al-Rahman al-Shamrani, a 40- year-old citizen of Saudi Arabia. He was transferred to Saudi Arabia on January 11, 2016. Apparently, The New York Times had gotten ahold of documents regard-ing—and this is from an October 2008 recommendation for the continued de-tention under the Department of De-fense control for Guantanamo detainee, and then it gives the long number—it is Muhammad al-Rahman al-Shamrani. If you read what purports to be se-cret—I don’t know how The New York Times got it—but you read over in his file that this Guantanamo detainee— that would be Mr. Shamrani—on 14 Oc-tober 2007 stated: ‘‘When I get out of here, I will go to Iraq and Afghanistan and will kill as many Americans as I can. Then I will come here and kill more Americans.’’ He also stated: ‘‘I love Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar, and if I ever get out of Guantanamo, I will go back to fight the Americans and kill as many as I can.’’ The detainee stated he hated all Americans and will seek revenge if ever released from Guantanamo. The detainee said that, if he is released, he would again participate in jihad against the enemies of Muslims, to in-clude the United States. The detainee is proud of what he has done, and he is willing to do anything to fight against the enemies of Muslims. The detainee stated he decided to become more reli-gious because of his dislike of the U.S. and its citizens. So for those who have been confused about the rules of civilized warfare, there is nothing illegal, unconstitu-tional against the Geneva Convention for holding people who are part of a group who are at war with your coun-try until the group they are a part of announces they are no longer at war with you. Now, war was declared, as some of my Muslim leader friends in the Middle East and Africa tell me. It is obvious to the rest of the world that radical Islam declared war on the United States back in ’79 after President Carter laid the foundation to allow what he called a man of peace to come in and take over ruling Iran. His name was Khomeini. It was after that that our American Em-bassy was attacked and over 50 people taken hostages, Americans. Basically, we did nothing about it. So I know the President likes to say that Guantanamo is used as a recruit-ing tool, but the fact is, oh, basically, if we get rid of Guantanamo, then that pretty much eliminates anger at Amer-ica. The fact is that while President Clin-ton was sending American military to protect Muslims who were being un-fairly treated, there were not only at-tacks against Americans. There was planning going on, not only to attack the USS Cole, but to attack America, our facilities, our embassies, our build-ings, and they were planning 9/11. There were no detainees at Guanta-namo. Yet, all of this plotting and plan-ning—and from my discussions with people in the Middle East when I have been over there, with people who are from Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, when I have been in those countries—I haven’t been into Syria, but I have been right there at its border—but they all say the same thing. What they use to re-cruit is in 1979 we were attacked by radical Islamists. We did nothing under President Carter. In ’83, we were attacked and around 300 marines were killed in Beirut. Con-gress, under Democratic control, said we are getting our people out. So Presi-dent Reagan ordered the evacuation from Beirut. Instead of fighting back, we ran home. I understand that Reagan felt that was one of the big mistakes of his Presidency. So the attacks have been ongoing. The World Trade Center attack in 1993, the attack on the Khobar Towers, so many attacks under President Clinton. He sent a lot of tow missiles, blew up some tents. It seems maybe like there was an aspirin factory. It was not Guantanamo that was the driving force in all of those years, dec-ades of war against the United States. It didn’t exist. The elimination of Guantanamo will not end the animos-ity and the desire of radical Islamists to eliminate America from the map along with Israel. b2130 And just to be clear, today the story from Susannah George, ‘‘Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Baghdad Mall Attack,’’ they are still at war. Whether they are JV or not, they are killing people. Adam Kredo from the Free Beacon reports today, ‘‘Obama Administration Stonewalling Investigation into 113 Terrorists Inside United States’’: ‘‘Senators Ted Cruz and Jeff Sessions disclosed Monday that they had been pressuring the Obama administration for months to disclose the immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.030 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH276 January 11, 2016 
histories of these foreign-born individ-uals implicated in terror plots.’’ Senators C
RUZand S ESSIONS wrote to the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security and the Attorney General: ‘‘The American people are entitled to information on the immigration his-tory of terrorists seeking to harm them.’’ They note that we already knew 14 of the people that were brought over as refugees turned out to be terrorists, foreign terrorists, radical Islamists, but they were given legal en-trance as refugees. We have a right to know how many of those 113 that have now been ar-rested for terrorism were foreign born, how many of them came in as refugees. These are all important. Then we see the story from yesterday by Jonah Bennett that almost half of California driver’s licenses went to ille-gal immigrants in 2015. Wow. Under the REAL ID Act, that means nobody from California should be able to use their driver’s licenses to get on airplanes to travel in interstate commerce or for-eign travel. And then the story from Philadel-phia, January 8, absolutely tragic. A man walks up shooting police. A dis-cussion today that there may be other people that were involved. The gunman said he shot the Philadelphia officer for the Islamic State. The police have said that. However, despite the fact that this radical Islamic terrorist has said he shot the police officer repeat-edly in an ambush for Allah and for the Islamic State, here is the headline from a story by Dave Boyer from today: ‘‘Obama Administration Won-dering whether Shooting of Philly Cop Was Terrorist Act,’’ because they don’t take the radical Islamist terrorist who shot the policeman for Allah and for the Islamic State. Perhaps they think he is confused. He doesn’t sound con-fused. He sounds like he knew exactly what he was doing when he walked up and ambushed, trying to kill by repeat-edly shooting a Philadelphia police-man. The story of January 8 from Jay Sol-omon in The Wall Street Journal, ‘‘Nu-clear Deal Fuels Iran’s Hard-Liners,’’ and it makes clear, as it says down here: ‘‘As much as $100 billion in frozen revenues are expected to return to Iran after sanctions are lifted, which U.S. officials said could happen in coming weeks. The White House hoped the cash windfall would aid Mr. Rouhani’s polit-ical fortunes.’’ Madam Speaker, mark my words. If that $100 billion to $150 billion is pro-vided by this administration here in the United States of America to Iran, to its current radical Islamic leaders who hate the United States, who have not signed the deal that President Obama is so proud of—and they have breached it repeatedly already, we know—that money, some of that money will be used to finance the kill-ing of Americans and Israelis. Now, back when I was a judge—years and years ago, a prosecutor—we would say, if you fund somebody who says they are going to use some of that money, as Iran has, to fund Hamas and Hezbollah, which we know are terrorist organizations, been named as such, and you know they are terrorist organiza-tions, you know the money you are providing is going to, in turn, be pro-vided to terrorist organizations. See, back when I was a prosecutor or judge, we would say: You know what? If you are knowingly providing money to someone who has already said they are going to give it to terrorists who are going to kill people, well, it sounds like there is a case to be made for you being as guilty as they are. Certainly, it goes beyond the pale of gross neg-ligence, but that is hypothetically speaking. I am not a prosecutor. I am not a judge. I am not a chief justice any-more. But when is the sanity going to return when people who say they are your enemies who want death to Amer-ica, continue to say ‘‘death to Amer-ica,’’ continue to say we are going to provide more money, once you give us that $100 billion, $150 billion, once you give us that, we are going to fund more terrorism, and it is already being re-ported. Just the announcement that the money is coming has already stim-ulated more attacks on those who would hope to be free in Iran. It is trag-ic, just tragic. But, in any event, we are living in perilous times. Many understand that there are radical Islamists who are at war with us. It is time to recognize that the release of a man who has said he wants to kill Americans and will after he is released should be taken at his word. I know there is some claim that he may not have said the things that are attributed to him by our own officers, our own personnel that were moni-toring him, but let me just say that is a real easy one. There is video some-where, unless that has been lost with some of the emails that were being pur-sued by Congress. Unless it has been lost with emails that have been deleted to try to avoid turning them over to Congress, those videos can be con-sulted, and we can know for sure whether this Islamic radical that President Obama has released from Guantanamo said the things that our people said he said. I was hearing some of my friends’ comments about the gun laws. I know we all share the desire to lessen and eliminate gun violence in America. The thousands of felony cases that came through my court caused me repeat-edly to think back. I don’t recall any-body who committed a crime with a gun that got it legally. Outlaws don’t get guns legally. It has been made clear that the things our President has proposed would not have stopped one of these mass murderers that he now says spur him on to take action. I would encour-age my friends: Let’s work to take ac-tion that will actually stop the mass murders, that will actually stop the gun violence, but that will not occur by taking guns out of the hands of law- abiding citizens. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
ARMED STANDOFF IN OREGON The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) until 10 p.m. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to come to the floor this evening to speak about an armed standoff that is taking place in my State of Oregon. This is the ninth day of armed occu-pation of the Malheur National Wild-life Refuge where we have some law-less, reckless behavior on the part of out-of-State zealots who have taken over a Federal resource. This is really hard to comprehend for a moment. As has been mentioned by numerous commentators, imagine what would happen if armed protesters who were of a different color or of a dif-ferent religion occupied a Federal facil-ity in Chicago or Washington, D.C., or Philadelphia. We would not tolerate that behavior. We would watch people move in to remove them. And yet, here, we are talking about the ninth day with impunity these people have undertaken to exert their own vision for an amazing region, this high desert plateau in eastern Oregon, a region of vast, arid, high desert with many key lakes and wetlands, that is the location of a wildlife refuge that was created in 1908 by President Teddy Roosevelt. It was deemed important to protect this critical flyway, this wildlife habitat. We found people there slaughtering wildlife to take the feathers to deco-rate women’s hats. Now, I understand that there are some people who are involved who have some frustrations about issues of man-agement of Federal resources. I appre-ciate that. This is a large, vast coun-try, with 323 million people. In much of the West, a significant portion of the land is owned, managed, and adminis-tered by the Federal Government on behalf of all 323 million of us. I have no doubt that occasionally there is frustration, there is a dif-ference of philosophy. Occasionally, there are mistakes made. One of the problems we face is that my Repub-lican friends in Congress for years have refused to adequately fund these pro-grams, being able to take care of them appropriately, and that leads to frus-trations as well. But I think it is important to note that, contrary to the actions of these armed thugs, this land doesn’t belong to them. It doesn’t belong to the 7,000 residents of Malheur County or even 4 million Oregonians. This land is in trust for 323 million Americans. If we overrule these interests and get the Federal Government out of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.073 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H277 January 11, 2016 
equation, it is not going to revert to a few of the people in the region. The people who have first claim on this land are the Paiute Indians, who re-sided on it for thousands of years be-fore the Federal Government came in and crowded them out. This vast high desert area is worthy of protection, whether it is monument or wilderness. Many Oregonians, in-cluding people in eastern and central Oregon, agree that this is worthy of protection. I met with a number in cen-tral Oregon this year who were orga-nized, Friends of the Owyhee, for in-stance, people who think that this largest area in the lower 48 States of pristine beauty, of great environmental import, is the largest unprotected area in the lower 48 States. Now, I listened to my friend from Or-egon who represents the area, Con-gressman W
ALDEN , express his concern and frustration. He talked about his challenges with the Steens Wilderness Area and talked about his deep concern that the administration may consider a monument in the future for this area, monument status for hundreds of thou-sands of these acres. It is interesting to note, I was in-volved with that process, but not as deeply as my friend Congressman W
AL-
DEN, who I think can justly claim cred-it for having been the driving force be-hind protecting the Steens Wilderness Area. But it never would have achieved wilderness status without the prospect, the looming threat, of a monument status. b2145 I was pleased in a small way to have helped facilitate that going forward. We are all better off as a result of the process that took place. I was rather surprised that, in the course of his extensive comments on the floor of the House a week ago, while talking about the cooperative ef-fort and the value of the work for Steen’s Wilderness, he did not ref-erence at all the process that has been taking place in the Malheur Basin, where we have seen advocates for local ranching interests, environmentalists, and people in the refuge management itself all come together from 2010 to 2013, developing a vision to protect this area, having one of the largest water projects in the country over the next 15 years: a plan, a vision, a commitment. And it was done on a cooperative basis. You can review what is going on with the ongoing media coverage or with these armed, out-of-State thugs who have invaded the wildlife refuge with no hint of what has happened there to be able to build a consensus, a vision, to protect and enhance this area. The notion somehow that govern-ment ought to get out of the way and turn this all over to the private sector is a bit strained. First of all, it should be noted that about half the jobs in this little county of 7,000 people are themselves govern-ment jobs. Many of them in the wildlife refuge are some of the best jobs in the region. They may not make much difference in Portland, Eugene, Seattle, or Wash-ington, D.C., but in a region like this, it is having hundreds of family-wage jobs with good benefits, pensions. It makes a huge difference to the local economy. I am concerned that we are just pass-ing over this expectation that we have an opportunity to be able to work with the affected people, move it forward, protecting this area as opposed to hav-ing folks who are threatening public employees and who have engaged on a personal basis in threatening people. We have had to shut down a number of government operations. It is sad, it is unfortunate, and it is wrong. We don’t need outsiders coming into Oregon or politicians enabling or en-couraging people to behave in this reckless, lawless fashion. We should, as a matter of fact, cut them off. There should be no electricity to the compound. They shouldn’t be using the computers of public employees. We shouldn’t have them ordering out for pizza or delivering food. This is goofy. It wouldn’t happen in any other area if armed thugs took over a Federal facil-ity. I have great sympathy with my friend and colleague, PETER DEFAZIO, who felt that, by the Federal Govern-ment not acting on the Nevada lawbreakers who refused to pay the heavily discounted grazing fees—a frac-tion of what they would pay if it were in private hands—and allowing this to go on unabated, they are encouraging this lawless, reckless behavior. I am pleased this evening that I am joined by my friend and colleague from California, Congressman H
UFFMAN , who, prior to coming to Congress, had a long, distinguished career dealing with environmental protection and dealing with balancing these interests and solving problems while we protect public interests. I yield to the gentleman for his com-ments this evening. Mr. HUFFMAN. I want to thank my friend from Oregon for his leadership and advocacy and calling us together for this important discussion tonight. I want to thank him also for bringing up our great conservation hero, Teddy Roosevelt, a Republican President who I can’t help but think is rolling in his grave over the fact that cornerstones of his legacy—the protection of public lands, the protection of wildlife—are under constant assault by too many of our friends across the aisle and, for the last 2 weeks, by some very wrong-head-ed individuals who are heavily armed at a wildlife refuge in southern Oregon. Many Americans who turned on their TVs last week I think were probably surprised to see that this heavily armed extremist group had taken over a national wildlife refuge and that they were threatening to kill anyone who stands in their way. They were led, of course, by Ammon Bundy, the son of the infamous Cliven Bundy, that great philosopher who ro-manticizes slavery, refuses to pay le-gally required grazing fees, and orga-nized his own armed insurrection in Nevada a couple of years ago. Americans were surprised to see that this group, which was part of a larger protest against Federal authority, pub-lic land policy, and environmental land violations, was so violent and so heav-ily armed and so extreme in their de-mands. I think so many Americans are just surprised to find that people would be so violently opposed to our Federal Government’s role in protecting public lands and wildlife that they would do this kind of thing. But as a member of the House Nat-ural Resources Committee, I have to tell you I am disgusted by these reck-less, dangerous, and criminal actions, but I am not totally surprised. I am not totally surprised. Because on any given week in the Natural Resources Committee, you can hear the intellectual underpinnings of these dangerous, violent actions. You hear the divisive, over-the-top antigovernment rhetoric that is spewed by too many of our colleagues across the aisle, Members of Congress who may now be criticizing ever so gently the tactics of the armed criminals in southern Oregon. But out of the other side of their mouth they justify their actions by ar-guing that their anger and frustration with the government is somehow justi-fied and legitimate and that we should essentially sympathize with them rath-er than be outraged by their seditious, violent actions. I am amazed and grateful for the fact that our Federal land management and law enforcement authorities have been so patient and so passive and so def-erential because of their determination to try to bring this to a peaceful reso-lution. I admire and respect that. I know where they are coming from. But let’s be clear about this. There has to be accountability for the occu-piers. This armed group of thugs occu-pying a refuge in the State to my north can’t be allowed to do this without consequences. Because many people—you men-tioned our colleague, P
ETER DEFAZIO— believe—correctly, in my view—that this wouldn’t have happened had there been some consequences to the Bundy ranch standoff 2 years ago. Unfortunately, despite a very similar action, despite all of the same heavily armed threats and violence and the near avoidance of a tragedy that could have cost untold numbers of lives, there really were no consequences. My understanding is that Cliven Bundy still owes well over $1 million in ranching fees to the Federal Govern-ment and that he is still grazing his cattle without permission. And because there has been no con-sequences, his son and the current gang that is occupying the refuge obviously took the lesson that they could do it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.074 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH278 January 11, 2016 
again. And they will do it again and again, as long as we continue to give them a pass. So there has to be accountability. There has to be some type of con-sequences for people that do this. But there also should be accountability for politicians who tacitly fuel incidents like this with their inflammatory and hyperbolic rhetoric that always casts environmental protection as an assault on individual rights and that falsely describes our national public lands as some type of a threat to State and pri-vate property owners. It is not right. The truth is, in California and across the West, our public lands are a corner-stone of lots of local and State econo-mies, including those in my district. I have huge tracts of Federal public lands in the Second Congressional Dis-trict of California, from vast national parks and recreational areas to three different national forests, to numerous national monuments and lots and lots of BLM lands. For many of my constituents, Fed-eral lands help them put dinner on the table. It helps them pay their bills. Ninety-one percent of western voters surveyed responded that they believe public lands are an essential part of their State’s economy. We need to re-member this. So I want to protect public lands, and I want to work cooperatively with the Federal agencies that manage them to iron out differences. Our Federal Government isn’t per-fect. They make mistakes. Sometimes they are not the best neighbors. Some-times they aren’t always as responsive and respectful to the communities and individuals that live nearby. Part of our job as Members of Con-gress who represent those communities is to try to make sure that the govern-ment, for its part, is doing the right thing: listening, being a good neighbor. I have seen it work time and time again. And the notion that the only way to resolve differences with Federal land management agencies is to take up arms and threaten a violent insur-rection is just absolutely nonsense. So those are a few of my thoughts. I certainly could go on at length about some of the success stories I have seen in my district, where communities have come together and actually col-laborated with the Federal Govern-ment, not just as a neighbor, but as a partner to do things, including things that brought jobs to those commu-nities. I have seen it in Trinity County with a process called the Trinity County Collaboration, where, believe it or not, environmentalists are working to-gether with folks in the forest products industry and with Federal agencies and with all sorts of other interests and they have agreed to cut thousands of acres of trees as part of a comprehen-sive stewardship plan. It can work. It is very unique, but it can actually work. And it can work in other places. It almost worked in the Klamath, which is another part of southern Oregon where we saw this his-toric coming together of farmers and fishermen and tribes and government agencies. The problem is that collaboration de-pended on an act of Congress to actu-ally happen. Sadly, under current man-agement, Congress is where collabora-tion goes to die. And so we were unable to do the right thing there. But it can be done. I again want to thank the gentleman for his leadership in trying to interpose a little bit of sanity into this debate. Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate your joining me in this conversation on your past activity and what we need to do in the future. You are right. These are, if done cor-rectly—and you have had some of these experiences in California—huge eco-nomic opportunities. There are 47 million bird watchers in this country. They spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $40 billion a year. In the Malheur Wildlife Refuge, almost 24,000 people made that long, long, long, long journey. And I will guar-antee you they wouldn’t have been sightseeing there but for the wildlife refuge. You referenced the Klamath. It is a lost opportunity if we are not on our toes. Removing those four dams that have obstructed the flow of spawning salmon, prohibiting us from meeting our obligation to Native Americans, would create hundreds and hundreds of family-wage jobs for years in northern California. It is just one more example of where Congress is missing in action and where Congress hasn’t appropriately funded these agencies to be able to fully meet the opportunities. It is hard for me to express my won-derment that some people will come to the floor and somehow try and cele-brate the Hammond family, people who were convicted of arson and who have a record of having broken the law before. Public records show behavior that is not that of people you want for your neighbors. These folks do not have clean hands. Yet, we have out-of-State, armed thugs taking over this facility to somehow talk about these convicted felons and undercut this process. I am hopeful that we can work to-gether for people to focus on the oppor-tunities and have the administration step up, act responsibly, cut these peo-ple off and remove them, and to take action against other lawbreakers like we would in other areas of the country. I appreciate you joining me today to have a little bit of conversation here to try and round out the picture that is missing from the media. It is probably not going to get us on Fox News, but these are things that the American public needs to know. Because there is a path forward. There has been a regional consensus that has developed. There is a vision to protect the wildlife refuge and its eco-nomic activities and future. It is one that we should support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of attend-ing a funeral. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until to-morrow, Tuesday, January 12, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3961. A letter from the Under Secretary of Defense, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Vice Admiral Kurt W. Tidd, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of admiral, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777a(b)(4); Public Law 111-383, Sec. 505(a)(1); (124 Stat. 4208); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3962. A letter from the Under Secretary of Defense, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Colonels Sean A. Gainey and Pat-rick B. Roberson, United States Army, to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3963. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Strategy, Plans and Capabilities, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force Addendum to FY 2015 and FY 2016 Re-ports on the Plan for the Nuclear Weapons Stockpile, Nuclear Weapons Complex, Nu-clear Weapons Delivery Systems, and Nu-clear Weapons Command and Control Sys-tem Specified in Sec. 1043 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for FY 2012; to the Committee on Armed Services. 3964. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the National Health Service Corps Report to the Congress for the year 2014, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 254i; July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 336A (as amended by Public Law 94-484, Sec. 407(a)); (92 Stat. 2277); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3965. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Ceiling Fan Light Kits [Dock-et No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0007] (RIN: 1904- AD17) received January 6, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3966. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘Report to Congress on Coordination of Federal HIV Programs for Fiscal Years 2009-2013’’, pre-pared by the Health Resources and Services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA7.076 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H279 January 11, 2016 
Administration, pursuant to Sec. 2681(b) of the Public Health Service Act, 42 U.S.C. 300ff-81; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3967. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Wash-ington; Removal of Obsolete Regulations [EPA-R10-OAR-2015-0813; FRL-9940-93-Region 10] received December 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3968. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Determination of Attain-ment; Texas; Houston-Galveston-Brazoria 1997 Ozone Nonattainment Area; Determina-tion of Attainment of the 1997 Ozone Stand-ard [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0117; FRL-9940-63-Re-gion 6] received December 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3969. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3970. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Belarus that was de-clared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3971. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations to Include Continuation of Emergency Declared in Executive Order 12938 [Docket No.: 151123999-5999-01] (RIN: 0694-AG78) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3972. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cyber-Related Sanctions Regulations re-ceived December 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3973. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, De-partment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards Technical Amendments (RIN: 1205-AB71) received De-cember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3974. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-cer, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting the Service’s FY 2015 report under the Federal Managers’ Finan-cial Integrity Act, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3512(d)(3); Sept. 12, 1950, ch. 946, Sec. 112 (as added by Public Law 97-255, Sec. 2); (96 Stat. 815); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3975. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting the Board’s report on competitive sourcing efforts for FY 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 108-199, Sec. 647(b); (118 Stat. 361); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3976. A letter from the Director, Peace Corps, transmitting the semi-annual report of the Peace Corps Inspector General cov-ering the period from April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3977. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s report on competitive sourcing efforts for FY 2015, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 108- 199, Sec. 647(b); (118 Stat. 361); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3978. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-ficer, United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Inter-national Trademark Classification Changes [Docket No.: PTO-T-2015-0077] (RIN: 0651- AD06) received December 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 3979. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of the Chief Counsel, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Debt Collection Authorities Under the Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (RIN: 1530-AA12) received December 29, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3980. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Security Zone: Escorted Ves-sels, Los Angeles-Long Beach, CA, Captain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0880] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); ; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 3981. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone, Dela-ware River; Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0732] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3982. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Turritella FPSO, Walker Ridge 551, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0318] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3983. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Titan SPAR, Mis-sissippi Canyon 941, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0320] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3984. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Witt-Penn Bridge Construction, Hackensack River; Jersey City, NJ [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1008] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3985. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Dela-ware River; New Castle, DE [Docket No.: USCG-2015-1032] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3986. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lations; Temporary Change for Recurring Marine Event in the Fifth Coast Guard Dis-trict [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0400] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3987. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Ballast Water Management Re-porting and Recordkeeping [Docket No.: USCG-2012-0924] (RIN: 1625-AB68) received December 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3988. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Office of Protective Services, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s di-rect final rule — NASA Protective Services Enforcement [Docket No.: NASA-2015-0009] (RIN: 2700-AE24) received December 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 3989. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Payment of Emergency Medication by VA (RIN: 2900-AP34) received December 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 3990. A letter from the Federal Register Certifying Officer, Bureau of the Fiscal Serv-ice, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Regula-tions Governing United States Savings Bonds [Docket No.: FISCAL-2015-0002] (RIN: 1530-AA11) received December 21, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3991. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Federal Tax Treatment of Identity Protection Services [Announcement 2016-02] received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3992. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2016 Standard Mileage Rates [Notice 2016-1] received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JA7.000 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH280 January 11, 2016 
3993. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Inflation-adjusted items for 2015 for certain Civil Penalties under the Internal Revenue Code (Rev. Proc. 2016-11) received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3994. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — January 2016 (Rev. Rul. 2016-1) received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3995. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Payout Requirements for Type III Supporting Organizations That Are Not Functionally Integrated [TD 9746] (RIN: 1545- BL44) received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3996. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Claiming the Health Coverage Tax Credit for 2014 and 2015 [Notice 2016-02] re-ceived January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3997. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2015 Cumulative List of Changes in Plan Qualification Requirements [Notice 2015-84] received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 3998. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Minimum Value of Eligible Em-ployer-Sponsored Plans and Other Rules Re-garding the Health Insurance Premium Tax Credit [TD 9745] (RIN: 1545-BL43) received January 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3999. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-86; Small Entity Compliance Guide [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051, Sequence No.: 6] received De-cember 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Com-mittees on Oversight and Government Re-form and Armed Services. 4000. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summary presentation of interim and final rules — Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; Federal Acquisition Cir-cular 2005-86; Introduction [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051, Sequence No.: 6] received December 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, Science, Space, and Technology, and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. ROYCE: Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. H.R. 757. A bill to improve the enforce-ment of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–392, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROYCE: Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. H.R. 3662. A bill to enhance congres-sional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism financiers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 393, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3242. A bill to require spe-cial packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–394). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 583. Resolution providing for consideration of bill (H.R. 1644) to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the de-velopment of environmental regulations, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3662) to en-hance congressional oversight over the ad-ministration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism financiers, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings dur-ing the period from January 14, 2016, through January 22, 2016 (Rept. 114–395). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 757 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3662 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 4359. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that Federal employ-ees may not be placed on administrative leave for more than 14 days during any year for misconduct or poor performance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 4360. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that a Federal em-ployee who leaves Government service while under personnel investigation shall have a notation of any adverse findings under such investigation placed in such employee’s offi-cial personnel file, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 4361. A bill to amend section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to provide for enhanced security of Federal information systems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. C
OLE, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. S TEW-
ART, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , and Mr. A
LLEN ): H.R. 4362. A bill to amend the Social Secu-rity Act to replace the Medicaid program and the Children’s Health Insurance program with a block grant to the States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Natural Re-sources, House Administration, Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4363. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come amounts paid by an employer on an employee’s student loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. L
EE): H.R. 4364. A bill to amend title V of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to prohibit Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants from being made available to a State or unit of local govern-ment that has a contract with a person that charges a fee to pay-only probationers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.J. Res. 80. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to prohibit gerrymandering in the establishment of Congressional districts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COLE: H. Con. Res. 106. Concurrent resolution to authorize the use of United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and its associated forces; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CAPUANO: H. Res. 584. A resolution urging the Presi-dent to seek an independent investigation into the death of Tibetan Buddhist leader and social activist Tenzin Delek Rinpoche and to publicly call for an end to the repres-sive policies used by the People’s Republic of China in Tibet; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11JA7.000 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H281 January 11, 2016 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 4359. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 4360. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 4361. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. (Also known as the ‘‘Necessary and Proper clause)’’. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 4362. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I [the Spending Clause] of the United States Constitution states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay for Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ The bill also makes spe-cific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States, in accord-ance with Amendment X of the United States Congress. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 4363. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States: but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’ By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 4364. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.J. Res. 80. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the United States Constitu-tion. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 224: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. M ENG, and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 225: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K EATING , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 226: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 228: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 539: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 604: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 610: Mr. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 721: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 731: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 757: Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 829: Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 870: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 921: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 923: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 985: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 986: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 994: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 1101: Mr. F
ATTAH . H.R. 1116: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1147: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 1148: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1197: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1220: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1258: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 1397: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. S HER-
MAN, and Mr. M ULVANEY . H.R. 1567: Mr. S
ALMON . H.R. 1608: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. J OYCE , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1818: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1902: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 2034: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2058: Mr. R
IBBLE and Mr. T HORNBERRY . H.R. 2290: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 2293: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2302: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2342: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2404: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2710: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 2775: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 2858: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2874: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 2894: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 2917: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 2992: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B
ERA, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. C
APPS , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. L ORETTA  S
ANCHEZ of California, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. G RA-
HAM, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. E
STY, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
AKAI, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2994: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 3046: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3060: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3381: Ms. D
UCKWORTH and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 3514: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3520: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3537: Mr. P
IERLUISI and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 3556: Ms. S
PEIER and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 3684: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3722: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 3790: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 3872: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4000: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 4063: Ms. M
CSALLY and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 4073: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4084: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 4089: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4167: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 4240: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 4247: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 4269: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 4279: Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4293: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 4294: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4295: Mr. H
ONDA . H.R. 4298: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 4321: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 4333: Mr. C
ARNEY , Mr. M ESSER , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4336: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P ALMER , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 4345: Mr. T
AKAI. H.J. Res. 2: Mr. D
OLD. H.J. Res. 59: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida. H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. R
OKITA . H. Res. 54: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H. Res. 386: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 445: Mr. B
YRNE . H. Res. 541: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L EVIN, and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 551: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. Y OHO, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN. H. Res. 569: Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. C UMMINGS . H. Res. 571: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 575: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. S AR-
BANES . H. Res. 582: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.016 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH282 January 11, 2016 
OFFERED BYMR. LAMBORN  The amendment filed to H.R. 1644 by me does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA7.006 H11JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 2016 No. 6 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty and everlasting God, the Creator of new beginnings, thank You for Your constant love and for the op-portunity to learn from each other. As we turn to a new chapter in our labors, illuminate the path of our law-makers with Your holy light. May Your sacred Word provide them with a lamp and light in this world’s dark-ness, keeping them from the detours that lead to ruin. Give them a humility that seeks first to understand instead of striving to be understood. Lord, guide us all with Your powerful hand until the kingdoms of this world acknowledge Your sovereignty and might. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY— VETO The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Chair lays before the Senate the President’s veto message on S.J. Res. 23, which the clerk will read and which will be spread in full upon the Journal. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 23, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units.’’ Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the veto message on S.J. Res. 23 be considered as having been read; that it be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The veto message ordered to be print-ed in the R
ECORD is as follows: 
f 
MEMORANDUM OF DISAPPROVAL S.J. Res. 23 is a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5 of the United States Code of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) relating to ‘‘Standards of Per-formance for Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions from New, Modified, and Recon-structed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units.’’ This resolu-tion would nullify EPA’s carbon pollu-tion standards for new, modified, and reconstructed power plants. Accord-ingly, I am withholding my approval of this resolution. (The Pocket Veto Case, 279 U.S. 655 (1929)). Climate change poses a profound threat to our future and future genera-tions. Atmospheric levels of carbon di-oxide, a primary greenhouse gas, are higher than they have been in at least 800,000 years. In 2009, EPA determined that greenhouse gas pollution endan-gers Americans’ health and welfare by causing long-lasting changes in the cli-mate that can have, and are already having, a range of negative effects on human health, the climate, and the en-vironment. We are already seeing the impacts of climate change, and estab-lished science confirms that we will ex-perience stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons, and other intensified impacts as the planet warms. The Pentagon has determined that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security. Power plants are the largest source of greenhouse gas pollution in our country. Although we have limits on other dangerous pollutants from power plants, the carbon pollution standards and the Clean Power Plan ensure that we will finally have national standards to reduce the amount of carbon pollu-tion that our power plants can emit. The carbon pollution standards will ensure that, when we make major in-vestments in power generation infra-structure, we also deploy available technologies to make that infrastruc-ture as low-emitting as possible. By blocking these standards from taking effect, S.J. Res. 23 would delay our transition to cleaner electricity gener-ating technologies by enabling contin-ued build-out of outdated, high-pol-luting infrastructure. Because it would overturn carbon pollution standards that are critical to protecting against climate change and ensuring the health and well-being of our Nation, I cannot support the resolution. To leave no doubt that the resolution is being vetoed, in addition to with-holding my signature, I am returning S.J. Res. 23 to the Secretary of the Senate, along with this Memorandum of Disapproval. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2015. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY— VETO The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate the Presi-dent’s veto message on S.J. Res. 24, which the clerk will read and which will be spread in full upon the Journal. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.000 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4 January 11, 2016 
Veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 24, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the veto message on S.J. Res. 24 be considered as having been read; that it be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The veto message ordered to be print-ed in the R
ECORD is as follows: 
f 
MEMORANDUM OF DISAPPROVAL S.J. Res. 24 is a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5 of the United States Code of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units.’’ This resolution would nullify the Clean Power Plan, the first national standards to address climate- destabilizing greenhouse gas pollution from existing power plants. Accord-ingly, I am withholding my approval of this resolution. (The Pocket Veto Case, 279 U.S. 655 (1929)). Climate change poses a profound threat to our future and future genera-tions. Atmospheric levels of carbon di-oxide, a primary greenhouse gas, are higher than they have been in at least 800,000 years. In 2009, EPA determined that greenhouse gas pollution endan-gers Americans’ health and welfare by causing long-lasting changes in the cli-mate that can have, and are already having, a range of negative effects on human health, the climate, and the en-vironment. We are already seeing the impacts of climate change, and estab-lished science confirms that we will ex-perience stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons, and other intensified impacts as the planet warms. The Pentagon has determined that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security. The Clean Power Plan is a tremen-dously important step in the fight against global climate change. It is projected to reduce carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. It builds on progress States and the power sector are al-ready making to move toward cleaner energy production, and gives States the time and flexibility they need to develop tailored, cost-effective plans to reduce their emissions. By nullifying the Clean Power Plan, S.J. Res. 24 not only threatens ongoing progress to-ward cleaner energy, but would also eliminate public health and other bene-fits of up to $54 billion per year by 2030, including thousands fewer premature deaths from air pollution and thou-sands fewer childhood asthma attacks each year. The Clean Power Plan is essential in addressing the largest source of green-house gas pollution in our country. It is past time to act to mitigate climate impacts on American communities. Be-cause the resolution would overturn the Clean Power Plan, which is critical to protecting against climate change and ensuring the health and well-being of our Nation, I cannot support it. To leave no doubt that the resolution is being vetoed, in addition to with-holding my signature, I am returning S.J. Res. 24 to the Secretary of the Senate, along with this Memorandum of Disapproval. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2015. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 2434 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk that is due a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2434) to provide that any execu-tive action that infringes on the powers and duties of Congress under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States has no force or ef-fect, and to prohibit the use of funds for cer-tain purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
WELCOMING COLLEAGUES BACK AND THE PRESIDENT’S ADDRESS TO CONGRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to welcome colleagues back to a new year in a new Senate that is back to work for the American people. It is clear we had a successful 2015. Commit-tees began functioning again. Senators began having more of a say again. We got important things accomplished for the American people. We are looking to build upon this progress in 2016. There is, of course, much to be done, but I am optimistic about what can be achieved with a bipartisan dedication to moving back to regular order, not just this year but in the years to come. The scale of what any Congress will be able to accomplish in a given year often depends upon the willingness of the President to cooperate and engage in good faith. When President Obama comes to address Congress tomorrow, he will have an important opportunity to demonstrate that to the American people. The question is, Will he rise to the moment? Based on what the White House has been saying in the media, it is unlikely we will hear a unifying mes-sage for our country tomorrow. That is unfortunate. I think the American peo-ple can expect to hear a positive mes-sage from Governor Haley. Many are looking forward to hearing what she has to say. I will have much more to say on all of that tomorrow. f 
REMEMBERING DALE BUMPERS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, let me again welcome all of our colleagues back. I think they will join me in re-membering former Senator Dale Bump-ers, who passed away over the holidays. Some called Dale Bumpers an im-probable Senator. Others have re-marked on his humor and wit. But what is clear about this former Senate colleague is that he was larger than life in many ways. I am sure his name will continue to be remembered by Ar-kansans for many years to come. The Senate sends its condolences to the family and friends Senator Bumpers leaves behind. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHAPLAIN DR. BLACK Mr. REID. Mr. President, while the Chaplain is in the building, I wish to say a brief word. I have the good for-tune—and have for many years—to come to the floor every day and listen to a prayer offered in sincerity by our Chaplain. The people who watch us on TV think that all he does is walk in here every day and give a little prayer. The fact is, I received information on the things he did this past year. He represented the Senate in 27 out- of-town speaking engagements. Those speaking engagements are tremendous. He has been in Nevada on a number of occasions. He is a tremendous pre-senter of what he does and what is good for the country. He delivered the invo-cation and/or benediction to 17 dif-ferent ceremonies. He spoke at 10 dif-ferent Senate functions. He visited with 20 different school groups who came to visit the Capitol. He delivered the invocation at 12 local events. He spoke at 26 local events. He hosted 11 guest Chaplains. He hosted three Jew-ish programs. He administered pre-marital and marriage-enrichment counseling. He mentored 20 Senate staffers in a recurring, 10-week spir-itual mentoring program. He facili-tated the Wednesday morning weekly Prayer Breakfast. He hosted two men’s Prayer Breakfasts for Senate staff fea-turing Os Guinness and Michael Franzese as guest speakers. He hosted a special program at Easter, our 20th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.009 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5 January 11, 2016 
annual Thanksgiving service, and a holiday open house for the Senate com-munity. He prayed on the Senate floor for the convening of most Senate sessions. He taught 44 Bible studies for approxi-mately 150 Senate staff. He taught 44 Bible studies for approximately 15 staff in the Postal Square Building. He taught 40 Bible studies for the Senators in Senator I
NHOFE ’s Capitol office. He taught 44 Bible studies for 15 chiefs of staff. He engaged in hospital visita-tions on frequent occasions and gave weekly updates about the sick and in-jured at the Senate Prayer Breakfast. He delivered the eulogy for former Sen-ator Edward Brook at the National Ca-thedral. He spoke at memorial services and funerals for various Senate staff members. He ministered to Senate of-fice staff members during times of grief. He spoke to Senate staff during staff meetings. That is not all. In relation to his ac-tivities and duties, he hosted a ladies’ small group Bible study every Monday, consisting of Senate staff. He had a small group of men consisting of Cap-itol police officers and other Senate staff for Bible study every Wednesday. Mr. President, everyone should know that he does more than give this prayer opening the Senate every day. In fact, if that was all he did, it would be well worth the functions of the Senate Chaplain, but he does much more. I congratulate him and express the ap-preciation of the entire Senate for the good work and good representations this fine man does representing our country. Remember, he is a retired ad-miral of the U.S. Navy. 
f 
REMEMBERING DALE BUMPERS Mr. REID. Mr. President, on another subject, I had the good fortune yester-day to attend the funeral of Dale Bumpers in Little Rock, AR. The cere-mony lasted almost 2 hours. It was a stunningly spiritual, humorous, and historical occasion. Dale Bumpers performed at that desk back there by the exit of this door. He had an extra long extension cord, and he traipsed around back there, walking back and forth, speaking only as he could do. It is what we do here in the Senate. Based on seniority, everyone moves forward. He served here for a quarter of a century, but he never wanted to leave that space back there because that was his place to inform the public about how he felt about dif-ferent issues. Coming from the Presiding Officer’s State, he was a man who didn’t fit the mold necessarily of what a lot of people expected of a Senator, but he was a giant killer politically. He defeated Orval Faubus after he had been in a governorship in the State of Arkansas for many years—a famous man; he beat him. Four years later, he beat William Fulbright, a longtime Member of the U.S. Senate and one of the most promi-nent, famous Senators in the history of the country. Then he started 24 years of service here in the Senate. I have great admiration for Dale Bumpers. The speeches and eulogies given yesterday were remarkable. His son Brent spoke for a short period of time. Former Senator David Pryor spoke for quite a while and talked about things they did together, the work they did on behalf of Arkansas. At the Pryor Center, they are doing a recorded history of how people feel about Senator Bumpers. I had the abil-ity to give my view. I said that I did not know of a Senate delegation with more power than Bumpers and Pryor had for the State of Arkansas during my more than three decades of service here in the Capitol. I have never seen two people who had as much power and prestige for a State as Bumpers and Pryor had. I am very fortunate that Landra and I were able to attend that funeral and listen to the eulogies given by Pryor and then, of course, by President Bill Clinton. It is too bad that the entire service couldn’t have been recorded be-cause it was hilarious. He was an ex-tremely funny man and a man who taught me a lot about the Senate. I have missed him for a long time, and I will always remember him for a num-ber of reasons, not the least of which was his ability to speak. f 
THE PRESIDENT’S LEADERSHIP Mr. REID. Mr. President, in less than 300 days, the American people will head to the polls to elect the President of the United States. An election year places the state of our Union under in-tense scrutiny. At this time it is im-portant to remember just how far we have come through the leadership of President Barack Obama. I can remember the first time I heard Barack Obama’s name. I was in the House gym, where I worked out for many years. Former Members have a little room in the back. Abner Mikva— long-time Congressman from Illinois, top lawyer for President Clinton, ap-pellate court judge, and has had quite a remarkable career himself—was there. While we were getting dressed, he said to me: We have a Senate race in Illi-nois. And I asked: Well, whom are you supporting? He said: Barack Obama. I thought he was trying to be funny. Barack Obama? Come on. That is basi-cally what I said to him, but I was wrong and he was right. This man with the unusual name was elected Presi-dent of the United States. It is important to remember just how far we have come through his leader-ship. After 8 years of disaster under President Bush, the American people embraced President Obama’s message of hope and change. On January 20, 2009, Barack Obama became the first African-American President in the his-tory of our country. Instead of working with the President to repair our econ-omy, strengthen the middle class, and help working families, Republicans have chosen a path, for 7 years, of re-lentless obstruction. In fact, during the President’s first term, the Republican leader publicly said: ‘‘The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term President.’’ As we look back over 7 years of the Obama Presidency, one thing is clear: Repub-licans have failed in their radical cru-sade against him. President Obama in-herited the worst recession since the Great Depression. He acted imme-diately to address the economic crisis and begin rebuilding our economy. Be-cause of President Obama, our econ-omy has fought back from the brink of destruction, which is what it really was. Last month, record car sales were an-nounced for the year 2015. How did it come about? Because President Obama went against the Republicans every step of the way by saving Chrysler and GM and giving Ford a great boost. The most significant car and truck sales in the history of our country occurred last year. Millions of Americans now have health care. The President made sure he fulfilled his promise of getting Osama bin Laden, and he did. He was killed. The President has taken bold action to address our broken immigra-tion system, doubled our country’s pro-duction of renewable energy, and ex-panded access to higher education for millions of Americans. I have a lot of affection and admira-tion for President Obama and most ev-eryone knows that. I have had the good fortune of working with him for the past 9 years in the Senate and as Presi-dent. His rescuing the Nation from cri-sis, his bold legislative achievement, and his refusal to back down in the face of Republican obstruction have made him one of the best Presidents of all time. No State was hit harder by the reces-sion and foreclosure crisis than Ne-vada. President Obama provided the re-sources necessary to stabilize the shat-tered housing markets, keep respon-sible borrowers in their homes, and re-duce foreclosures. Through the efforts he made, the President and his admin-istration were able to provide about $200 million to Nevada’s hardest hit homes, and there were lots of them. It didn’t take care of all the problems, but it certainly helped a great deal. These were programs that provided un-employed and underemployed home-owners financial assistance. Nevada’s unemployment rate reached almost 14 percent. Across the country, the rate of unemployment was about 10 percent. Today we have seen over 70 consecutive months of job growth, and our economy has added more than 14 million private sector jobs during the Obama years. Keep in mind what was happening during the last months of the Bush administration. During the first 2 months after the President was elected but not sworn into office, 800,000 jobs were lost 2 months in a row. It is hard to comprehend that, but that is what happened. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.011 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6 January 11, 2016 
Now we have seen the evidence of our Nation’s job market continuing to bounce back. Last week alone almost 300,000 jobs were announced in the pre-ceding month of December. A recent report shows that businesses have added 5.6 million jobs in the last 2 years alone, the most since the end of the Clinton administration. This cer-tainly wouldn’t have been possible without President Obama’s leadership. Nevada’s unemployment rate, which I have already mentioned, was the worst in the Nation. We had an ongoing struggle with the State of Rhode Island for years as to which had the worst un-employment—Rhode Island or Nevada. Neither State wanted to win, but we both won on many occasions as to which had the highest unemployment rate. Thanks to President Obama’s leadership, we are finally coming back in a very strong way. In December, the President signed a tax bill that includes one of the biggest anti-poverty tools in a generation. It will help lift 16 million modest- and low-income working families out of poverty, including 8 million children. Renewable energy is taking off like never before as a result of that legisla-tion. President Obama and Senate Democrats have brought our economy back from the brink of destruction. I have already talked about the auto in-dustry. We took on Wall Street to en-sure that the greed and corruption which produced the great recession would never happen again. Republicans said no at every turn, but we succeeded in spite of their obstruction. Health care. Before President Obama took office, tens of millions of Ameri-cans were denied health insurance. Thanks to the hard work of President Obama and the Democrats in Congress, the Affordable Care Act has banned in-surance company discrimination, re-quiring coverage without regard to pre-existing conditions or health status. That is just a little bit of what has been done. Since the law took effect, 17 million uninsured Americans have now gained insurance coverage. The success of ObamaCare is undeniable and made health care available to millions, slowed the rate of health care cost growth, and it did not cause any of the horrible problems that were talked about, prophesied, and that were sug-gested would happen by Republicans. In effect, what they said was all wrong. Immigration. Immigration was a problem before President Obama took office, but he tried to do something about it, and of course Republicans blocked that also. At the State of the Union Address 2 years ago, he said: I worked with you. I have tried, I have pleaded, and I am tired of doing this. I will have to do things on my own now because you will not do it legislatively. And he has done that. We failed to pass the DREAM Act in 2010. President Obama acted to protect DREAMers, by announcing DACA, de-ferred action for childhood arrivals. To date, almost 700,000 young individuals have been protected from deportation. Since then, Democrats led the charge for comprehensive immigration reform to fix our Nation’s broken immigration system. The Senate passed bipartisan immi-gration reform in 2013, which was im-portant, but we now have people, such as the junior Senator from Florida, for example, who helped pass that legisla-tion, but once he started running for national office decided that everything he did in bringing that bill to the Sen-ate floor was wrong, and he has taken a 360-degree turn and said: I did all of that, but I guess I was wrong. We haven’t been able to get it out of the House, and now we have people such as the junior Senator from Florida who is denigrating his own bill. President Obama acted within his legal Executive authority to unite American families and strengthen our immigration system, including pro-tecting some adults with children in the United States from deportation. It is a longer story than that, but that is the short story. Energy and the environment. Cli-mate change is one of the greatest, if not the greatest threat, the world has ever known. Because of President Obama’s leadership, the world is on track to keep temperatures from rising and avoid the most catastrophic im-pact of climate change. By negotiating the historic Paris climate agreement, the President has crafted a version of clean energy and climate change for our country by establishing carbon emission standards on vehicles that help consumers save money on fuel for the first time by limiting carbon pollu-tion from powerplants. He established or expanded 19 na-tional monuments. Why? Because Re-publicans—bills we passed matter-of- factually here—always refused to allow us to have votes on them. So he moved forward, as he said he would do, with an Executive action for 19 national monuments. In Nevada, it includes the 750,000 acres of the Basin and Range National Monument, which is some-thing that is great and all Americans can share. The President believes these lands belong to all Americans and that our children and grandchildren should be able to enjoy the beauty and bounty of our country. Education. When President Obama took office, our Nation’s education sys-tem was in desperate need of reform. No Child Left Behind crippled schools around the country and graduation rates were at historic lows. One of the most important actions President Obama took through the recovery act was nearly $100 billion in aid for K–12 and higher education. Today students across the country have made tremendous progress. More students have graduated than ever be-fore, particularly low-income and mi-nority students. President Obama also took historic steps to address extreme levels of student debt in this country. By working with Democrats, President Obama created new programs to help college graduates manage their student debt by capping their loan payments by 10 percent of their income. We wanted to do more, but obstruction raised its ugly head and Republicans refused to allow us to do even more. Guns. Mass murders have taken place all over, and Nevada is no exception. It has happened there also. From the time he was elected President, Repub-licans have tried every means possible by working arm in arm and hand in hand with the NRA to stop everything the President has tried to accomplish. Even though more than 80 percent of the American people said there should be background checks for people who are crazy and criminals, it is not good enough for Republicans. They have still stopped us. The President tried to work with Re-publicans and they have refused. This has brought about his new efforts to use Executive action. Last week he did just that. He addressed the epidemic of gun violence in this country through legal Executive action. Republicans have blocked this action, even in the wake of cold-blooded mass murders in schools, houses of worship, movie thea-ters, and many other places. Tomorrow the President will deliver his final State of the Union Address to the American people. I look forward to hearing ways in which he plans to con-tinue and push our Nation forward dur-ing his last year in office. We will do everything in our power, as Democrats, to build on the strong legacy President Obama has established. We will con-tinue to fight to strengthen the middle class and working families by address-ing the mountain of student debt that saddles Americans’ higher education. We will continue fighting to increase the minimum wage. We will not rest until wages of women match the wages of their male counterparts, and we will continue to keep Wall Street account-able by prioritizing Main Street and protecting the good work the Dodd- Frank legislation did. As we begin this legislative session, I hope we will find in our Republicans a willing partner to protect and strengthen our Nation. I hope it is not wishful thinking, but it probably is. We stand ready to work with our Repub-lican colleagues to do what is right for the American people. 
f 
FEDERAL RESERVE TRANSPARENCY BILL Mr. REID. Mr. President, for years I have supported a responsible audit of the Federal Reserve System. The American people deserve an audit of one of the most vital parts of our gov-ernment. In the wake of the financial crisis that crippled our Nation’s econ-omy, I came to more fully understand how important it is that any audit re-spects the independence of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve is crucial to our economy recovering after the disastrous debacle on Wall Street. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.013 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7 January 11, 2016 
There were emergency provisions to address the catastrophes that only the Federal Reserve could respond to. They did it faster than the Congress could do it. Had the Federal Reserve not stepped in, the consequences of the great reces-sion would have been tremendously worse. It would have been worse than the Great Depression. This Federal Re-serve could act quickly to safeguard the national economy because of its independence, and it did just that. One of the lessons we learned from the great recession is that the Federal Reserve should not be hamstrung. It is a cornerstone of our global economy. We must maintain a Federal Reserve that is transparent, but we must also respect the independence of the Fed-eral Reserve in order to maintain the well-being of the global economy, and that is why we included an amendment to responsibly audit the Federal Re-serve while respecting its independ-ence. The amendment passed unani-mously. The bill which the Senate will vote on tomorrow, sponsored by the junior Senator from Kentucky, will critically undermine this delicate bal-ance. Wall Street reform ensured that the Government Accountability Office could audit the Federal Reserve, and in accordance with the law, the Govern-ment Accountability Office has carried out those audits. In the year after the passage of Dodd-Frank, the Federal Re-serve was audited 29 times. Since that time, the Federal Reserve has been au-dited 102 times. My colleagues don’t have to take my word for it. The 102 audits of the Fed-eral Reserve are available to everyone. All they have to do is look at the Fed-eral Reserve Website. Proponents of this bill know that. Their calls for au-dits have been answered. So let’s be clear. This bill is not about auditing the Federal Reserve. It is not about transparency or keeping the books for the Fed. The oversight already exists. This bill is about giving tea party Republicans and their bil-lionaire donors the ability to control the economy of the United States. It is an attack on policies that are designed to stabilize the U.S. economy and help the middle class bounce back. Political parties should not and can-not run monetary policy at the Federal Reserve. That would be disastrous. I am disappointed the Senate will waste its time on another misguided partisan attack such as this one. The bill is an attack on the Federal Reserve mandate to create full employment. These at-tacks are partisan in nature, and it is unconscionable to think that the Re-publican leader will begin this year at-tacking policies that benefit the mid-dle class. Some Republicans agree. Senator B
OBCORKER , chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and a member of the Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs Committee, said this of the audit the Fed bill: 
It’s obvious to me that the Audit the Fed effort is to not address auditing the Fed be-cause the Fed is audited. . . . to me it’s an attempt to allow Congress to be able to put pressure on Fed members relative to mone-tary policy. And I would just advocate that that would not be a particularly good idea and it would cause us to put off tough deci-sions for the future, like we currently are doing with budgetary matters. I agree with Senator C ORKER . Inject-ing politics into the Federal Reserve is a bad idea. This bill is a sham. We should dis-pense with it quickly, and we should do it—if there is any word quicker than quick, let’s do it that way. I will vote against the bill, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Will the Chair announce the business of the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I apologize to my friend, the assistant leader, for taking so much time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF FRANKLIN DELANO ROOSEVELT’S ‘‘FOUR FREEDOMS’’ SPEECH Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, tomor-row evening President Obama will come before Congress to deliver his an-nual State of the Union Address. America has changed a great deal since President Obama delivered his first State of the Union Address 7 years ago. We remember he inherited an economy in free fall. There was a real danger that the United States would face another Great Depression. Instead, we slid into a great recession. The President—President Obama—did all he could to bring our economy back to life. Recent economic indicators show that his strategy moved us in the right direction. More Americans are work-ing. We are seeing prosperity and op-portunity return. There are still chal-lenges ahead. We still face income in-equality, and there are many things we must do to make this a fairer nation when it comes to our economy, but we avoided a Great Depression because Americans are resilient and because our government, under the leadership of President Obama, had the courage to take bold action to help put Americans back to work and to invest in Amer-ica’s future when the private sector would not or could not. Our Union—and our future—is un-doubtedly stronger today than when the President first took office, and I look forward to tomorrow evening when we hear this President’s hopes and plans for his final year in service to our Nation. This afternoon I wish to take a few minutes to talk about another Presi-dent and an earlier State of the Union Address. It was 75 years ago, on Janu-ary 6, 1941, when President Franklin Delano Roosevelt traveled from the White House to Capitol Hill to deliver his annual message to the Nation. FDR had been reelected weeks earlier to an unprecedented third term as President. Despite historic reforms in progress, America was still battling the Great Depression he had inherited. Pearl Harbor was 11 months in the fu-ture. Understandably, many Americans wanted to believe that the war that was consuming Europe and beginning in the Pacific could remain their prob-lem over there, but Franklin Delano Roosevelt sensed that would not be the case. He could see America would in-evitably be drawn into this conflict. In addressing Congress, FDR pro-posed to make America the ‘‘arsenal of democracy.’’ He also urged Congress to create a new ‘‘lend lease’’ program, en-abling our historic ally, Great Britain, and their allies to withstand the as-sault of Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan. He did something else. FDR knew that in order for the Nation to face World War II, America needed to know not just what they would be fighting against but what they would be fight-ing for. So in some of the darkest days of World War II, with Adolf Hitler vow-ing to impose a new order on Europe at gunpoint, Franklin Roosevelt spoke of a moral order founded on four essential human freedoms that would be the right of every person everywhere. Those four freedoms he spoke of were the freedom of speech, the freedom of worship, the freedom from want, and the freedom from fear. Norman Rockwell was an amazing American. He was a great illustrator. It is interesting that he did so many cover drawings for great magazines of his time, such as the Saturday Evening Post. When he heard FDR’s ‘‘Four Freedoms’’ speech given to Congress, it inspired him to create images. Those images emerged after the original speech was given, and many people credit those images created by Norman Rockwell with allowing Americans to visualize what each of the four free-doms meant in very human terms. I brought copies of them to the floor because they so graphically illustrate the message which FDR delivered in his ‘‘Four Freedoms’’ speech. The freedom of speech. This Norman Rockwell illustration shows a working man standing and speaking his mind in a townhall meeting. Freedom of worship. This photo shows a group of people from different backgrounds, each praying to God—the God of his or her understanding. Freedom from want. This classic il-lustration shows a family gathered for a Thanksgiving feast. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.014 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8 January 11, 2016 
The last of the four freedoms is the freedom from fear. This illustration shows a mother and father looking at their sleeping children tucked safely into bed. In the coming struggle, President Roosevelt said, America would defend itself not just with arms but also with ‘‘the stamina and courage which comes from unshakeable belief in the manner of life that we are defending.’’ That is exactly what they did. During World War II, 16 million Americans—one out of every eight— put on a uniform and fought for the promise of the four freedoms. Tens of millions more Americans back home joined the fight by planting victory gardens, recycling everything from bacon grease to tin cans, serving as ‘‘soil soldiers’’ in the Civilian Con-servation Corps, and working in war munitions factories as Rosie the Riv-eters. After the war, the ‘‘greatest genera-tion,’’ as Tom Brokaw characterized them, may have given up their uni-forms, but they continued their fight for FDR’s four freedoms. From the ear-liest days of the Roosevelt administra-tion, Franklin and Eleanor had worked to rewrite the rules of America’s econ-omy to give average workers and fami-lies a fighting chance against powerful corporations and entrenched wealthy special interests. They strengthened labor unions to improve workers’ pay, working conditions, safety in the work-place, health care, retirement—things we take for granted today. After the war, the same Americans who had endured the hardships of the Depression and who had saved the world from tyranny went to work and laid the foundation for the creation of the largest middle class and the strong-est economy in the history of the world. They built new schools, new homes, new towns, an interstate high-way system. At the same time, more Americans began to challenge long-standing injustices based on race, creed, gender, and other distinctions. As the historian and author Harvey Kaye writes, under the leadership of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, America greatly ‘‘expanded the ‘we’ in ‘we the people.’’’ Under the leadership of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, Americans saved our Nation’s economy from ruin, saved the world from tyranny, and they did all this while making America freer, more equal, and more democratic than it had ever been. The promise of the four freedoms would inspire not only Americans, but it inspired the world. The four free-doms became part of the preamble to the United Nations ‘‘Universal Declara-tion of Human Rights.’’ That declara-tion, drafted by a committee chaired by the great stateswoman Eleanor Roo-sevelt, represents the first time in his-tory that nations around the world agreed to a list of human rights to be universally protected. My wife Loretta and I are honored to include among our friends Anna Elea-nor Roosevelt, FDR and Eleanor’s granddaughter. She lives in Maine now, but she spent most of her life living in my home State of Illinois. Similar to her grandparents, Anna Eleanor Roo-sevelt is full of optimism, energy, and a fierce love for this Nation. She has done so much to advance her grand-parents’ efforts to make America freer and fairer. I want to say to my friend Anna, America remembers and honors your grandparents’ legacy. We are a better Nation because of what their leadership and sacrifice meant to us. As we celebrate the 75th anniversary of FDR’s ‘‘Four Freedoms’’ speech, it is clear that we still have a lot of work to do to make the promise of the four freedoms real. Income inequality in America is greater today than at any time since just before the Great De-pression. There are many reasons for America’s growing economic inequal-ity, including globalization and tech-nology, but the biggest reason is nearly 40 years of deliberate political deci-sions to undo the progress of FDR’s New Deal and concentrate more and more income and wealth in the hands of the few. FDR was right when he said that ‘‘economic laws are not made by nature [but] by human beings.’’ I hope this year we can work to-gether to pass laws that will increase economic opportunity for all Ameri-cans, rebuild America’s middle class, and free more Americans from the fear of want. FDR said that we Americans believe in the four freedoms not just for our-selves but for our families, for those who vote as we do or look like we do, who live in our neighborhoods and at-tend our same houses of worship, but we believe in the four freedoms for ev-eryone everywhere. An America that believes in freedom of worship doesn’t allow one religious group to deny basic rights to others. Think about our Constitution, which each of us in the Senate is sworn to up-hold and defend. There are only three references in that great document to the issue of religion. The first is in the Bill of Rights to guarantee to each of us the right to believe as we wish or not to believe; second, that our govern-ment will never establish a religion; and, third, that there will never be a test for qualification for public office involving one’s religious beliefs. Making a religious test for public of-fice or even a religious test for immi-gration is inconsistent with those basic values—inconsistent with those four freedoms. Yet even in this Presidential campaign today, we hear candidates making that proposal. Freedom of speech means allowing others to speak, too, not shouting down those who think differently than we do. Democracy works better with dialogue, not monologues. Years ago when Loretta and I had our first baby, we faced some terrific med-ical challenges. Sadly, we had no health insurance. Let me state that as a new father, I was never more fright-ened in my life. Thanks to the Afford-able Care Act, ObamaCare, 17 million Americans and many millions of Amer-ican parents are now free from that fear, and they know that if this act is eliminated, as has been proposed by some politicians, there is no alter-native, there is no protection, and they will face the kind of fear no family should ever face. This year, instead of voting over and over to kill the Affordable Care Act, I am calling the other party to work to strengthen the law. This law isn’t per-fect, but together we can make the Af-fordable Care Act work better for all American families. Freedom fear also means that Ameri-cans shouldn’t have to worry about getting shot when they are playing in a park, sitting in a movie theater, or at-tending a Bible study class. Even in an election year, we ought to be able to find commonsense ways to protect Americans from the fear and reality of gun violence. We ought to be able to find a way to keep guns out of the wrong hands without undermining basic Second Amendment rights. We owe it to America’s families to try. Seventy-five years ago President Roosevelt saw that America would soon be drawn into war. While he didn’t live long enough to see America’s ulti-mate victory in World War II, his promise of the four freedoms helped achieve that victory. As we know, the war ended officially with Japan’s unconditional surrender aboard the USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay. A member of Japan’s delegation who attended the surrender went to the ceremony fully expecting to hear how the allies intended to take their venge-ance on the defeated Japanese people. Instead, he heard General MacArthur speak about the future of freedom for Japan. Years later, he wrote that it was at that ceremony that he under-stood that ‘‘we weren’t beaten on the battlefield by the dint of superior arms; we were defeated in the spiritual conquest by virtue of a nobler idea.’’ That idea—the inherent human dignity of every person—is the belief at the heart of the four freedoms. Those free-doms remain as powerful a weapon for peace and progress today as they were 75 years ago. I hope we will remember that this year. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the issue of gun violence and to commend the President for an-nouncing last week a set of common-sense steps to make our country safer. The need for action to reduce gun vi-olence in America is urgent. About 32,000 Americans are killed by guns each year. Every day on average 297 men, women, and children are shot, 89 of them fatally. Last year, by one count, there were at least 372 mass shooting incidents where 4 or more people were shot—more than one a day in America. In the city of Chicago 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.016 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S9 January 11, 2016 
alone last year, 2,939 people were in-jured by gunfire, and at least 88 people have been shot so far this year, 2016. The 468 homicides in Chicago last year sadly led the Nation—a number larger than the number of fatalities in the cities of New York or Los Angeles, which are much larger cities. There is an epidemic of gun violence in Amer-ica. Can you imagine if 32,000 Americans were dying each year from Ebola or from tainted drugs or at the hands of terrorists? Lawmakers would pull out all the stops to bring down those deaths. Compare the death toll from gun violence to the death toll from ter-rorism in the United States. According to the New America Foundation, since 9/11 a total of 93 people have been killed by terrorist incidents in America—48 have been killed by rightwing extrem-ists and 45 have been killed by Islamic terrorists. Americans are rightly con-cerned about the threat of ISIS ter-rorism, but we cannot ignore the threat posed by gun violence to the citizens of our Nation. Sadly, for years Members of Congress have just shrugged their shoulders as each day we hear another heart-breaking story of the victims of gun vi-olence. It is baffling to me that Con-gress refuses to do anything about gun violence, especially since the American people overwhelmingly on a bipartisan basis agree on commonsense steps that we should take. For example, about 90 percent of Americans agree that a background check should be conducted before a gun is sold. Background checks through what is known as the FBI NICS system help ensure that the buyer is not a con-victed felon, a domestic abuser, or a person with a history of serious mental instability or who is otherwise prohib-ited from buying a gun. Background checks work. Over 2 mil-lion gun sales have been denied to pro-hibited purchasers over the years. You think to yourself, why would a con-victed felon be so stupid as to go in and try to buy a gun when he faces a back-ground check? He does it anyway. They do it over and over, and 2 million times we have denied them weapons because they were prohibited by law because of their records. There are still loopholes that would allow many sales to take place without this basic background check, especially at gun shows and over the Internet. Think about how people made Christ-mas and holiday purchases this year. Many of us went to the Internet. That is exactly where people are going to buy firearms without background checks. When you have loopholes like these, it is easy to understand how dan-gerous people can get their hands on guns. Look at the way these loopholes have affected the city of Chicago. There is a flood of illegal guns coming into Chi-cago from Indiana, especially from Lake County, IN, which is right across the border from my State. Last Friday, the Chicago Tribune newspaper quoted Sheriff John Buncich of Lake County, IN, saying: 
Individuals are skirting federal law, espe-cially at these gun shows, whether they want to admit it or not. There’s a lot of illegal gun sales. 
The Tribune article went on to say: 
Buncich stressed he supports Second Amendment rights and doesn’t want to take guns from people. He noted, however, that hundreds of guns from Lake County show up in Chicago crimes every year. ‘‘We need to do something to stem the violence,’’ Buncich said. ‘‘It’s not going to hurt the law-abiding citizen.’’ 
Last year I met with the head of the Chicago Field Division of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explo-sives, the Federal agency charged with enforcing our gun laws. He told me that in the highest crime neighbor-hoods of Chicago, when they con-fiscated the crime guns after the act, they found that as much as 40 percent of those crime guns were coming in from Indiana. Here is an example of how it happens. In 2014 a man named David Lewisbey of South Holland, IL, was sentenced for illegally trafficking hundreds of guns from Indiana to Chicago. The U.S. at-torney’s office said that over a 4-year period, Lewisbey ‘‘routinely traveled to various gun shows in Indiana and pur-chased duffle bags full of guns that he brought back to Chicago.’’ Lewisbey used a forged signature to procure an Indiana driver’s license, and that was all he needed to fill up the trunk of his car with ammunition and guns and to drive that Skyway over into the State of Illinois and to sell those guns in Chi-cago to kill innocent people. During just one 48-hour period in 2012, Lewisbey bought 43 guns in Indi-ana and delivered them to a convicted felon on Chicago’s South Side. Does anyone believe he had a Second Amendment right to buy 43 guns with an illegal ID and sell them to a con-victed felon in Chicago? I hope not. If everyone who sells guns for profit at Indiana gun shows had conducted background checks, it is highly un-likely that a trafficker like this would be able to get away with this for years. The system would have caught him. But because of the loopholes in the sys-tem, the weaknesses in the law, this in-dividual was able to avoid detection and literally supply hundreds of crime guns in Chicago. Of course we know what happened to those guns—they turned into tragedy and havoc in the neighborhoods around that great city. I listened so many times when critics said: Well, look at Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the Nation, and look at all that gun violence. Here it is: in some parts of Chicago up to 40 percent of those crime guns are coming across the border with no background checks and sold in alley-ways and dark corridors of our city. That isn’t because of weak or ineffec-tive Illinois and Chicago laws; it is be-cause of our inability to make the Fed-eral law stronger. Let’s be clear. Background checks are not a heavy burden for law-abiding gun owners. At most, they would cause a short delay in buying a gun. But when we have gaping holes in the back-ground check system, we are basically handing guns to criminals on a silver platter. Sadly, this Congress has so far failed to even address this problem. We weren’t able to overcome a Republican filibuster of the Manchin-Toomey leg-islation in 2013. We tried again last month and fell short again. The President decided to do what he can within his lawful authority to close gaps in the system. Last week the President put forth guidance that makes clear that you can be engaged in the business of selling firearms even if you aren’t a storefront operation. For too long people who sell guns for profit at gun shows or online have been able to avoid the requirement to conduct background checks. They were claim-ing they were just selling guns as a hobby. This man bought 43 guns at a gun show as a hobby and sold them to convicted felons in Chicago. The Presi-dent’s guidance makes clear that if you are repetitively buying or selling guns for profit, you need to get a gun dealer license and do background checks or you are breaking the law. Of course, the President’s actions won’t close the gun show and Internet loopholes altogether. That would take an act of Congress. But the President has made a move in the right direction, and it will help. The President took other important steps last week—clearly within his con-stitutional authority—that will help save lives. He is working to make the background check system faster by adding more FBI examiners and im-proving the system’s technology. A faster system could have stopped the Charleston church shooter who killed nine worshippers last year in a horrific terrorist attack. This person was able to buy a gun under another loophole in the law because the background check hadn’t been finished in 3 days. The de-fault position, if you haven’t cleared a background check, is that the gun is sold to you. That meant that this man picked up the gun when the back-ground check wasn’t completed and went out and caused this mayhem and took so many innocent lives. The President is also strengthening the reporting requirements so law en-forcement will know when guns are lost or stolen during shipment. The administration is redoubling its efforts to improve mental health serv-ices and to make sure the background check system has complete records on those found to be mentally unstable. Finally, the President has sponsored research on gun safety technology. This is critical. Right now we have se-curity features on our phones, com-puters, and cars to prevent thieves and unauthorized people from using them. Similar technology is available today so that an unauthorized user will not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.017 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES10 January 11, 2016 
be able to fire a gun. That means a per-son can’t steal a gun and resell it and a kid can’t play with a gun and hurt himself or someone else. For reasons that cannot be explained, the gun lobby opposes gun safety tech-nology, even calling for a boycott of any company that uses it. Now this ad-ministration is going to use its re-search dollars and purchasing power to promote safer gun technology. This could be a game changer when it comes to preventing gun accidents and deter-ring illegal trafficking. I commend the President for the rea-sonable, commonsense steps he has taken to combat the epidemic of gun violence. The steps he announced will not prevent all gun deaths—no single measure can—but they will help. I hope my colleagues in Congress will not take a step backward and try to undermine these basic, commonsense reforms with riders or appropriations restrictions. I am going to fight hard against the gun lobby if they try. I hope Congress will instead move for-ward, finish the job on background checks, and do all we can to reduce the high toll of gun violence in our commu-nities. Over the weekend, I was visiting with friends and former colleague Mark Pryor of Arkansas. I went down to Stuttgart, AR. Anyone who is a duck hunter in the Midwest or in America knows the name of that town. Stutt-gart, AR, is probably the capital of duck hunting in the Midwest or in the United States. The local radio station there is KWAK, giving an idea of their commitment to duck season 60 days of the year when Stuttgart comes to life with hunters from all over the United States and all over the world. Saturday afternoon I went to the largest sporting goods store, Mac’s, and watched hundreds of men and some women in camouflage clothes getting ready to go out for the duck hunt. For them, it is not only a rite of passage, it is a way of life. They love it. You see the camouflage on everything in sight. Of course, when you go into Mac’s, there are plenty of firearms for sale and other equipment that is needed so that you can hunt effectively and safe-ly. You go in the store, and if you want to be a duck hunter in Arkansas, you first have to buy a license, which I did. Then you go through the ritual of mak-ing sure you have all the right equip-ment and getting ready to go out to hunt for ducks. There is not a single thing proposed by President Obama that will in any way slow down or stop those men and women who want to legally use their firearms for that sport—nothing. What the President is trying to do is to stop convicted felons and people who are so mentally unstable that they shouldn’t be able to buy a firearm from having that opportunity. It turns out an overwhelming major-ity of firearm owners agree with the President. You would never know it, would you, as you hear every single Re-publican Presidential candidate con-demn President Obama’s actions. What a chasm there is in the culture between the people who are firearm owners and who enjoy that opportunity and responsibility and those who are on the political scene and ignore the fact that to preserve that right we should pass commonsense changes in the law to make them even more effec-tive and make certain that people who misuse firearms do not have that op-portunity. I hope to work with my colleagues in the Senate and both political parties to achieve the goal of protecting the rights of those who use firearms le-gally, safely, and responsibly within the confines of the law and to stop the illicit trafficking of guns that are tak-ing over 30,000 lives each and every year. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP Mr. BROWN. Madam President, after months of delay, last fall we finally were able to see the text of the Trans- Pacific Partnership, text that cor-porate lobbyists had access to long be-fore the American people and Members of Congress and their staffs did. After examining the provisions in this deal, it is clear that far too many of these provisions sell out American workers and American jobs. In the months leading up to the re-lease of this deal, I warned that too often our trade agreements as far back as NAFTA and the Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China—not a trade agreement per se, but it had the same effect in many ways—the Central American Free Trade Agreement, the South Korea Free Trade Agreement— these trade agreements amounted to corporate handouts and worker sellouts. I warned our negotiators that they needed to do more to ensure that the deal created a truly level playing field for American workers and Amer-ican businesses. Unfortunately, that is not what happened, particularly when it comes to standing up for the Amer-ican auto industry. We hear often about the supposed op-portunities that trade agreements will create: opportunities for more jobs, op-portunities for small business, opportu-nities for more exports, and for eco-nomic growth. But when I look at the Trans-Pacific Partnership, I don’t see these actual—let’s call them offensive opportunities—and by ‘‘offensive op-portunities’’ I mean opportunities for American products to break into new markets. This is not just playing de-fense, but playing offense so that we can export into these new markets. Cheerleaders for this agreement— whether it is the Wall Street Journal editorial page, most Republicans in the Senate, or whether it is Republican leadership in the House, whether it is corporate CEOs or whether it is the White House—say that new markets will be opened for American cars, but we have heard these empty promises before. Under TPP, many of these new mar-kets will not be opened day one—as in the case of Malaysia and Vietnam. They won’t be open in day two or year one or year two. It will be more than a decade until American automakers have full access to these closed mar-kets. The TPP will do nothing to level the playing field with our top competitor, Japan, or to change Japan’s distinction as the most closed auto market in the world. We know it has been that in the past. We know it is that today. There is nothing in here that would change or open Japan’s market, to sell into the Japanese auto market. Carmakers in Ohio and carmakers across the country will compete with huge numbers of Japanese imports. We don’t have it today, and under TPP we won’t have the same opportunity to ex-port to Japan. That is because for dec-ades Japan has used barriers other than tariffs to keep their markets closed. Tariffs are one way. They charge huge tariffs, causing the price of the product that you import—let’s say into Japan—to be too high for the Japanese to afford, but that is not what Japan does. Their tariffs are al-ready at zero, so an agreement on tar-iffs will do nothing to create a level playing field. Japan keeps our products out in much more creative ways than tariffs. We have seen this in the wake of the Korean Free Trade Agreement. Even after our trading partners promised to remove these barriers to allow Amer-ican cars into their market, they often don’t. Opening up Japan’s market didn’t work in the 1980s, it didn’t work in the 1990s, and it didn’t seem that it will be any different under the Trans- Pacific Partnership. If there aren’t new offensives— offensives in the sense of selling into those countries—then I would expect our negotiations at least make sure this trade agreement protected Amer-ican carmakers and workers from a flood of cheap foreign competition. I would hope they made sure the benefits of the agreement would only go toward its members who have been part of the negotiating process and made conces-sions, but it is not. It is not just the TPP countries. That is now how I read the text, par-ticularly when it comes to something called the rules of origin for autos. These rules of origin provide provisions to determine how much of a car is made in the TPP region, and TPP rules are weaker than NAFTA’s. That means how much of the car is actually made in the TPP countries, how much of the car must be made in the TPP countries to count as a TPP product. That means 62.5 percent of a vehicle must be made in the NAFTA region in order for it to qualify for the benefits of the NAFTA agreement. But only 45 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.019 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S11 January 11, 2016 
percent—much less than NAFTA and in some cases even less than that—of a car has to be made in the TPP region to qualify for the benefits of the agree-ment. Think about that. Under TPP, less than half a car has to be made in TPP countries, which include Canada, Mexico, and the United States, to re-ceive the benefits of TPP. So what does that mean? That means more than half of the components in the car—more than half of the car—can be made in China. So China can back-door much of its supply chain into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Then these cars, mostly made in China, will get the benefits of the Trans-Pacific Part-nership, even though they aren’t in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. As more countries join TPP, that 45-percent rule will become an even weaker stand-ard, and fewer and fewer of our cars will come from the U.S. auto supply chain. I never thought I would be able to say this, but this agreement makes NAFTA—an agreement I fought hard to defeat 20 years ago—look good. TPP’s auto rules were written for Jap-anese automakers to the benefit of China and at the expense of American auto jobs. TPP will jeopardize the livelihoods of thousands of Americans, including up to 600,000 Ohioans, whose jobs depend on the U.S. auto supply chain. These aren’t just statistics. We are talking about real workers in real plants in real companies in real communities, in Ohio and across the country, with bills to pay and families to feed. They fought hard to bring the Amer-ican auto industry back to life. Their hard work made the auto rescue a suc-cess. Last year, 2015, was a record year for automakers. We can’t pull the rug out from under them now with a trade deal that sells out American auto jobs. Think of what we have done. In 2010, only—maybe fewer than this—10 mil-lion vehicles were made in the United States. Today that number is close to 17 million. Chrysler posted 7 percent gains in sales last year. GM and Ford were not far behind with 5 percent. I am proud to say the best-selling Amer-ican vehicle for 34 years running, the Ford-150, runs on engines produced in Lima, OH. Five years ago the American President, President Obama, did the right thing when he personally com-mitted to saving the American auto in-dustry. If you ask people in Ohio, in Toledo, in Avon Lake, in Cleveland, in Warren, in Lordstown, they know how impor-tant the auto rescue was. We were los-ing hundreds of thousands of jobs a month at the beginning of President Obama’s term. Since the auto rescue, the next year—we have seen job growth in this country for 70 months in a row, 70 consecutive months of job growth starting with the auto rescue. Now I hope the President will do the right thing again and go back to the drawing board on the aspects of this trade deal that we know will cost American auto jobs. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY 
OFFICER SHAWN BAKR AND DEPUTY SONNY  
SMITH  
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, this past Saturday, January 9, was Law En-forcement Appreciation Day, a day set aside to honor the men and women who work in law enforcement, keeping our communities safe and enforcing the rule of law, which underpins any free and just society. Recently we have heard a great deal about controversies and scrutiny surrounding law enforce-ment in many parts of our country. It is easy to be distracted by these sto-ries, but it is important to remember that many are inaccurate, and even the true ones are the exception, not the rule. The rule is officers such as Little Rock Police Officer Shawn Bakr. On Saturday, Officer Bakr spent his Law Enforcement Appreciation Day and his night off working as a security guard at a local restaurant. During his shift, three armed men entered a restaurant and pointed a gun at an employee in an attempted robbery. Officer Bakr’s law enforcement instincts kicked in, and he reacted with calm dispatch. He con-fronted the suspects, who subsequently shot him in the shoulder, yet he brave-ly managed to return fire and injure one of the robbers. The other two sus-pects fled but have since been appre-hended after a standoff with Little Rock police earlier today. The rule is also county sheriffs such as Johnson County Reserve Deputy Sonny Smith, who died in the line of duty last year after he was shot while responding to a burglary. Deputy Smith confronted danger head-on to protect his fellow Arkansans, and he gave the full measure of devotion to duty that only those called to serve in the front lines can fully understand. The rule is also the large group of Deputy Smith’s law enforcement col-leagues who stood to the right of the stage, just hours after his death—a place typically reserved for parents— and saluted during his son’s high school graduation ceremony so he would feel the support and love of the law enforcement community to which his dad belonged. As a soldier in Iraq and Afghanistan, my soldiers and I knew what it meant to face our enemy head-on, but at the end of our tours, we went home. Many of us worked in much less dangerous jobs at military bases around the coun-try until our next tour or we left the service. For law enforcement officers, there is no end to the tour. They take risks every single day, often for the lengths of their careers. Officer Bakr’s and Deputy Smith’s actions are heroic by any definition, but to them and to countless other law enforcement offi-cers across the country, that is simply part of the job description. Each day that they go to work, our law enforce-ment personnel around the country put themselves in harm’s way to keep us and our communities safe. So to all of our law enforcement offi-cers, the men and women who serve with the selfless dedication of Shawn Bakr and Sonny Smith, thank you for your service and for your sacrifice. May God bless you and your families and keep you safe. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
f 
REMEMBERING DALE BUMPERS Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I am here today with my colleague Sen-ator C
OTTON to honor Dale Bumpers, a longtime advocate of Arkansas, who passed away on January 1 at the age of 90 after a long life of dedicated public service. He was a soldier and a statesman who came from the small town of Charles-ton, AR. He did things not because of political pressure but because he be-lieved they were the right things to do. He had a good foundation to under-stand the needs of Arkansans. He was a businessman, taking over operations at his father’s former hardware, furniture, and appliance store, and he was a rancher and an attorney in Charleston, serving, as his memoirs indicate, as ‘‘the best lawyer in a one-lawyer town.’’ Following the Supreme Court’s deci-sion in the 1954 case Brown v. Board of Education, which outlawed segregation in schools, he advised compliance with the ruling, making it the first school district in the South to fully integrate. He ran against incumbent Governor Winthrop Rockefeller to become the 38th Governor of the State of Arkansas. Four years later, he defeated longtime Senator William Fulbright in a pri-mary before winning a seat in the Sen-ate, a position he held for 24 years. He served as the chairman of the com-mittee on small business from 1987 to 1994 and has a long list of accomplish-ments. While he ended his Senate service more than a decade before I started serving in this Chamber, my colleagues who served alongside him regularly re-call their memories of Senator Bump-ers, a legendary orator who had a true gift for public speaking and who would tell stories in a way only a Southern gentleman with a keen sense of humor from smalltown Arkansas could. He was passionate about his convictions and spoke from his heart about mat-ters that he believed in. In tributes to him on the floor during the last days of the 105th Congress, his colleagues de-scribed him as one of the most re-spected Members of this body. He was a champion of the environment, a sup-porter of the National Institutes of Health, funding the fight against HIV and AIDS, and a constant proponent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.020 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES12 January 11, 2016 
for Arkansans. You could tell by all of the things that bear his name—the White River National Wildlife Refuge, the Dale Bumpers National Rice Re-search Center. His impact on Arkansas agriculture was recognized by the Uni-versity of Arkansas board of trustees, who renamed the college of agriculture the ‘‘Dale Bumpers College of Agri-culture, Food and Life Sciences.’’ These are just a few of the many things in Arkansas that reflect his dedication and commitment to our State. Senator Bumpers leaves behind a leg-acy of public service, civic responsi-bility, and accomplishments that has undoubtedly made Arkansas a better place to live. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, today I am proud to join my fellow Senator from Arkansas, J
OHN BOOZ-
MAN, in recognizing Senator Dale Bumpers’ service, as well as our major-ity leader and other Senators who are reminiscing about Senator Bumpers, who passed away earlier this month. Arkansas lost one of its most distin-guished public servants when former Senator and Governor Dale Bumpers died at the age of 90. As both a Gov-ernor and Senator, Dale Bumpers’ tire-less dedication to our State began be-fore I was born and spanned many dec-ades. As someone who grew up with Dale Bumpers already in the Senate and who was unable to ever vote for him, I asked my mom Avis about her memo-ries of Senator Bumpers. Like so many, she was quick to remember the oratory skills for which he was so famous—not only in Arkansas but also in Wash-ington and in the Senate, which has had its share of famous orators over its history. But she also had fond memo-ries of him on a personal scale as well from the Mount Nebo Chicken Fry, an annual event just outside my home-town of Dardanelle. In the early 1970s, as a young Governor, Senator Bump-ers—then Governor Bumpers—always made it to our chicken fry. And if it weren’t for a few obvious clues—such as a State trooper or local photog-raphers taking pictures—you wouldn’t have even known he was the top execu-tive of our State, so humble and friend-ly was he to all the fairgoers. He spent time with each person there and made everyone feel like they had his full at-tention—the full attention of our Gov-ernor. It is an honor to stand here today in the same institution from which he did so much great work for the State of Arkansas. Senator Bumpers was an Ar-kansas institution himself, and his leg-acy has outlived his tenure in office. We are grateful for his service and commitment to Arkansas. My thoughts and prayers are with the Bumpers fam-ily and with all Arkansans, whom he so faithfully served. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
THEODORE ROOSEVELT NATIONAL PARK Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, western North Dakota is getting a lot of attention these days because of its vibrant energy economy. But people also need to know about the spectac-ular landscape and natural beauty that thrives side by side with energy devel-opment in my home State. So I want to speak today for a few minutes about a remarkable asset in my home State of North Dakota that was highlighted this past weekend in the New York Times. The Times ranked Theodore Roo-sevelt National Park in western North Dakota as fifth on its list of 52 world-wide destinations to visit in 2016. Only Mexico City, Bordeaux in France, the Mediterranean island of Malta, and the Caribbean city of Coral Bay St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands ranked ahead of Theodore Roosevelt National Park. Tim Neville for the New York Times wrote of the park: 
Few presidents have done as much for con-servation as Teddy Roosevelt. Fly into Dick-inson in western North Dakota to visit the park named after him, where rolling grass-lands dotted with bison collapse into the spectacular red, white and gold badlands of tumbling mud coulees. 
The more than 70,000-square-acre park consists of three parts: The south unit, which is the largest of the two units, the north unit, and the site of Roosevelt’s Elkhorn Ranch, which lies between the north and south units. The Little Missouri River meanders through all three sections of the park. Roosevelt captured a colorful picture of life on the Elkhorn Ranch in his 1885 book called ‘‘Hunting Trips of a Ranch-man.’’ 
My home ranch-house stands on the river brink. From the low, longer veranda, shaded by leafy cotton-woods, one looks across sand bars and shallows to a strip of meadowland, behind which rises a line of sheer cliffs and grassy plateaus. This veranda is a pleasant place in the summer evenings when a cool breeze stirs along the river and blows in the faces of the tired men, who loll back in their rocking-chairs (what true American does not enjoy a rocking-chair?), book in hand— though they do not often read the books, but rock gently to and fro, gazing sleepily out at the weird-looking buttes opposite, until their sharp outlines grow indistinct and pur-ple in the after-glow of the sunset. 
Theodore Roosevelt National Park has preserved what Roosevelt saw more than a century ago. For that reason, it gets half a million visitors a year, but more should come to see it, and I be-lieve more will as a result of the New York Times list. Speaking of New York, the Times was the right venue to highlight Teddy Roosevelt’s National Park because Teddy Roosevelt was a native son of New York, born in the heart of Manhattan at the dawn of the age of concrete canyons and bustling growth. More than 135 years ago, he fled the hectic pace of New York for the soli-tude of North Dakota’s western Bad-lands on a hunting trip. During that trip—his first to what was then called the Dakota Territory—he was so taken with the land that he bought a ranch before he left for home. Within a year, back at home in New York, however, tragedy struck in a cruel way. Both Roosevelt’s wife and his mother died in the same House on the same day. He was crushed, but being a man of action, he sought to re-direct his grief by throwing himself into a new adventure—cattle ranching in North Dakota. He went west and built the Elkhorn Ranch on a plot of land that is now part of the Theodore Roosevelt National Park. Roosevelt long acknowledged his debt to North Dakota. He said: ‘‘I have always said I would not have been President had it not been for my expe-rience in North Dakota. . . . It was here that the romance of my life began.’’ That romance is still alive and well in western North Dakota. I invite trav-elers from around the world to visit us and see what the New York Times de-scribed as a ‘‘century of protecting America’s magnificence.’’ f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH DA-KOTA STATE UNIVERSITY BISON FOOTBALL TEAM Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, while I have the floor, if I might, I wish to shift gears. I know the Presiding Of-ficer is a sports fan and that in her State they have many wonderful sports teams—football, basketball, and cer-tainly the University of Iowa had an outstanding year this year. I certainly wish to commend them, compliment them on their great team. As a matter of fact, the team I am going to talk about next is going to play that team. I think it is our first or second game of the year next year. I am looking for-ward to it. I know the Presiding Officer is looking forward to it very much as well, when the North Dakota State University Bison play the University of Iowa. I don’t know if the Presiding Of-ficer is—I am sure she is a fan of the University of Iowa and Iowa State and Northern Iowa. They are all great sports programs. I don’t know which one is her favorite and may not want to say, but we played Iowa State a few years ago. We play Northern Iowa every year. We have a great rivalry with Northern Iowa. Northern Iowa has a wonderful program—football and bas-ketball. We enjoy playing them every year. This year it looks like they have a very good basketball team and are to be commended on beating North Caro-lina, the Tar Heels. We will certainly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.023 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S13 January 11, 2016 
want to mention that to our col-leagues. I am sure the Presiding Officer probably already has. North Dakota State plays Iowa every year and played Iowa State a few years back and we are very much looking forward to playing the University of Iowa. I wish to take a minute to speak about a resolution I will submit. I am going to talk about it now. The resolu-tion is on behalf of the North Dakota State University Bison, which won a historic fifth consecutive NCAA Divi-sion I FCS national football champion-ship on Saturday. Led by coach Chris Klieman, quarterback Carson Wentz, and a solid defensive effort, the Bison clinched the title 37 to 10 over a very talented team from Jacksonville State. The Gamecocks were truly great oppo-nents. They played a fine game, and we congratulate them on a tremendous season as well. With Saturday’s win, the Bison be-came the first football team in the modern era of college football to win five consecutive championships—five titles in a row. The championships aren’t won in a single game but as a re-sult of years of hard work. The Bison overcame injury and adversity to make it back to the title game, and we are tremendously proud of our team, our players, the program, and all of their accomplishments. It was a thrill for my wife Mikey and me to join Bison Nation down in Fris-co. The game was in Frisco, TX—a wonderful venue for the game. Having a dedicated fan base helped make their stadium feel a lot like one of our home games at the FARGODOME. It is an amazing experience. The game started with a flyover of a B–52 bomber from the Minot North Da-kota Air Force Base. In addition to the thousands of dedicated NDSU fans, Thundar, the Bison mascot, and Corso, an actual bison—an unofficial mascot of the team—made the 1,000-mile trek down to Texas. The Bison had a loyal crew cheering them on, and it helped make this ‘‘drive for five’’ season very memorable. Five championships in a row is un-precedented. I want to congratulate the entire Bison community—NDSU’s leaders, the coaches, the staff, and these tremendous student athletes, as well as Bison Nation, a wonderful loyal following wherever the Bison team goes. In recognition, I will submit the fol-lowing resolution in their honor: 
Whereas the North Dakota State Univer-sity (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NDSU’’) Bison won the 2015 National Colle-giate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Football Championship Subdivision title game in Frisco, Texas, on January 9, 2016, in a decisive victory over the Jacksonville State Gamecocks by a score of 37 to 10; Whereas NDSU has won 13 NCAA football championships; Whereas NDSU has now won five consecu-tive NCAA Football Championships since 2011, an extraordinary and record-setting achievement in modern collegiate football history; Whereas the NDSU Bison have displayed tremendous resilience and skill over the past 5 seasons, with 71 wins to only 5 losses, in-cluding a streak of 33 consecutive winning games; Whereas thousands of Bison fans attended the championship game, reflecting the tre-mendous spirit and dedication of Bison Na-tion that has helped propel the success of the team; and Whereas the 2015 NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision title was a vic-tory not only for the NDSU football team, but also for the entire State of North Da-kota: Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the North Dakota State University Bison football team as the 2015 champion of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Champion-ship Subdivision; (2) commends the North Dakota State Uni-versity players, coaches, and staff for their hard work and dedication on a historic sea-son and for fostering a continuing tradition of athletic and academic excellence; and (3) recognizes the students, alumni, and the loyal fans who supported the Bison in their quest to capture a fifth consecutive Di-vision I national championship trophy for North Dakota State University. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I understand that later today the House of Representatives will vote to pass a reform of the Freedom of Information Act, which is often referred to by its acronym, FOIA. I wish to say a few words about that legislation. I applaud the effort of the House. I have long believed that it is really im-portant to make sure that the people who actually pay the bills and whom we serve know what government is doing on their behalf. Thus the name of the legislation signed by President Johnson many years ago is the Free-dom of Information Act. Too often here in Washington, DC, the people in charge of the information seem to view it as proprietary, as if it were theirs. In a political culture where information is power, they don’t want to share that information with the people who actu-ally own it and are the ones who hold the elected officials accountable. An open government is really one of the first prerequisites to a free society, and that is because an open and accessible government is absolutely necessary for Americans to hold their elected offi-cials accountable. Our Founding Fathers, of course, rec-ognized that a truly democratic system depends on an informed citizenry, but Americans cannot do that without the information and transparency that these laws provide. Former Justice William Brandeis fa-mously said that ‘‘sunlight is the best disinfectant.’’ I must say, as a person who is conservative, that I believe that rather than passing a bunch of new laws, one of the things we can do to change the behavior here in Wash-ington is to shine a light on the actions of elected officials and the government. When elected officials know that the public is informed and watching, it changes the way people behave, and it usually changes it for the better. Con-gress has passed numerous pieces of legislation that promote this account-ability and transparency of govern-ment since President Johnson signed the Freedom of Information Act into law so that good leadership and good governance can flourish. During my time in the Senate and previously when I was the attorney general of Texas, I made government transparency a priority. I pressed for more openness in the Federal Govern-ment through commonsense legisla-tion. During the process, I found a partner in those efforts in the Senate. He is somebody who is my ideological opposite, and that is Senator PAT L
EAHY of Vermont. Senator L
EAHY and I both embrace the fact that most of the time elected officials and government officials want to trumpet their successes and they want to hide their failures. But the American people deserve to know the good, the bad, and the ugly, and to apply the correctives that are within their power, either in changing those officials or holding those officials ac-countable. So the legislation that is going to pass the House later today is similar to what we have already passed here in the Senate Judiciary Committee by voice vote in February. It requires Fed-eral agencies to operate under a pre-sumption of openness when considering the release of government information under the Freedom of Information Act. Texas law, for example, presumes that public information held by government is presumptively open. If there is some reason why it should not be disclosed— let’s say classified materials or what-ever—then it is incumbent upon the agency to raise those concerns and then to have those concerns decided in the process of administering those laws. But the idea is also to reduce the overuse of exemptions to withhold in-formation from the public. I hope this Chamber will soon join our colleagues in the House to consider this important legislation. There may be some things we need to do to fine-tune it. I certainly under-stand that on national security, for ex-ample, or things involving proprietary information—trademark protections and property protections—there may be some areas where we have to make some slight changes. But, essentially, this presumption of openness is impor-tant to the functioning of our demo-cratic form of government, and I look forward to our passing the law that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.025 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES14 January 11, 2016 
will be passed by the House Chamber later today. 
f 
GUN CONTROL AND MENTAL ILLNESS Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, the main reason I come to the floor today is to talk about the President’s most recent Executive action, this time im-plementing gun control measures that won’t actually solve any of the prob-lems they purport to fix and that pur-posely go around Congress and ignore the will of the American people. To my mind, this is one of the most aggra-vating things about Washington, DC, and about how business is done here. People make symbolic acts claiming that we have to ‘‘do something’’ but don’t actually focus on a solution that actually helps make the problem bet-ter. None of the President’s proposals ac-tually would reduce any of the horrific incidents of gun violence we have seen, and that is a shame because there are bipartisan proposals that have been made that actually would help. But it is only when the President works with the Congress, as the Constitution re-quires, before a bill can become law. In his eagerness to go it alone, of course, the President has forsaken the con-stitutional process and bypassed the electorate in trying to make new pol-icy. He presumably is doing this as a hall-mark of his tenure, and it will some-how be a legacy of his time as Presi-dent. But the fact of the matter is Ex-ecutive action signed by this President will not survive his own Presidency un-less it is actually made into law, and then, of course, it would require an-other act of Congress to overcome it. That is something this President doesn’t seem to recognize. When he gets frustrated with the pace at which Congress takes up legislation—for ex-ample, the immigration issue—he de-cides to unilaterally issue an Executive action—which does what? Well, he of-fers Executive actions as a solution to a problem. But, in fact, what it does is it buys a lawsuit and it gets caught up in litigation, which is going to take years to resolve and ultimately doesn’t provide any relief to the very people the President claims to want to help. So as a result of the President’s im-patience and his eagerness to go it alone, he is actually forsaking the con-stitutional process that builds con-sensus and actually creates durable policies that will survive this Presi-dent’s own administration. This isn’t just an isolated event, as I mentioned a moment ago. According to one media report, the Obama adminis-tration aims to push almost 4,000 new regulations during his last year as President. But with his announcement last week, President Obama made clear he has little interest in working with Congress. That is actually his job—to work with Congress, to work with us to try to find consensus and to build dura-ble solutions to the problems that con-front our Nation. It also demonstrates his lack of regard for fundamental con-stitutional rights as spelled out in the Constitution itself. Of course, I am talking about the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. I found his rhetoric particularly per-plexing. First, he blamed the Congress for inaction. He said: ‘‘Congress still needs to act.’’ Well, actually, if what he was doing was going to solve the problem, why would Congress still need to act? So to me it is an admission that he knows that this is mere symbolism and it doesn’t actually solve the prob-lem that he says exists. So he said Congress still needs to act on gun control measures, and he claimed that this legislative body—the Congress—is simply not being respon-sive to the will of the American people. He even said that he feels compelled to act without consulting Congress be-cause America doesn’t ‘‘have a Con-gress that is in line with the majority of Americans.’’ In other words, the President said the people of this country are demand-ing more symbolic gun control laws, not less. But that is not what the polling shows, the best indicator of what peo-ple are actually thinking—other than what the Presiding Officer hears from her constituents in Iowa and I hear from my constituents in Texas. Those are the best ways to know what people are thinking. In a poll done by the Wall Street Journal and NBC News this fall, more than half of the respondents said that the President’s party’s position on gun control was ‘‘outside the main-stream.’’ Only 38 percent said that it was ‘‘within the mainstream.’’ It is also critical to point out that, as many media reports have indicated, the President’s measures would not have stopped any of the mass violence incidents that have tragically struck American communities over the last few years. So my response to the President is this: If he is actually serious about try-ing to solve problems rather than just issue symbolic proclamations, he needs to roll up his sleeves and he needs to work with us to move legislation for-ward that focuses on the commonsense thread found in many of these mass in-cidents, and that has to do with the mental health issue. This is the 800- pound gorilla in the room that the President doesn’t want to talk about. The chairman of the Senate Judici-ary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , has made it quite clear that this is the one issue where we could actually find con-sensus and help provide assistance to families and communities to help peo-ple from becoming a danger to them-selves as well as the communities in which they live. We know from the facts of the cases that many times the mental health of the shooter has played a role in many of these tragedies, and it must be ad-dressed. Many Americans, of course, agree. I think, for example, of Adam Lanza, who was the shooter at Sandy Hook in Connecticut. He was so men-tally ill that he was a recluse in his own home, and the only thing his mother found she could engage him in was going out to a shooting range. Yet he basically stole his mother’s own weapons, killed her, and then trag-ically went to Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed a number of innocent children. If he and she had been able to get some additional help—gotten him to a doctor and gotten him on medica-tions that could have helped him from this increasing mental illness—then perhaps things would have turned out differently. That is speculation on all our parts, but perhaps treating the mental illness will actually reduce the likelihood that people will succumb to an impulse to do harm to themselves and to their communities. According to a poll released just last week, more than 70 percent of Ameri-cans said they believe that better ac-cess to mental health treatment and screening would reduce these incidents of violence. I am part of that 70 per-cent. I firmly believe that time and again we are confronted with mental illness crises that go untreated and turn into tragic headlines. We can’t re-sponsibly stand by any longer and watch this pattern repeat itself. That is why last year I introduced a piece of legislation that was my effort to try to begin this conversation and this discus-sion here in the Senate. There are other ideas. The chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, Senator ALEX-
ANDER , and the ranking member, Sen-ator M
URRAY , are working on some mental health reform legislation. Con-gressman T
IMMURPHY in the House has worked on a comprehensive bill, and in the Senate Dr. B
ILLCASSIDY is working on that legislation. My legislation, hopefully, will help contribute to the conversation and help us build that consensus that is so important. The legislation I have introduced would improve treatment and preven-tive screenings and crisis response for individuals with mental illness. It would also strengthen the existing background check system, something the President says he wants to do. However, the fact of the matter is that many States, such as the State of Vir-ginia in the case of the Virginia Tech shooter just a short time ago, don’t even upload existing mental health ad-judications into the background check system, which would have precluded the purchase of a firearm by somebody with that sort of record. So the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System isn’t even a comprehen-sive system when it comes to identi-fying people who under current law should not be able to purchase a fire-arm. This legislation I have offered is a step forward that will help those with mental illness get the support they need while also equipping our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.027 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S15 January 11, 2016 
law enforcement officers to help keep our communities safe. It has been en-dorsed by a diverse group of organiza-tions, including the National Alliance on Mental Illness, the National Asso-ciation of Police Organizations, and the National Association of Social Workers. I think the thing that has perhaps of-fended some of our Democratic col-leagues is that we have actually been able to build a consensus, where none other has existed on this topic, by get-ting organizations such as the ones I mentioned, along with the National Rifle Association, to endorse the legis-lation I have introduced. The fact of the matter is this legisla-tion was aided by solutions borrowed from what is happening in Texas and particularly Bexar County and San An-tonio, where I once served as a district judge. I firmly believe that the best way we can legislate here is to learn what works at the local and State level and then to scale them up here at the na-tional level, rather than to do what the President seems to prefer, which is a national experiment and a one-size- fits-all approach in a country that is simply too diverse on issues that are so complex that we can’t really solve them with the wave of a magic wand or on a national basis. So let’s look at what works locally and in our States and then bring those experiences here and scale them up for the benefit of the rest of the country. The fact of the matter is that Bexar County’s and San Antonio’s mental health program is now touted as the national standard for how to think strategically about those suffering from mental illness in the criminal jus-tice system. Sheriff Pamerleau of Bexar County told me that a substan-tial portion of the jail population in San Antonio is people suffering from mental illness. Many times they go un-treated and, thus, they try to self- medicate with drugs or alcohol, just making their condition that much worse. But the underlying cause of their problem is never being treated, which is the underlying mental illness. I have heard the same story in Hous-ton and Austin and other places. I have asked our law enforcement profes-sionals—we simply are seeing more and more people with mental illnesses showing up in emergency rooms or liv-ing homeless on the street or ending up in our jails without their problems ade-quately being addressed. My legislation does try to take a crack at that. It may not be perfect. I know other people will have other ideas, but at least it is a constructive suggestion and will hope-fully begin a conversation that we need to have and the President says he wants to have but so far has neglected to engage in. Congress has a role to play because we represent the American people and we represent the States where we are elected to serve. It is our responsibility to try to bring about successful re-forms that we have seen work at the local and State levels. I am hopeful the Senate Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing soon. I understand we may well begin by the end of this month, and it is not a minute too soon. We need a President who is willing to get to work and do his job and not just to make speeches or issue Executive orders and say: Well, look, I have done my part, and the rest is up to every-body else. We need a President who is willing to work with us and alongside of us to tackle these important issues and hopefully help protect the individ-uals who are suffering from mental ill-ness, to give families more choices when dealing with a mentally ill loved one, and also hopefully to avoid these incidents of mass violence. What we don’t need is purporting to govern by Executive edict, which is what the President seems to like and prefer. I hope the President understands that Members on both sides of the aisle in both Chambers are ready, willing, and able in good faith to work to re-form our mental health system and in doing so help prevent some of the trag-edies that are occurring in our commu-nities. What we don’t need to do is to restrict the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens, which will in no way make our communities safer but will infringe upon those constitutional rights in the Bill of Rights of the U.S. Constitution. Many of the bills proposed, including mine, go much further than what the President announced last week in deal-ing with mental illness. There is a lot of work that needs to be done, and we need a President who will work with us. If he is willing to abandon this go- it-alone attitude and commit to work-ing with the elected representatives of the American people, I think we have the opportunity to accomplish a lot for our country. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICK CARTER Mr. PETERS. Madam President, 8 months ago, as I delivered my maiden speech in the Senate, I discussed how honored I am to have succeeded Sen-ator Carl Levin, a mentor to me and a man who defined what it meant to be a Senator from Michigan—a feeling that has only deepened during the past year that I have served in this body. During his 36 years of service, Sen-ator Levin personally met tens of thou-sands of Michiganders. He remains be-loved by many, including those who might never have had the opportunity to shake his hand or sit down next to him. This is due in no small part to his tireless commitment and accessibility in responding to questions and com-ments from his constituents, whether those issues arose in person, over the phone, in a letter, or—during the latter half of Senator Levin’s tenure—email. Michiganders reaching out to his office knew that they would be heard and that they could expect a thoughtful, honest response about their Senator’s positions. These responses—hundreds of thou-sands a year and millions over the course of Senator Levin’s career—were made possible by his correspondence manager, Rick Carter. Rick worked for Senator Levin for almost two decades, and I have had the privilege to have him on my team since early last year. While I have known him for only a year, this has been more than enough time to learn that Rick is a model pub-lic servant and a role model for genera-tions of congressional staffers. Rick is humble, thoughtful, and fiercely com-mitted to working behind the scenes to help other staff succeed and to grow. He has been instrumental in estab-lishing my Senate office, and I will be eternally grateful for this honorary Michigander’s efforts. Rick grew up in DC. Perhaps his fu-ture career was foreshadowed by grow-ing up in the Michigan Park neighbor-hood. He was a standout student at DeMatha Catholic High School and earned a scholarship at George Wash-ington University, where he studied so-ciology. During his time at GW, he interned for Congressman JOHNCONYERS , a leg-end of the civil rights movement, cur-rent Dean of the House of Representa-tives, and a man I am honored to call my friend and a Michigan colleague. Graduating from GW in 1995, Rick began what would be a 19-year career with Senator Levin. He worked his way up from the front office and mastered a number of different positions before de-ciding that managing the correspond-ence team best allowed him to balance engaging on matters of policy, serving the people of Michigan, and mentoring junior staffers. While Rick has many skills and qualities you might expect from a sea-soned staffer, including being an excel-lent writer, editor, and consummate professional, it is his extraordinary commitment to developing young minds that I wish to focus on for a mo-ment. Rick has helped dozens and perhaps hundreds of young graduates, former interns, and junior staffers find jobs in public service. Along with refining writing skills and polishing resumes, Rick has taught a generation of staff-ers things they did not learn in college: how to be a professional, how to show up on time, and how to simultaneously function independently as well as part of a team. His former interns are legis-lative directors, chiefs of staff, and chief counsels. The list of favors he is owed is extensive, but he never asks for anything in return. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.028 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES16 January 11, 2016 
He might ask you to run with him, though. As a charity marathon coach, he has helped raise money to fight AIDS. As a year-round positive influ-ence—and not just during a New Year’s resolution season—he is always looking for current and past colleagues to run with him. I will not even begin to spec-ulate on the cumulative pounds lost due to his inspiration. Rick has been a surrogate big brother and father figure for so many staffers. It is especially meaningful that Rick has started his own family with his wife Nakia. Their son Mason and new baby Ryan are lucky to have such a loving, dedicated dad. I wish their en-tire family the best as Rick starts his own small business to pursue real es-tate development in the DC area. It is said that the only constant in life is change. While Rick Carter has been a constant in the Michigan dele-gation for more than two decades and I will miss having him in my office, I deeply appreciate his two decades of service and respect his desire to take on new challenges. Rick Carter will al-ways be a part of both Team Levin and Team Peters. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF SAMUEL HEINS Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I rise today to call on the Senate and all of my colleagues to allow us to move forward on the nomination of Sam Heins of Minnesota to be the U.S. Ambassador to Norway. The U.S. Am-bassador for Sweden has also been held up. Coming from the State of Iowa, which I believe is over 10 percent Scan-dinavian—over 300,000 people—I think the Presiding Officer understands the importance of our country actually having Ambassadors to these incred-ibly important allies and nations. It has now been 836 days since there was last a confirmed Ambassador to Norway, one of our most important Eu-ropean allies. Part of this situation was caused by a different nominee who has some issues with the committee and with other Senators. That person has now been replaced, and it has been 166 days since a new nominee went through the Foreign Relations Com-mittee. Mr. Heins was approved by a voice vote, without any controversy, as was the Ambassador to Sweden. I thank Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN  and Senators M
CCONNELL and R EIDfor their help in trying to get this through. Unfortunately, these nominations are now being held up by Senator C
RUZ. Based on my discussions with him, it is not because of the qualifications of these nominees; it is related to, I sup-pose, other issues. Yet, I note for those Scandinavians out there, Senator CRUZ has allowed votes on Ambassadors to other countries. We have Ambassadors in France, in England, in nearly every European nation, but not these two Scandinavian countries. Perhaps people don’t understand the importance of these nations because they just think these people wear sweaters all the time. I don’t know what they think of Norway and Swe-den, but, in fact, Senator C
RUZshould understand that they are two of our best allies. Norway is one of our coun-try’s strongest and most dependable al-lies. I will speak more about Sweden at another time. I plan to take to the floor repeatedly in the next month to talk about the importance of these allies and to ask Senator C
RUZwhat he does not under-stand, that these are important allies. Norway was a founding member of the NATO Alliance, and its military has participated in operations with the United States in the Balkans and Af-ghanistan. Norwegians work alongside Americans in standing up to Russia’s provocations in Ukraine, in countering ISIS and the spread of violent extre-mism, and in strengthening regional cooperation in the Arctic. Norway has been especially strong on the issue of the Ukraine and on the issue with Rus-sia. I know the Presiding Officer, with her background in the military, under-stands how important that is, and cer-tainly my colleagues across the aisle understand how important it is to have allies that will stand up to Russia. In addition, Norway is an important economic partner. In a letter sent this July by the American Chamber of Com-merce in Norway, Norway ‘‘represented the 5th fastest growing source of for-eign direct investment in the United States between 2009–2013 and is the 12th largest source of foreign direct invest-ment in the United States overall.’’ Right now, the United States of Amer-ica for over 700 days has said to one of the top investors in our country, one of our best allies in security, ‘‘Sorry. You don’t rate getting an ambassador.’’ There are also over 300 American companies with a presence in Norway, including 3M of Minnesota, Eli Lilly, General Electric, IBM, McDonald’s, and so many others. In October Norway reiterated its commitment to Lockheed Martin with the purchase of an additional 22 F–35s. These Lockheed Martin warplanes will be built at a facility in Fort Worth, TX. I have called this to Senator C
RUZ’s attention. In fact, this is an enormous purchase, the biggest pur-chase made in the history of the coun-try of Norway. These companies, however, are hin-dered without a strong ambassador to help facilitate and strengthen eco-nomic ties between our two countries. Norway is also playing an important role in addressing the Syrian refugee crisis. Norway has a proud history of providing support to those fleeing con-flict. It expects to take in as many as 25,000 refugees this year and has al-ready provided millions of dollars to Greece to help that country respond to the influx of refugees seeking a way to enter Europe. Norway is basically on the frontline of the refugee crisis. All of us on both sides of the aisle have talked about the importance of a strong Europe during this very difficult time. Yet, right now we have no Am-bassadors in two of the countries on the frontline involved in these refugee crises, and those are Sweden and Nor-way. Norway deserves a U.S. Ambassador who understands the country and is deeply committed to the relationship. I believe Mr. Heins is the right person for the job. No one has seriously ques-tioned his qualifications for the job. As a Senator from the State that is home to more people—more than 800,000—of Norwegian heritage than anywhere except Norway itself, I think it is only fitting that the nominee to be the U.S. Ambassador to Norway hail from Minnesota. Of course, there is much more to Sam Heins than his Minnesota heritage. In addition to being an accomplished law-yer, he has demonstrated his devotion to and leadership in the cause of ad-vancing human rights. He founded, or-ganized, and served as the first board chair for the Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights, which monitors and re-sponds to human rights abuses throughout the world. He also co-founded the Center for Victims of Tor-ture, which provides services, research, and advocacy for victims of torture around the world, and continues to serve as a board member. This record of accomplishment is particularly ap-propriate for someone nominated to be our Ambassador to Norway. Norway has long been an international leader on human rights issues. Mr. Heins’ ex-tensive work on human rights and with nongovernmental organizations that support human rights will be ex-tremely helpful in sustaining and building on the strong U.S.-Norweigian partnership in this area. Last year, as we know, Congress was able to find common ground on so many issues. We passed a budget bill, we passed a transportation bill, a his-toric amount of funding, an increase in funding. We got the bill done on sex trafficking that Senator CORNYN and I worked on so hard. I can go through a list of the work we did together across the aisle. When it comes to foreign relations, our country has always believed that a united front is most important on the world stage. We have a united front when it comes to the countries of Nor-way and Sweden. We understand they are our true allies. We have a united front on these two Ambassador nomi-nees. They were noncontroversial. They went through the Foreign Rela-tions Committee. Senator C
ORKER and Senator C
ARDIN have worked together to make sure they get to the floor, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.030 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S17 January 11, 2016 
right now Senator C RUZis holding up these nominees for reasons that are completely outside of the qualifica-tions of the nominees. I can say this is not the way we should be conducting world business. I am focusing today on Norway. I will focus on Sweden in the future as I con-tinue to give these speeches. I don’t think we can take these countries lightly just because it is cold there and darker in the winter. These are incred-ibly important allies and trading part-ners. They deserve to be treated like other European nations. They deserve to have an ambassador from the United States of America. It is time to end this delay and do the work the Senate is supposed to do. Let’s move ahead and work to confirm these qualified nominees to represent us abroad. One is a country in Europe that just bought 22 fighter planes from Lockheed Martin. If they had bought 22 fighter planes from the Presiding Offi-cer’s State, I believe the Presiding Offi-cer would have looked at the fact that if it is a noncontroversial nominee to a country that invests in the United States of America, that is an ambas-sador we need to get confirmed, and we would get this done. I ask my colleagues to work with Senator C
RUZ. The hope is that given that we have seen no other opposition of any significance to these two nomi-nees, we will be able to get this done. He has said to me personally that this is not about the qualifications of the nominees, it is simply other issues that I hope he can resolve within the Repub-lican caucus and with us so we can move forward and so they are not held up any longer. Norway and Sweden de-serve Ambassadors. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive session to consider the following nomi-nation, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the upcoming confirmation vote of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. I wish to thank Chairman G
RASSLEY  and Ranking Member L
EAHY for mov-ing Judge Restrepo’s nomination through their committee. I also thank Leader M
CCONNELL for scheduling this confirmation vote, which will take place in short order. I also wish to thank my colleague Senator CASEY . Senator C ASEY and I have been working very closely for 5 years now, since I joined the Senate, working to fill the vacancies that occur on the Federal bench across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania that we represent. With Judge Restrepo’s confirmation tonight, which I am hope-ful and confident will occur, Senator C
ASEY and I will have been able to play a role in filling 16 vacancies on the Federal bench, including 14 district court vacancies that have occurred since the time I arrived in Senate and two Third Circuit court vacancies. There are only two States in the Union that have had more vacancies filled in the last 5 years, and those two States are California and New York. They are very large States, of course, and have a large number of vacancies. Again, I thank Senator C
ASEY for the very constructive working relationship we have developed to make sure that the people of Pennsylvania are able to access justice in a sensible and effi-cient fashion. Because we have worked closely together, not only have we filled these vacancies, but we have filled courthouses—Federal court-houses meant to house Federal judges—that have been vacant for years. As a result, Reading, PA, now has a Federal judge serving in that courthouse. People in the surrounding area of Williamsport, PA, had to drive great distances to get to a Federal court, and now there is a judge serving in Williamsport. Easton, PA—likewise, the people in North Hampton County who had to drive all the way to Phila-delphia to have a case dealt with can now do that in Easton. I think, and I hope, we are close to filling an empty courthouse in Erie, PA. Erie is kind of by itself out there in the northwest corner of our great State, and there ought to be Federal judge in the Erie courthouse. We are well in the process of making sure that there will be, and I am sure it will come to a close soon. Back to Judge Restrepo. The fact is Judge Restrepo is very well qualified to serve on the Third Circuit. He has served as a Federal district court judge for the Eastern District of Pennsyl-vania since June of 2013. I was very pleased, along with Senator C
ASEY , to have recommended Judge Restrepo to the White House for that post and to have supported his confirmation to the district court. In 2013, Judge Restrepo was con-firmed unanimously on the Senate floor. I would love to see that occur again this evening with respect to his confirmation to the circuit court. Prior to his appointment as a district court judge, Judge Restrepo served for 7 years as a Federal magistrate judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and for 13 years prior to that, Judge Restrepo was a partner in the law firm of Krasner and Restrepo, handling criminal defense cases. Before that, he worked at the public defenders’ office at the Federal and State levels. In many ways, Judge Restrepo’s life story is a classic American dream story. He was born in Medellin, Colom-bia, and became a U.S. citizen in 1993. He has devoted a great deal of his time and energy and considerable intellect to serving his community. He served on the board of the Make-a-Wish Founda-tion for Philadelphia and Susquehanna Valley. This is a foundation that grants wishes to children who have life-threatening illnesses. Judge Restrepo also gave his time to the Rus-sell Byers Charter School in Philadel-phia. I am very confident that Judge Restrepo has the judicial experience, legal acumen, intellect, integrity, and dedication to public service to do the job that we expect him to do on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. The Senate Judiciary Committee appar-ently shares my confidence, having passed his nomination out of com-mittee with a voice vote. I am pleased to speak on behalf of this highly qualified nominee, and I urge all of my colleagues to support his confirmation. TRIBUTE TO OFFICER JESSE HARTNETT  
Mr. President, I wish to briefly ad-dress one other item this evening be-fore I yield the floor. I want to speak about the appalling shooting that oc-curred in Philadelphia just last Thurs-day evening when a shooter attempted to assassinate a police officer in the name of ISIS on the streets of Philadel-phia. The shooter wasn’t counting on the amazing bravery of Philadelphia Police Officer Jesse Hartnett. It was late, about 11:30 at night on Thursday, and apparently a man waved down Jesse Hartnett as he was driving along in his police cruiser. Officer Hartnett stopped the cruiser. The man walked over as if to ask for directions, and instead, out of the blue, he started firing shots at pointblank range into the driver’s side window at Officer Hartnett. He kept walking up to the car. As he walked, he kept shooting. At one point he actually had his arm, with the gun, inside the window of the car and was still shooting. In total, the shooter fired 13 shots. Cameras that happened to be in that area captured the incident. It is abso-lutely amazing that Officer Hartnett managed to survive. It is amazing. But he didn’t just survive. He jumped out of his patrol car. He had been hit three times and was very seriously injured. His arm was bleeding profusely. He got out of his car and chased down the shooter. He shot and wounded the would-be killer, and because of his he-roic action while literally under fire, the shooter was apprehended. This is an amazing example of true grit, and the people of Pennsylvania couldn’t be more proud of Officer Hart-nett. Our prayers are certainly with Of-ficer Hartnett and his family. He has a very difficult recovery ahead of him. He has already had one surgery. My un-derstanding is that he has undergone a second surgery today, or is in the proc-ess of undergoing that surgery. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.031 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES18 January 11, 2016 
doctors are trying to save his arm, which was badly injured. I want to be clear about this. What happened that Thursday night was an act of terrorism. It was an act of ter-rorism inspired by violent Islamic ex-tremism. The shooter reportedly de-clared that he had pledged his alle-giance to the Islamic State. He said that he was targeting police officers because he believes that the police are defending and enforcing laws that are contrary to the Koran, and the shooter himself said that he acted in the name of Islam and the Islamic State. We don’t know for sure yet whether the shooter has direct personal ties to ISIS abroad, but the FBI has reported that the shooter traveled to Saudi Ara-bia in 2011 and then went to Egypt for several months in 2012. Regardless of what he was doing over there or what his purpose was, we should make no mistake; this was an act of terrorism just as the shootings at Fort Hood and San Bernardino were. Let me be abundantly clear. I think everyone obviously knows that this cop killer—this would-be cop killer— doesn’t represent all Muslims. No one would suggest that, but he does rep-resent a terrible strain of violent Is-lamic extremism, a strain that has amassed millions of dollars, has fol-lowers all around the planet, and is, in fact, at war with America. ISIS and the violent Islamic extrem-ists that are followers of ISIS pose a very serious threat to America. We have seen this repeatedly now, includ-ing in my home State of Pennsylvania in the City of Philadelphia. We are very fortunate. We have incredibly cou-rageous law enforcement officers, such as Officer Hartnett, protecting us, but we shouldn’t in any way diminish the magnitude and gravity of this threat. I commend Officer Jesse Hartnett for his bravery. To Officer Hartnett and his family, please know that the people of Pennsylvania are behind you, think-ing of you, and praying for a full and speedy recovery. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to offer some remarks about the vote we are going to cast on Judge Restrepo, which Senator T
OOMEY spoke to ear-lier, and I thank him for his work on this nomination. We are finally at the point where we are voting, and we are grateful for that opportunity. Senator T
OOMEY has noted and I know others are aware of Judge Restrepo’s qualifications. I will highlight a few, some of it by way of reiteration. I will start with the story itself. This is a great American story. An indi-vidual came to this country from Co-lombia and, through hard work and the benefit of a great education, has risen to the point of being a member of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. Upon a positive confirmation vote, he will be a member of the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, the second highest Federal court in the land, just below the Su-preme Court. Judge Restrepo is a 1986 graduate of Tulane University Law School. He graduated from the University of Penn-sylvania in 1981 with a degree in eco-nomics and international relations. As I said, he has served as a member of the U.S. district court in Philadelphia, which pretty much covers the eastern half of our State. We have a Middle District and a Western District. He is a judge in one of the three districts. He started there in June of 2013, so his nomination to the appeals court was a rapid rise in the Federal judiciary. Be-fore being on the district court, he served as a U.S. magistrate judge from June of 2006 until his appointment to the U.S. district court. I believe all of the other information is already in the RECORD , but I want to reiterate what I said before and what I know Senator T
OOMEY has said. This nominee is qualified by way of experi-ence, intellect, and education, but maybe the most important thing is by way of integrity. He is someone who has the character to serve on the appel-late court after serving with distinc-tion on the U.S. district court. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to support the nomination of Judge Luis F. Restrepo, the President’s nominee for appointment on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Filling a vacancy on the third circuit is important to New Jerseyans. Be-cause only a handful of cases each year reach the Supreme Court, circuit courts often have the final word in the vast majority of Federal cases. That means, for most of my constituents who bring cases in Federal courts, the buck stops with the third circuit. The third circuit currently has two judicial vacancies. The vacant seat that President nominated Judge Restrepo to fill has been declared a ju-dicial emergency. That means it has a very heavy caseload. In fact the third circuit has more than 900 weighted fil-ings per judgeship. Filling a vacancy on that important Federal appellate court will lower the caseload burden and ensure access to justice for more Americans. Judge Restrepo is a well-qualified in-dividual. There is no question about that. He has over 10 years of experience on the Federal bench. In fact the Sen-ate unanimously confirmed him to serve as a Federal district judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Prior to that, he served as a Federal mag-istrate judge. As a member of the Fed-eral bench, he has presided over 56 trials that have gone to verdict or judgement. He has a wealth of experience in both public service and private practice. He was a founding member of a Philadel-phia law firm, where he practiced both criminal defense and civil rights litiga-tion. He served as an assistant Federal defender with the Community Federal Defender for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and an assistant defender for the Defender Association of Phila-delphia. He has relevant experience in both criminal and civil law, which will serve him well as a Federal appellate judge. Judge Restrepo has excellent legal credentials. He earned his under-graduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania and his law degree from Tulane University Law School. The work of a Federal appellate judge can often be academic as the job requires a judge to address legal issues of first impression. Judge Restrepo has more than two decades of teaching ex-perience at both the University of Pennsylvania Law School and Temple University James E. Beasley School of Law. He also taught with the National Institute for Trial Advocacy. In addi-tion, he has written numerous articles appearing in a variety of national legal publications. He has dedicated his time to public service and to bettering his commu-nity. He is the former president of the Hispanic Bar Association of Pennsyl-vania. He served on the board of direc-tors for the Defender Association of Philadelphia and the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Philadelphia and Sus-quehanna Valley. As a Federal judge, he has also participated in a reentry program to assist people recently re-leased from federal custody to reenter the community and become productive citizens. I believe he has a wealth of relevant experience and a strong legal back-ground. Other Senators share my con-fidence in Judge Restrepo. He has the bipartisan support from both Pennsyl-vania Senators and was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by a unani-mous voice vote. Judge Restrepo’s confirmation is also historic. He will be the first Latino judge from Pennsylvania to serve on the third circuit and only the second Latino to sit on that court. He also has the strong endorsement of the Hispanic National Bar Association. According to that distinguished organization, Judge Restrepo’s ‘‘integrity, knowledge of the law, breadth of professional experience, and intellectual capacity make him well suited to sit as a federal appellate judge.’’ I could not agree more. I urge my colleagues to confirm Judge Restrepo to the third circuit today. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I may be rec-ognized as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent that I be able 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.033 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S19 January 11, 2016 
to display on the Senate floor these two vials of liquid nicotine to tell what just passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
LIQUID NICOTINE  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, in the Senate last year we passed the childproofing of caps on liquid nico-tine. That legislation just passed today in the House and will go to the Presi-dent for signature. This is important because we found that these bottles of liquid nicotine for these e-cigarettes, or electronic cigarettes, have not been childproofed. Therefore, if a child gets one of these bottles and it does not have the cap that they can’t get off, we now know the experience from several poison centers across the country in the last couple of years. If a drop of that liquid nicotine gets onto the child’s skin or, as infants typically do, they put things in their mouth and they ingest that liquid nicotine, indeed it is fatal. We have had a couple of fatalities in this country. Therefore, it was com-mon sense for us to require—and thankfully, the liquid nicotine indus-try went along and did not object—to make these childproof. But that will now be in the law. Let me point out something. This is aside from the ques-tion of whether you should be inhaling this stuff in an e-cigarette. I think peo-ple are finding out that this is becom-ing quite dangerous as well. But aside from that issue, this was the issue of protecting children. Look at this. It has pictures of fruit all over the label, and it is called ‘‘Juicy ejuice.’’ It is something that is going to attract an infant’s or a child’s attention. It is the same thing over here. It has pictures of all kinds of happy things. I have seen others that have labels of juicy fruit. I have seen others that have multicolored labels that are very attractive. Common sense tells us if you are putting a prod-uct out that can kill children—just like some of the soaps that are put out for washing detergent in these little plastic bags that disintegrate when they get into water in your dishwasher or in your washing machine, and it smells so good, and they are grape scents—a child smells that and it feels so good and it is so soft. Where is it going to end up in an infant? They are going to put it in their mouth. We have had some deaths there. But that is an-other battle for another day. At least we have won one little battle. I am happy to report to the Senate that what we passed in the Senate in a bipartisan manner last year now passed the House today and will go to the President to be signed into law. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I came from an informal hearing—not an offi-cial Senate hearing but a hearing downstairs called by Congressman L
EVIN, who is the senior Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee. A number of other Members were there, including my colleague from Ohio, Representative K
APTUR , and a number of people the Presiding Officer served with in the House—Congressmen S
AR-
BANES , R ANGEL , PASCRELL , D OGGETT , and S
CHIFF . We discussed the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership. I spoke earlier on this today. I know Senator M
CCONNELL has said that he will not bring it up this year, I think in large part because of the opposition from the country. Senator Lott, the Republican leader, a decade or so ago said that you can’t pass a trade agree-ment in an even-numbered year. He was a strong supporter of these trade agreements. I believe he and most in his party supported NAFTA and CAFTA. He wasn’t here for CAFTA but he was for some of those other trade agreements. But he said that because he knows that politicians want to vote for these trade agreements in large part because of corporate lobbying. But the public doesn’t want us to vote for these trade agreements. My first year in Congress, I spent much of the year working in opposition to the North American Free Trade Agreement. I have seen a number of these: NAFTA, PNTR with China, CAFTA, the trade agreement with Korea, big promises about jobs, big claims about jobs, and exaggerated commitments about jobs. Every time we lose jobs from these trade agree-ments. Our trade deficit is up to a cou-ple billion dollars a day now. But if you buy a billion dollars of products from another country rather than making them yourselves here, rather than American companies making them, we know that costs us jobs. When you think it is $2 billion—almost $2 billion every single day, well over a billion, but the numbers are not precise—in trade deficit, where we buy from other countries more than we export and sell to other countries, we know it is cost-ing us jobs. One of the other things that came out of this discussion with a number of Ways and Means Committee members, small business, a former trade nego-tiator, and a union representative there was how we have seen increas-ingly companies in Little Rock, in Dayton or in Toledo shut down produc-tion here and move it overseas and then sell those products back into the United States. The auto industry has not done much of that. When the auto industry sets up in Asia and are manufacturing cars, they typically sell them in that part of the world. Unfortunately, GM just an-nounced that they are going to be mak-ing an SUV plant in China and selling those products back into the United States. That is a terrible trend. The reason I stopped on the floor be-fore the vote in a couple of minutes is to say this: The Trans-Pacific Partner-ship has set us up in way that will make that worse. Under NAFTA, Can-ada, the United States, and Mexico—I strongly oppose NAFTA. But under that trade agreement, products in automobiles—almost two-thirds of all of the components in an automobile— had to be made in one of these three countries in order to get the tariff ben-efits from NAFTA for those companies, those products. Now there are 12 coun-tries in the Trans-Pacific Partnership and fewer than half the components have to be made in one of these 12 countries. What does that mean? It means that more than half of an automobile can come from parts made in China but sold in the United States tariff-free under the Trans-Pacific Partnership. How can we possibly think that makes sense as a policy? That is fundamen-tally why the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship does not make sense for our coun-try. It doesn’t make sense for small businesses in Mansfield, OH, or in Springfield, OH, and it doesn’t make sense for the up to 600,000 workers in my State—some 600,000 workers who are in the auto supply chain. We know a lot of them will lose jobs under the Trans-Pacific Partnership. I yield the rest of my time to Senator L
EAHY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Ohio. We are finally going to vote on the long overdue confirmation of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo to fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the third circuit in Pennsylvania. He was nominated way over a year ago—nearly 14 months ago—with strong bipartisan support from home State Senators. This is a case where, unfortunately, the Repub-lican leadership has subjected Judge Restrepo to totally unnecessary delay as part of their wholesale obstruction of judicial nominees. Their actions hurt not only the people of Pennsyl-vania, but also Americans across the country as judicial vacancies have re-mained unfilled nationwide after Re-publicans took over the Senate major-ity last year. I hope that today’s vote and the agreement to vote on four district court nominees this work period sig-nals a return to the Senate fulfilling its constitutional duty of providing ad-vice and consent on the President’s nominees. In all of 2015, Senate Repub-licans allowed votes on only 11 judicial nominations. This matched the record for confirming the fewest number of ju-dicial nominees in more than half a century. I mention that because Demo-crats took the majority in the last 2 years of President Bush’s term. We confirmed 40 judges during that year— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.034 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES20 January 11, 2016 
40. I was chairman. I remember that very well. I didn’t want to repeat the things that we saw during the Clinton administration, where the Republicans came in and the then-Republican chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee killed over 60 nominees of the Clinton administration by not allowing them to have a vote in committee. I said: Let’s move faster. I moved 40 through. Did the Republicans do the same? No, they allowed 11. Republicans also left town at the end of last year with 19 judicial nominees still pending on the floor, including Judge Restrepo. Each of the nominees has the support of their home state Senators and their nominations were reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by voice vote. These are the kind of noncontroversial judicial nomi-nees that the Senate has traditionally confirmed at the end of a session. Dur-ing the Obama administration, how-ever, Republicans have rejected this practice. Judge Restrepo exemplifies the kind of consensus nominee that should have been easily confirmed at the end of the session. He is nominated to fill an emergency vacancy on the Third Cir-cuit Court of Appeals, which has two vacant judgeships in Pennsylvania. He has the strong bipartisan support of his home state Senators, Senator C
ASEY  and Senator T
OOMEY . In fact, Senator T
OOMEY has said he personally rec-ommended Judge Restrepo to the President for the nomination. In 2013, this body confirmed Judge Restrepo’s nomination to the Federal district court by voice vote. I have heard no ob-jection from any Senator to Judge Restrepo’s nomination. I cannot be-lieve this man who will be the first His-panic judge from Pennsylvania for the third circuit was humiliated by having to wait 14 months. This highly quali-fied Hispanic judge was told to go to the back of the line and wait 14 months. It is wrong. It is absolutely wrong. I will vote to confirm Judge Restrepo. Since 2013, he has served as a judge on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. For the seven years prior, he served as a Federal magistrate judge on the same court. Before joining the bench, Judge Restrepo was in private practice as a named partner at Krasner & Restrepo. He began his legal career serving as a public defender as an Assistant De-fender for the Defender Association of Philadelphia before becoming an As-sistant Federal Defender for the Fed-eral Community Defender Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. He was voted out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote on July 9, 2015. His nomination has the full support of the Hispanic National Bar Association. I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of the Hispanic National Bar As-sociation’s letter in support of Judge Restrepo at the conclusion of my re-marks. Republicans’ obstruction of highly qualified judicial nominees with strong support, like Judge Restrepo, has re-sulted in a sharp rise in judicial vacan-cies. When Senate Republicans took over the majority in January of last year, there were 43 judicial vacancies. After a year of Republicans neglecting judicial confirmations, vacancies have dramatically increased to 72—an in-crease of more than 60 percent. Fur-thermore, the number of judicial va-cancies deemed to be ‘‘emergencies’’ by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts because caseloads in those courts are unmanageably high has nearly tripled under Republican Senate leadership—from 12 when Republicans took over last year to 33 today. In his annual year-end report, even Chief Jus-tice Roberts drew our attention to the ‘‘crushing dockets’’ and heavy case-loads that strain the Federal judiciary and prevent Americans from obtaining timely justice in our courts. The high number of vacancies is en-tirely of the Senate Republican leader-ship’s making, and Senate action is re-quired to resolve it. The first step is to confirm the rest of the 18 judicial nominees pending right now on the floor. Under a bipartisan agreement reached at the end of last year, the Ma-jority Leader will schedule confirma-tion votes on four district court nomi-nees between now and the President’s Day recess. After we vote on those nominees, we will still have nominees from Tennessee, Maryland, New Jersey, Nebraska, New York, and California pending on the floor, nearly all of whom would fill emergency vacancies. Votes on these nominees must be scheduled without further delay. Let’s start facing up to fact that we have enormous problems with judiciary emergencies in States where both Re-publicans and Democrats have sup-ported the nominees. Let them come forward. Let them be voted on. Let’s stop making the Federal courts a polit-ical pawn. It is bad enough with all the political shenanigans going on in this country anyway in an election year. Don’t do them with the Federal court system. We have the best, the most honest, the least partisan Federal court system anywhere in the world. But don’t say: Oh, you are a highly qualified Hispanic nominee, but you just wait there for 14 months, be hu-miliated, and then we will finally allow a vote. I don’t care whether someone is Hispanic or non-Hispanic; we have so many men and women who are highly qualified. In addition to the nominees pending on the floor, there are also four Penn-sylvania district court nominees that the Senate Judiciary Committee is poised to report out this month. I sin-cerely hope the junior Senator from Pennsylvania can convince the Repub-lican Majority Leader not to submit these additional Pennsylvania nomi-nees to the extensive confirmation delay that Judge Restrepo endured. The people of Pennsylvania have wait-ed long enough. I also understand that the White House has been working for months with Senator TOOMEY and Sen-ator C
ASEY on the second Pennsylvania vacancy on the third circuit. I look for-ward to the Judiciary Committee con-sidering that nomination soon. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 31, 2015. Re Hispanic National Bar Association En-dorsement of Nomination of The Honor-able Luis Felipe Restrepo to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Hon. C
HUCK GRASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
ATRICK LEAHY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER LEAHY : On behalf of the Hispanic National Bar Association (‘‘HNBA’’), we write to recommend the confirmation of the Honorable Luis Felipe Restrepo to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. As explained below, we believe that Judge Restrepo has all the requisite quali-fications to serve in this role and will serve the Court and the parties that come before it with distinction and integrity. The HNBA is a non-profit, non-partisan na-tional membership association that rep-resents the interests of Hispanic attorneys, judges, law professors, law students, and legal professionals in the United States and Puerto Rico. One of the HNBA’s many insti-tutional objectives is to advocate and work to ensure that the federal and state courts in our nation are diverse and reflect the citi-zenry that come before our courts daily. Judge Restrepo sought the HNBA’s en-dorsement shortly after President Obama nominated him to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The HNBA conducted a thorough due diligence process that included interviews of personal and pro-fessional references (including judges and at-torneys), a review of his scholarly writings and legal opinions, and a thorough Internet search. We also have considered his back-ground and qualifications in the context of the requirements of the position for which he was nominated, as well as the requirements of the HNBA’s Policies and Procedures Gov-erning Judicial Endorsements. After a care-ful review, it is clear that Judge Restrepo possesses the professional expertise, experi-ence, personal integrity and judicial tem-perament to distinguish himself as a federal appellate judge. Accordingly, we urge you to confirm his nomination to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Prior to being sworn in as a District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania in 2013 and his appointment as a Magistrate Judge in 2006, Judge Restrepo was a highly- regarded Philadelphia attorney and founding member of the firm of Krasner & Restrepo, concentrating on criminal defense and civil rights litigation. Before forming his law firm, he served as an assistant federal de-fender with the Community Federal De-fender for the Eastern District of Pennsyl-vania, and an assistant defender for the De-fender Association of Philadelphia. He is an adjunct professor at Temple University James E. Beasley School of Law, was an ad-junct professor at the University of Pennsyl-vania Law School from 1997–2009 where he was appointed the Irving R. Segal Lecturer in advocacy, and has taught with the Na-tional Institute for Trial Advocacy in re-gional and national programs since 1991. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.036 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S21 January 11, 2016 
has been a lecturer at seminars sponsored by a number of agencies and organizations and has written numerous articles appearing in a variety of national publications. Throughout his career, Judge Restrepo has stood out as an exceptional role model for community in-volvement and civic participation. He has devoted his time and expertise to a variety of boards and commissions as well as the Eastern District prisoner reentry program. The HNBA’s due diligence process has con-firmed that Judge Restrepo’s integrity, knowledge of the law, breadth of professional experience, and intellectual capacity make him well suited to sit as a federal appellate judge. Accordingly, it is with great pride that we have the privilege of endorsing the Honorable Luis Felipe Restrepo and rec-ommend his confirmation to serve as a Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Please do not hesitate to contact us at the HNBA National Office at (202) 223–4777, or you may contact Cynthia D. Mares directly at (720) 314–1295 or by e-mail at president@hnba.com, if we can be of any further assistance. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, C
YNTHIA D. M ARES , HNBA National President. R
OBERT RABEN , Chair, HNBA Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I know the time for the vote is upon us. Have the yeas and nays been ordered? The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have not. Mr. LEAHY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. Mr. LEAHY. I yield back all time, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, all time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nomination of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit? The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Sen-ator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RA-
HAM), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 82, nays 6, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 1 Ex.] YEAS—82 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—6 
Blunt Inhofe Lee Risch Sessions Shelby 
NOT VOTING—12 
Cassidy Coats Crapo Cruz Franken Graham Isakson Rubio Sanders Scott Stabenow Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will resume legislative action. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Happy new year. Nothing says ‘‘Happy new year’’ like the ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, so I will kick off 2016 with my year-opener ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech recapping some of last year’s climate change milestones. They say you only get one chance to make a first impression, and the first impression Senate Republicans chose to make in 2015 was to use their first 3 weeks of floor time—3 full weeks of precious floor time—to help a foreign oil company’s tar sands pipeline. Even though it meant the government con-demning American farms, even though the President was sure to veto it, that was their opener. By the end of the year, things had changed. The Republican leader was burying the votes against the Clean Power Plan deep in the news of the ter-rible Paris massacres and collapsing votes together to minimize floor time on this issue. The Republican majority opened 2015 with a big oil bang but crept out of the year with a whimper. Things indeed changed in 2015. Of course, the scientific evidence contin-ued to show that fossil fuel pollution was damaging our environment and our oceans and our economy. And 2015 was record-setting hot. This chart from No-vember shows that 2015 is on track to being the hottest year globally since we began keeping records in 1880. We can see that the 2015 running monthly global temperature average is above the 6 next warmest years on record in every month for which data is avail-able. The Director of NASA’s Goddard In-stitute for Space Studies estimates the probability of 2015 being the hottest on record at better than 99 percent. He has labeled 2015 a ‘‘scorcher.’’ But that won’t be official until later this month. It is no fluke. The World Meteorological Organiza-tion reports the recent 5-year period— 2011 to 2015—as the warmest 5-year pe-riod on record, and 2015 was the first year where monthly global average carbon dioxide concentrations exceeded 400 parts per million, and it did so for more than 3 months. Bear in mind that for as long as human beings have been on this planet Earth, we have existed safely in a range of 170 to 300 parts per million. We are outside of that by al-most the entire range, and we know this from ice cores which contain tiny bubbles of ancient atmospheres. I saw those ice cores last October at Ohio State University. World-renowned at-mospheric scientists, the husband-and- wife team Dr. Ellen Mosley Thompson and Dr. Lonnie Thompson, worked for years to retrieve cores from around the world and to test the ancient air cap-tured inside. The lesson of these cores is that humans have fundamentally al-tered the chemistry of the Earth’s air and that our greenhouse gas emissions are rapidly altering our climate. Sci-entists now say that we have so altered the Earth as to consider ourselves in a new geologic epoch, the Anthropocene. In 2015, the oceans kept shouting at us to wake up. Throughout 2015, evi-dence continued to document our oceans warming, rising, and acidifying. And 2015 brought the first nationwide study assessing the vulnerability of America’s $1 billion shellfish industry to ocean acidification, documenting the risk to 15 coastal States, such as Louisiana, Texas, Maine, and Rhode Is-land. The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in October re-ported on climate change’s threats to fish integral to human diets, predicting a dramatic collapse in the world’s larg-est ecosystem, our oceans. The great corrupt denial machine the fossil fuel industry supports never talks about oceans. The machine doesn’t care about evidence; it is just an obstacle to their fossil fuel PR campaign. They just want to create phony doubt. But since there is not much room for doubt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.032 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES22 January 11, 2016 
in measurements of warming, rising, and acidifying seas, they won’t go there. Nevertheless, 2015 was another bad year for oceans. Mr. President, 2015 was also the year journalists, academics, and investiga-tors took a hard look at that big, phony climate denial apparatus. The year 2015 brought reports that Exxon knew climate change was real but funded the climate denial apparatus anyway, reports of how fossil fuel money influenced the front groups’ lan-guage, and reports about hidden money and networks of influence and fossil fuel money controlling politics. Report after report showed fossil fuel money pouring into dozens of front groups, creating phony doubt and controversy, then propagated through media outlets also in the tank to the fossil fuel indus-try, such as FOX News and the Wall Street Journal editorial page. If you doubt that climate change is real, you have been had. It is really that simple. It is a racket. And 2015 was the year when many voices began asking for a racketeering investigation into a fraud of historic proportions. Mr. President, 2015 was a year of growing public recognition across America of the need to act. A 2015 Stanford poll found that 83 percent of Americans, including 6 in 10 Repub-licans, want action to reduce carbon emissions. For the first time, a major-ity of self-identified Republicans now believe there is solid evidence of global warming. And if you take out the loopy Tea Party cohort, among sensible Re-publicans, the number goes even high-er. Among young Republican voters— Republican voters under age 35—most said they would describe a climate de-nier as ‘‘ignorant,’’ ‘‘out of touch,’’ or ‘‘crazy.’’ In 2015, the EPA launched the Clean Power Plan, our Nation’s most ambi-tious effort yet. It is the first-ever plan to reduce carbon pollution from the largest source of U.S. carbon emis-sions: powerplants. The Clean Power Plan is projected to both cut carbon emissions and save Americans money on their annual energy bills. In 2015, the Obama administration at last rejected the Keystone XL Pipe-line—a great victory for the environ-mental movement after the 400,000-per-son climate march in New York City. In 2015, Pope Francis—the world leader of the Catholic Church—added his holy voice to the call. ‘‘Humanity,’’ Pope Francis said, ‘‘is called . . . to combat this warming or at least the human causes which produce or aggravate it.’’ Specifically, the Pope said, ‘‘[T]echnology based on the use of highly polluting fossil fuels, needs to be progressively replaced without delay.’’ Pope Francis’s encyclical said some-thing to Congress: 
To take up these responsibilities, and the costs they entail, politicians will inevitably clash with the mindset of short-term gain and results which dominates present-day ec-onomics and politics. But if they are coura-geous, they will attest to their God-given dignity and leave behind a testimony of self-less responsibility. And 2015 showed some signs of polit-ical courage, dignity, and responsi-bility. Republican Congressman Bob Inglis took a beating at the hands of the fossil fuel industry, but he did not give up the fight. Our colleague L
INDSEY GRAHAM ran for the Repub-lican nomination on a sensible climate change platform. He and other Senate colleagues have started a little Senate Republican study group. Twelve House Republicans, led by Congressman C
HRIS G
IBSON of New York, broke with their party’s Orthodoxy and sponsored a res-olution committing to address climate change by promoting ingenuity, inno-vation, and exceptionalism. It is not much yet, but it is a start. It is a turn. Perhaps the biggest milestone of 2015 was the Paris agreement reached in De-cember, with 190 countries agreeing to a global deal to address climate change. One key element was that more than 150 major U.S. companies signed on to the American Business Act on Climate Pledge, calling for strong outcomes in the Paris climate negotiations. These companies’ oper-ations together span all 50 States, they employ nearly 11 million people, they represent more than $4.2 trillion in an-nual revenue, and they have a com-bined market capitalization of over $7 trillion. These are blue-chip American icons such as AT&T of Texas, Coca- Cola and UPS of Georgia, Procter & Gamble of Ohio, and Walmart of Ar-kansas. How long can Republicans ig-nore them? You know the phrase about lipstick on a pig? Well, 2015 brought so much change that even the big fossil fuel pigs felt they had to try on a little lipstick. Typical of them, it was bogus—just enough happy talk about climate change and carbon fees to get the CEOs through a Davos cocktail party with-out being shunned, while here in Con-gress, their whole brutal political appa-ratus, up to and including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—which these days should probably be called the U.S. Chamber of Carbon—kept relentlessly hammering against any prospect of meaningful climate legislation. Real or not, it is noteworthy that the big oil tycoons at least felt the need for some lipstick. Speaking of piggy, 2015 was also the year the International Monetary Fund calculated the effective public subsidy of the fossil fuel industry at $700 billion per year just in the United States alone. Remember when the costs of carbon pollution are not factored into the price, those costs become a public subsidy—a market failure. This subsidy climbs into the trillions of dollars worldwide. If that is not piggy, nothing is. My biggest prayer for 2016 is the American business coalition from Paris helping Republican colleagues ac-knowledge publicly what many have concluded privately; that it is time for Congress to address climate change. If Republicans can get some relief from the brutal political pressure of the fos-sil fuel industry, there are conserv-ative-friendly solutions at hand. Every Republican who has thought this prob-lem through to a solution comes to the same place, every one. Former Treas-ury Secretary and Secretary of State George Shultz, President Reagan’s eco-nomic adviser Art Laffer, President George W. Bush’s Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, and his Council of Eco-nomic Advisers Chair Greg Mankiw, former Congressman Bob Inglis, and many others, all advocated last year that a carbon fee is the efficient way to correct the market failure that lets the fossil fuel industry pollute for free. Four former Republican EPA Adminis-trators, Bill Ruckelshaus, Christine Todd Whitman, Lee Thomas, and Bill Reilly, wrote: ‘‘A market-based ap-proach, like a carbon tax, would be the best path to reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.’’ Even a columnist at the Wall Street Journal, whose editorial page is notori-ously fossil fuel friendly, wrote: ‘‘There’s no dispute among economists on the most cost-effective way to [re-duce emissions]: a carbon tax.’’ Well, we have one. In 2015, the con-servative American Enterprise Insti-tute hosted the announcement of my legislation with Senator S
CHATZ , cre-ating a revenue-neutral carbon fee, with none—zero—of the revenues kept by the Federal Government but instead being used to provide massive cor-porate tax reductions and personal tax rebates. We have gone to exactly where Republicans are pointing. So please, colleagues, take yes for an answer. Join us, and let’s get to work. Mr. President, 2015 was a year the tide turned in Congress, from that opening Keystone Pipeline political fanfare to the buried, quiet, end-of-the- year votes on the President’s Clean Power Plan, with three Republicans even voting to support President Obama on those votes. It was a turning year and a new year now begins. We still need to wake up. We still need to get to work. We still have a duty before us, and it is a duty we should not shirk. I pray that 2016 will be the year, and I promise to do everything in my power to make it the year. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for January 2016. The report compares current law levels 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.039 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S23 January 11, 2016 
of spending and revenues with the amounts provided in the conference re-port to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016. This information is necessary to deter-mine whether budget points of order lie against pending legislation. It has been prepared by the Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pursu-ant to section 308(b) of the Congres-sional Budget Act, CBA. This is the first scorekeeping report for this calendar year but the fifth re-port I have made since adoption of the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution on May 5, 2015. My last filing can be found in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD on De-cember 2, 2015. The information con-tained in this report is current through January 5, 2016. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee is below or exceeds its allocation under the budget resolution. This informa-tion is used for enforcing committee allocations pursuant to section 302 of the CBA. Over the fiscal year 2016–2025 period, which is the entire period cov-ered by S. Con. Res. 11, Senate author-izing committees have spent $148 bil-lion more than the budget resolution calls for. Table 2 gives the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tion 312 and section 314 of the CBA. On December 18, 2015, the President signed H.R. 2029, the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016, P.L. 114–113, into law. This bill provided regular appropria-tions equal to the levels set in the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015, P.L. 114–74, specifically $548.1 billion in budget au-thority for defense accounts, revised security category, and $518.5 billion in budget authority for nondefense ac-counts, revised nonsecurity category. Table 3 gives the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds its allocation for overseas contingency operations/ global war on terrorism, OCO/GWOT, spending. This separate allocation for OCO/GWOT was established in section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11 and is enforced using section 302 of the CBA. The con-solidated appropriations bill included $73.7 billion in budget authority and $32.1 billion in outlays for OCO/GWOT in fiscal year 2016. This level is equal to the revised OCO/GWOT levels that I filed in the R
ECORD on December 18, 2015. The budget resolution established two new points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory programs in appropriations bills, CHIMPS. Ta-bles 4 and 5 show compliance with fis-cal year 2016 limits for overall CHIMPS and the crime victims fund CHIMP, re-spectively. This information is used for determining points of order under sec-tion 3103 and section 3104, respectively. Enacted CHIMPS are under both the broader CHIMPS limit, $1.3 billion less, and the crime victims fund limit, $1.8 billion less. In addition to the tables provided by the Senate Budget Committee Repub-lican staff, I am submitting additional tables from CBO that I will use for en-forcement of budget levels agreed to by the Congress. For fiscal year 2016, CBO estimates that current law levels are $138.9 bil-lion and $103.6 billion above the budget resolution levels for budget authority and outlays, respectively. Revenues are $155.2 billion below the level assumed in the budget resolution. Finally, So-cial Security outlays are at the levels assumed in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016, while Social Security revenues are $23 million below assumed levels for the budget year. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule. The Senate’s pay- as-you-go scorecard currently shows deficit reduction of $20.5 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2020 period and $95.6 billion over the fiscal year 2015–2025 pe-riod. Over the initial 6-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $17 billion and decrease outlays by $3.5 billion. Over the 11-year period, Congress has enacted legislation that would increase revenues by $36.7 billion and decrease outlays by $58.9 billion. The Senate’s pay-as-you-go rule is enforced by sec-tion 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolution. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............. ¥66 ¥518 ¥1,117 Outlays ............................ ¥50 ¥476 ¥1,099 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Commerce, Science, and Transportatioin Budget Authority ............. 130 650 1,300 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............. 2,880 19,432 9,459 Outlays ............................ 252 1,147 ¥8,801 Finance Budget Authority ............. 345 41,005 152,913 Outlays ............................ 345 41,005 152,913 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Homeland Security and Govern-ment Affairs Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 ¥1 0 Judiciary Budget Authority ............. ¥3,358 5,962 4,833 Outlays ............................ 1,713 5,862 4,082 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............. 0 208 278 TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS—Continued 
(In millions of dollars) 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Outlays ............................ 0 208 278 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............. ¥2 ¥1 ¥1 Outlays ............................ 388 644 644 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............. 0 0 0 Outlays ............................ 1 2 2 
Total Budget Authority ....¥71 66,738 167,665 Outlays ................... 2,649 48,391 148,019 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
(Budget authority, in millions of dollars) 2016 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 548,091 518,491 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 21,750 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,101 50,621 Defense ................................................. 514,000 136 Energy and Water Development ............ 18,860 18,325 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 44 23,191 Homeland Security ................................ 1,705 39,250 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 32,159 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 162,127 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,363 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 8,171 71,698 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 37,780 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 210 57,091 
Current Level Total ............. 548,091 518,491 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS 
(In millions of dollars) 2016 BA OT 
OCO/GWOT Allocation1.......................... 73,693 32,079 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 58,638 27,354 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 160 128 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 0 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 14,895 4,597 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 0 
Current Level Total ............. 73,693 32,079 Total OCO/GWOT Spending vs. Budget Resolution ................... 0 0 
BA = Budget Authority; OT = Outlays 
1This allocation may be adjusted by the Chairman of the Budget Com-mittee to account for new information, pursuant to section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.001 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES24 January 11, 2016 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 2016 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ................................. 19,100 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 600 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 9,458 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 725 Homeland Security ........................................................... 176 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 6,799 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 17,786 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥1,314 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 2016 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2016 ............................................................................ 10,800 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 9,000 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND—Continued 
(Budget authority, millions of dollars) 2016 
Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 9,000 Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥1,800 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, January 11, 2016. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2016 budget and is current through January 5, 2016. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. Since our last letter dated December 2, 2015, the Congress has cleared and the Presi-dent has signed the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues for fiscal year 2016: Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94); Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–105); Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113); and Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (Public Law 114–115). Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF JANUARY 5, 2016 
(In billions of dollars) Budget Resolution Current Level
a Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............. 3,069.8 3,208.7 138.9 Outlays ............................ 3,091.2 3,194.9 103.6 Revenues ......................... 2,676.0 2,520.7 ¥155.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
b 777.1 777.1 0.0 Social Security Revenues 794.0 794.0 0.0 
SOURCE: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes emergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
bExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016, AS OF JANUARY 5, 2016 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacteda Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,676,733 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 1,968,496 1,902,345 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 500,825 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥784,820 ¥784,879 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,183,676 1,618,291 2,676,733 Enacted Legislation: An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes (P.L. 114–25) ........................... ........................................................................................ 0 20 0 Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) .......................................................... 0 0 5 Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 44 5 175 ¥766 Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 5 5 0 Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41)
b............................................................................................................................... 0 0 99 Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–53) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 700 775 0 Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–55) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 130  0 0 Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................... ¥2 368 0 Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 0 0 40 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,424 4,870 269 Recovery Improvements for Small Entities Atter Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ........................................................................................................... 0 1 0 National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... .................................................................................................................... ¥66 ¥50 0 Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (P.L. 114–94) ...................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,88 0 252 471 Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–105) .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 269 269 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113)
b............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 2,008,016 1,563,177 ¥156,107 Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (P.L. 114–115) ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 32 32  0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 2,015,833 1,569,894 ¥155,989 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... 9,170 6,674 0 Total Current Level
c............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,208,67 9 3,194,859 2,520,744 Total Senate Resolution
d............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 3,069,829 3,091, 246 2,675,967 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 138,850 103,613 n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 155,223 Memorandum: Revenues, 2016–2025:.Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... n.a. n.a. 31,755,032 Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. n.a. n.a. 32,233,099 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 478,067 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
a.Includes the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues, and were cleared by the Congress during this se ssion, but before the adoption of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016: the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014 (P.L. 114–1); the Department of Homeland Security Approp riations Act, 2015 (P.L. 114–4), and the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 10). 
b.Emergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget a nd Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall not count for certain budgetary enforcement pur- poses. These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–41) ................................... ........................................................................................................ 0 917 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......¥2 0 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.036 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S25 January 11, 2016 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................¥2 917 0 
c.For purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
d.Periodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con Res. 11, pursuant to various provisions  of the resolution. The Initial Senate Resolution total below excludes $6,872 million in budget authority and $344 million in outlays assumed in S. Con. Res. 11 for disaster-related spending. The Revised Senate Resolution total below  includes amounts for disaster-related spending: Initial Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 3,032,343 3,091,098 2,676,733 Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4311 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 445 175 ¥766 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 700 700 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and S. Con. Res. 11 ............................................ ............................................................................................. 0 1 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 269 269 0 Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 3404 of S. Con. Res. 11 ............................ ................................................................................... 36,072 ¥997 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,069,829 3,091,246 2,675,967 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS, AS OF JANUARY 5, 2016 
(In millions of dollars) 2015–2020 2015–2025 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 0 0 Enacted Legislation.
bcd  Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–17)
e............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................... n.e. n.e. Construction Authorization and Choice Improvement Act (P.L. 114–19) ............................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 20 20 Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–22) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 1 2 Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Discipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015 (P.L. 114– 23) ............................................................................................... * * An act to extend the authorization to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Af fairs in Denver, Colorado (P.L. 114–25) ...................................... 150 150 Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act & Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (P .L. 114–26) ................................................................................. ¥1 ¥5 Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–27) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .....................¥640 ¥52 Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act (P.L. 114–30)
f............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 0 0 Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–40) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 13 28 Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 (Pl. 114–41) .................................... ....................................................................................................................... ¥1,552 ¥6,924 Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–54) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... * * Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–58) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 624 624 Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act (P.L. 114–60) ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...............¥32 ¥2 Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–62) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... * * Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–63) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. * * Adoptive Family Relief Act (P.L. 114–70) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... * * Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–73) ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. * * Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–74) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..........................¥15,050 ¥71,315 Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–81) ............................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. * * Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–88) .............................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 2 2 Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act (P.L. 114–89) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... * * National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (P.L. 114–92) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............¥194 ¥10 Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–93) .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. * * Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (P.L. 114–94)
g............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................... ¥3,845 ¥18,144 Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act (P.L. 114–97) ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ * * Breast Cancer Research Stamp Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–99) ......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......¥1 0 Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–102) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... * * Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–104) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. * * Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–105) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...........¥14 ¥13 Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–106) .............................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............ * * National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015 (P.L. 114–107) .................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... * * Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015 (Pt. 114–109) ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... * * Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (P.L. 114–113)
h............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 2 4 Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (P.L. 114–115) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 36 ¥1 
Current Balance ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... ¥20,481 ¥95,626 
Memorandum: ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 2015–2020 2015–2025 Changes to Revenues ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 17,030 36,732 Changes to Outlays ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... ¥3,451 ¥58,894 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.e. = not able to estimate; P.L. = Public Law. * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. a. Pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was reset to zero. b. The amounts shown represent the estimated impact of the public laws on the deficit. Negative numbers indicate an increase in  the deficit; positive numbers indicate a decrease in the deficit. c. Excludes off-budget amounts. d. Excludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. e. P.L. 114–17 could affect direct spending and revenues, but such impacts would depend on future actions of the President that  CBO cannot predict. (http://www.cbogov/sites/default/files/cbofiles/attachments/s615.pdf) f. P.L. 114–30 will cause a decrease in spending of $5 million in 2017 and an increase in spending of $5 million in 2019 for a net impact of zero over the six-year and eleven-year periods. g. The budgetary effects associated with the Federal Reserve Surplus Funds are excluded from the PAYGO Scorecard in P.L. 114–94  pursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290, the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001 (106th Congress). h. The budgetary effects of divisions M through Q are not reflected in the PAYGO Scorecard pursuant to section 1001(b) of Title  X of Division O of P.L. 114–113. 
HONORING TECHNICAL SERGEANT JOSEPH G. LEMM Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I would like to pay tribute today to the life of TSgt Joseph G. Lemm who was killed while serving his country in Af-ghanistan. It was his third tour of duty in Afghanistan. Joe was born in Du-buque, IA, and lived in the nearby town of Bernard as a young child. He was a police officer in New York City and served in the New York Air National Guard. Clearly, his was a life of public service, defending his fellow Americans both at home and abroad. His willingness to repeatedly put him-self in harm’s way speaks volumes about his courage and character. I am told that he was often called Su-perman, and like Superman, Joe spent his life defending ‘‘Truth, Justice, and the American Way.’’ He will be remem-bered for his extraordinary love of country and family. My prayers go out to his wife, Chris-tine; his daughter, Brooke; his son, Ryan; as well as his mother, Shirley, and his father, Charles. Their pre-mature loss will leave an enormous hole in their lives, but they can be very proud of the life Joe lived. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REAR ADMIRAL JOAN HUNTER Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the efforts of RADM Joan Hunter during her tenure as the Assistant Joint Surgeon at the National Guard Bureau, Joint Surgeon General’s Office, Psychological Health, NGB, JSG-PH. In this capacity, RADM Hunter has served as principal staff and adviser to the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau. As a member of the Joint Sur-geon’s Office, RADM Hunter partnered with the J1, Manpower and Personnel Directorate, and the J32, the Counterdrug Division, to direct serv-ices to address the psychological health needs of Guard members and their families. Her most significant contribution was building the National Guard’s psychological health program, which meant placing a director of psy-chological health in every State, wing, and territory based on the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.038 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES26 January 11, 2016 
of Defense’s Mental Health Task Force Report recommendations. As a com-missioned officer in the U.S. Public Health Service, RADM Hunter is a shining example of how the whole gov-ernment can come together to address mental health issues in our military. I have had the honor and pleasure of working closely with RADM Hunter during her time at NGB, and I am grateful for her leadership, energy, and innovation. Mental health is a critical readiness issue for all our servicemem-bers, and the Department of Defense has made important progress in im-proving the mental health and resil-ience of our force. Unfortunately, in the past, the unique needs and chal-lenges faced by our Guard members and Reservists were often neglected by pro-grams designed to serve the Active component. Under RADM Hunter’s di-rection, that is changing. She has made a real, tangible impact on the lives of Guard members, and in doing so, she has done a tremendous service to our Nation and our communities. RADM Hunter is a champion in the fight to combat military suicide, im-prove mental health and resiliency among our servicemembers, and field the strongest fighting force the world has ever known. She has been an espe-cially valued partner in this under-taking, and while she will be sorely missed at NGB, I know she will con-tinue to do great things for our coun-try. I wish RADM Hunter the best of luck in her new assignment and thank her for her dedicated service to our men and women in the National Guard. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH PENNSYLVANIA FARM SHOW Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish to commemorate the 100th Pennsyl-vania Farm Show, which is being held this week in Harrisburg, PA. Established in 1917, the Pennsylvania Farm Show is held every January and showcases the Commonwealth’s vi-brant farming traditions and finest foods. With 24 acres of exhibition space, it is the Nation’s largest indoor agri-cultural event. This year’s show will display more than 13,000 exhibits and is anticipated to draw half a million visi-tors from across the Nation. The farm show always provides free admission and allows everyone the chance to learn more about Pennsyl-vania agriculture. It hosts a wide vari-ety of events and displays including livestock exhibits, art displays, and educational workshops. In addition to its hands-on exhibits, the farm show allows visitors to sam-ple products that are grown and pro-duced in Pennsylvania. Farmers dis-play their fruits and vegetables while vendors sell local favorites, including pretzels, apple butter, and shoofly pie. As the occupant of the Senate candy desk, I would be remiss not to recog-nize the small, family-owned candy companies that also sell their products at the farm show. With a nod toward education, the Pennsylvania Farm Show sponsors the scholarship foundation for students pursuing their post-secondary edu-cation in the agriculture field. Since its creation, the foundation has do-nated over $1 million in scholarships to youth involved in 4–H, Future Farmers of America, and other agriculture orga-nizations. It is encouraging to see such a strong commitment to agriculture’s continued success in Pennsylvania for the foreseeable future. This weekend, my family and I will attend the 2016 Pennsylvania Farm Show. Farming is a vital component to Pennsylvania’s economy, and I am proud of our State’s dairy, livestock, and agriculture products. I look for-ward to the farm show every year, and I encourage all Pennsylvanians to at-tend this event to experience firsthand our State’s rich agriculture history. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF LEE, NH ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Lee, NH, a town in Straf-ford County that is celebrating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am proud to join citizens across New Hampshire in recognizing this special milestone. Lee was originally settled in 1657 and was officially incorporated in 1766 by colonial Governor Benning Wentworth. In the century leading up to its incor-poration, Lee was part of Durham and the Oyster River Plantation. Lee was also one of the last towns to be incor-porated by Governor Wentworth. Wadleigh Falls, located in Lee, is a historic landmark and one of the oldest areas in New Hampshire to be inhab-ited by humans. Abenaki and Penacook tribes would come to the falls for hunt-ing, fishing, and farming as far back as 8,000 years ago. Upon settlement, the Europeans would follow in the Native Americans’ footsteps and use the falls to their economic advantage. The set-tlers started using this site in 1657, and the first mill was built in 1665. Mills in Lee processed timber, grain, leather, wooden buckets, and herbal medicines. Generous clay deposits and the town’s lumber mill system allowed Lee to be-come a valued location for industry in the early history of the United States. The town’s agricultural tradition has also been very important to Lee and its many farms that are still operating today. In addition to its agricultural advan-tages, Lee is also known for its unique landscape features including scenic plains, meadows, winding streams, brooks, and Wheelwright Pond, named after Reverend John Wheelwright. Today Lee’s students and families enjoy an exceptional education system, thanks in large part to a tradition of learning and knowledge that has long been ingrained in the community. The Oyster River Cooperative School Dis-trict is consistently regarded as one of the top school districts in the State of New Hampshire. The town’s population has grown from 1,029 residents in 1790 to over 4,300 in 2013. The people of Lee have a strong commitment to the spirit of commu-nity and volunteerism as evidenced by the hard work and dedication of resi-dents involved with the planning of many events to celebrate the town’s 250th anniversary. Lee and its residents have greatly contributed to the life and growth of New Hampshire. I ask my colleagues to join me in extending congratulations to the people of Lee as they celebrate the town’s 250th anniversary. ∑ f 
CONGRATULATING MIKE SULLIVAN ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, it is with great pleasure that I wish to honor my friend, former Wyoming Gov-ernor Mike Sullivan, who is being rec-ognized as the 2016 National Western Stock Show’s Citizen of the West. It is fitting that Mike was chosen for this special award. He joins a long line of honorees known for their values, inge-nuity, and hard work. Mike, a cowboy in every sense of the word, carries these traits and many more in his heart and soul. Mike grew up in the prairie lands of Douglas, WY. His formative years were spent riding horses, shooting coffee cans, and enjoying the vast opportuni-ties for recreation around the area. This appreciation led to a lifelong love of the State and her people. He was enamored with one Wyoming native in particular. Mike met Jane Metzler, who was born in Riverton and raised in Powell, during their studies at the University of Wyoming. Both of them were involved in social clubs and organizations. They even served to-gether in the Associated Students of the University of Wyoming Student Senate. In 1961, the sweethearts were married. As they put down roots in Casper, they never lost sight of the im-portant values that guide the people of our great State. Wyoming is the first State to adopt an official code of ethics, which we proudly call our Cowboy Ethics. This list of 10 principles serves as a guide for the modern cowboy and represents the distinct values that the American West is famous for. One of the tenets, ‘‘Take pride in your work,’’ brings to mind Mike and his incredible work ethic. With a petro-leum engineering degree and a law de-gree, both earned at the University of Wyoming, Mike set his sights on prac-ticing law. Well-loved and respected by many in the State, he ran—and was elected—to be Wyoming’s 29th Gov-ernor in 1986. During his two terms, he governed the way he practiced law, with common sense and general de-cency. His leadership was crucial as at that time the State was experiencing one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:56 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.012 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S27 January 11, 2016 
its most economically trying periods. Falling oil and gas prices provided an opportunity for him to reach across the aisle and work with Democrats and Re-publicans alike to develop solutions to benefit the State and her residents. He is well known for his bipartisanship, which has brought lasting change and has resulted in a better quality of life for everyone living in the West. His political career did not end after serving as Governor. In 1999, President Bill Clinton appointed him to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to Ireland. He graciously accepted the position, and he and Jane moved to Dublin. His serv-ice as Ambassador surpassed all expec-tations of success. Mike was instru-mental in the implementation of the Good Friday Agreement in the United Kingdom. With his special brand of warmth, humility, and integrity, Mike dutifully served both the United States and the world in this important role. Another of the principles listed in the Cowboy Ethics code is ‘‘Ride for the brand.’’ Upon meeting him, it is immediately apparent that Mike lives and breathes the spirit of the West. He has an intimate knowledge of the issues facing western States today, in-cluding the challenges of balancing en-ergy development with natural re-source preservation. He is a natural leader, and his pas-sion for the State has served him well in many other important roles. During his tenure as Governor, he was the chairman of the Western Governors’ Association, as well as the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission, which focuses on the responsible, envi-ronmentally sound development of America’s oil and gas resources. He has won numerous awards in honor of his service and commitment to giving back, including a Distinguished Serv-ice Medal from the Wyoming National Guard, an award of merit from the Wy-oming Heritage Society, and the Presi-dent’s Award from the Wyoming State Bar. Despite these grand honors, Mike remains humble, choosing to spend time with his wife and family while en-hancing his community and State. He certainly does ride for the brand. Mike’s accomplishments are numer-ous, and for every one of them, his be-loved wife, Jane Metzler Sullivan, has been by his side. As a third generation Wyoming native, Jane possesses an in-credible value system reflective of the State’s moral compass. Every bit a presence as her husband, Jane prides herself on making contributions to her community and State. She once said, ‘‘Communities give us the opportunity to make our lives meaningful.’’ The couple has been married for 54 years. Today, they enjoy the company of their three children and their spouses: Michelle Sullivan and Bryan Kuehl, Patrick and Ming Sullivan, and The-resa and JR Twiford. They adore their seven grandchildren: Patrick, Maggie, Caitie, Caitlyn, Michael, Jack, and Julia. I am confident that both Mike and Jane delight in sharing the best parts of their souls with their loving family. Mike has been gifted with bright ideas and a subtle sense of humor. He is jovial and kind and remains deeply ac-tive in the community of Casper. Folks who know him love him. He is a sea-soned diplomat, a generous patron, and a passionate advocate for Wyoming. He champions Wyoming’s cowboy spirit, and his mission to preserve and share the legacy of the American West with others is truly outstanding. I invite my colleagues to join me in celebrating this incredible man as he is named the 2016 Citizen of the West. We simply could not ask for a better lead-er, role model, or friend.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING OZELL SUTTON ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the life and legacy of civil rights activist Ozell Sutton. A native of Gould, AR, Sutton paved the way for desegregation in the Natural State and throughout the South along-side Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and other civil rights leaders. After graduating from Dubar High School in Little Rock, Sutton studied at Philander Smith College where he earned a degree in political science. He broke barriers as the Arkansas Democrat’s first Black journalist. In 2012, he shared the story of his hiring, saying that he didn’t know anything about journalism but was hired because the Democrat ‘‘wanted to reach the black community.’’ He worked at the newspaper for 7 years where he made a difference in how the newspaper covered the Afri-can-American community. He chal-lenged the status quo, inspiring change in the news stories to refer to Black men and women as ‘‘Mr.’’ and ‘‘Mrs.,’’ just as it did with the White popu-lation. Sutton was an activist serving as a decoy at Central High School in 1957 when the Little Rock Nine integrated the school. He recalled being beaten after the mob figured out he was a decoy. He led integration efforts in Arkan-sas while serving as assistant director of the Arkansas Council on Human Re-lations from 1961 to 1966 and joined civil rights leaders to pave the way for equality across the country. He joined the historic march on Washington and marched for voting rights in Selma. Following the death of Dr. King, he served Governor Winthrop Rockefeller as the director of the Governor’s Coun-cil on Human Resources from 1968–1970 and continued his public service with the U.S. Department of Justice Com-munity Relations Services. In 1972 he was appointed the director in the southeast region. He held that position until his retirement in 2003. As a member of Alpha Phi Alpha, Sutton served as regional vice presi-dent of the southwest region and southern region before going on to serve as the 26th general president. In 2012, Sutton was presented a Con-gressional Gold Medal as one of the first African Americans to serve in the U.S. Marine Corps. Ozell Sutton dedicated his life to bettering the lives of future genera-tions. He was a true American hero whose leadership helped fight desegre-gation and lay the foundation for equality. My thoughts and prayers go out to his family during this difficult time.∑ f 
HONOR FLIGHT NORTHERN COLORADO ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks to honor the veterans of Honor Flight Northern Colorado. The material follows: 
HONOR FLIGHT NORTHERN COLORADO  Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the veterans of Honor Flight North-ern Colorado and the organization’s 15th trip to Washington, DC. This group includes vet-erans from various wars and generations, but all are linked by their service to our coun-try. Ten years ago, the Honor Flight was cre-ated to fly veterans that had served in World War II to Washington, DC so they could visit the World War II memorial. Now, the Honor Flight welcomes veterans from across the country to fly to Washington, DC, free of charge, to visit the memorials of the wars these heroic veterans fought. Currently, there are more than 21.8 million veterans liv-ing in the United States, and this growing population is continuously deserving of rec-ognition. No matter the conflict, these vet-erans made exceptional sacrifices in order to serve and defend our country. Of the 123 veterans on the most recent Honor Flight, 13 served in World War II, 43 served in Korea, and 67 served in Vietnam. Please join me in honoring Paul Bechthold, Floyd Cooper, Raymond Ernest, Charles Hoelscher, Joseph Isley, Carl Johnson, Fred-erick Kaehler, Rex McFadden, Allan Meenen, William Ramsey, Donald Stephens, John Ulvang, Ceylon Weller, Robert Ault, Adolfo Benavides, Henry Bjorklund, Edwin Bowker, Albert Cain, Kenneth Creamer, Robert Crouch, Gerald Donnelly, Robert Eckhardt, Gary Eyre, William Ferguson, Elmer Fortin, Glen Geilenkirchen, James Gribben, Kent Grimsley, Walter Harris, Warren Hawkins, Carl Heufel, Eugene Hitchman, Neil Hoff-man, Frank Hummel, Harold Jochum, Eldon Johnson, Roy Johnson, Michael Kennedy, Jimmie Kramer, Burman Lorenson, Robert McCauley, Gerald Meis, Robert Plick, Don-ald Reininger, Earl Reynolds, William Rich-ardson, Royal Ryser, Merle Sapp, Raymond Schmitz, Ralph Sherman, Ned Steel, Vernon Sterkel, Richard Vandewalker, Richard Weinmeister, Donald Wiseman, Paul Zim-merman, Walter Amack, Ernest Anderson, Bruce Avery, Allen Brink, Wayne Burris, Gary Cain, James Christopher, Richard Cobb, Harold Colaizzi, Harold Collins, Wil-liam Deivert, Russell Emmons, Michael Ferrell, Osia Fox, Robert Goodwin, Jerald Gossel, Josef Gruenwald, David Hallahan, Charles Ham, Calvin Hamilton Jr., Arnold Hart, Leland Haskell, Charles Hixon, Mi-chael Jacomet, Dale Jenkins, Doyle Jenkins, Jimmie Johnston, Patrick Kistler, Edward Lobb, Danny Lynn, Thomas Marlo, Manuel Martinez, John McCarthy, Edward Meikel, Marilyn Miyaima, Royce Modisette, Stephen Mulvihill, Charles Munroe, Rueben Olivas Jr., Edward Olson, Ralph Otte, Stephen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.004 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES28 January 11, 2016 
Pangrac, Jerry Park, Linda Plick, Thomas Pusel, Phillip Rangel, William Rhodes, John Robley, Rodney Rodriguez, Christopher Ro-mero, Reuben Sanchez, Kenneth Sheppard, Wayne Shortridge, Walter Silva, Dennis Sindelir, James Spears, Thomas Steinbach, Robert Stolz, David Stout, Raymond Stroot, Floyd Taladay, Dennis Teter, Larry Uhlenkott, Robert Wheeler, Everett Winkler, William Vick, Merle Wood. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT OF THE VETO OF S.J. RES. 23, PROVIDING FOR CON-GRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVI-RONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-CY RELATING TO ‘‘STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE FOR GREEN-HOUSE GAS EMISSIONS FROM NEW, MODIFIED, AND RECON-STRUCTED STATIONARY SOURCES: ELECTRIC UTILITY GENERATING UNITS’’, RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON DECEMBER 18, 2015— PM 34 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk: 
f 
MEMORANDUM OF DISAPPROVAL S.J. Res. 23 is a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5 of the United States Code of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) relating to ‘‘Standards of Per-formance for Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions from New, Modified, and Recon-structed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units.’’ This resolu-tion would nullify EPA’s carbon pollu-tion standards for new, modified, and reconstructed power plants. Accord-ingly, I am withholding my approval of this resolution. (The Pocket Veto Case, 279 U.S. 655 (1929)). Climate change poses a profound threat to our future and future genera-tions. Atmospheric levels of carbon di-oxide, a primary greenhouse gas, are higher than they have been in at least 800,000 years. In 2009, EPA determined that greenhouse gas pollution endan-gers Americans’ health and welfare by causing long-lasting changes in the cli-mate that can have, and are already having, a range of negative effects on human health, the climate, and the en-vironment. We are already seeing the impacts of climate change, and estab-lished science confirms that we will ex-perience stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons, and other intensified impacts as the planet warms. The Pentagon has determined that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security. Power plants are the largest source of greenhouse gas pollution in our country. Although we have limits on other dangerous pollutants from power plants, the carbon pollution standards and the Clean Power Plan ensure that we will finally have national standards to reduce the amount of carbon pollu-tion that our power plants can emit. The carbon pollution standards will ensure that, when we make major in-vestments in power generation infra-structure, we also deploy available technologies to make that infrastruc-ture as low-emitting as possible. By blocking these standards from taking effect, S.J. Res. 23 would delay our transition to cleaner electricity gener-ating technologies by enabling contin-ued build-out of outdated, high-pol-luting infrastructure. Because it would overturn carbon pollution standards that are critical to protecting against climate change and ensuring the health and well-being of our Nation, I cannot support the resolution. To leave no doubt that the resolution is being vetoed, in addition to with-holding my signature, I am returning S.J. Res. 23 to the Secretary of the Senate, along with this Memorandum of Disapproval. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2015. 
ONEHUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA  
AT THE FIRST SESSION  Began and held at the City of Washington on Tuesday, the sixth day of January, two thousand and fifteen J
OINT RESOLUTION  Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress disapproves the rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions from New, Modified, and Recon-structed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64510 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall have no force or ef-fect. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. O
RRIN HATCH , President of the Senate pro tempore. f 
REPORT OF THE VETO OF S.J. RES. 24, PROVIDING FOR CON-GRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE ENVI-RONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-CY RELATING TO ‘‘CARBON POL-LUTION EMISSION GUIDELINES FOR EXISTING STATIONARY SOURCES: ELECTRIC UTILITY GENERATING UNITS’’, RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE ON DECEMBER 18, 2015— PM 35 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk: 
f 
MEMORANDUM OF DISAPPROVAL S.J. Res. 24 is a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5 of the United States Code of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units.’’ This resolution would nullify the Clean Power Plan, the first national standards to address climate- destabilizing greenhouse gas pollution from existing power plants. Accord-ingly, I am withholding my approval of this resolution. (The Pocket Veto Case, 279 U.S. 655 (1929)). Climate change poses a profound threat to our future and future genera-tions. Atmospheric levels of carbon di-oxide, a primary greenhouse gas, are higher than they have been in at least 800,000 years. In 2009, EPA determined that greenhouse gas pollution endan-gers Americans’ health and welfare by causing long-lasting changes in the cli-mate that can have, and are already having, a range of negative effects on human health, the climate, and the en-vironment. We are already seeing the impacts of climate change, and estab-lished science confirms that we will ex-perience stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons, and other intensified impacts as the planet warms. The Pentagon has determined that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security. The Clean Power Plan is a tremen-dously important step in the fight against global climate change. It is projected to reduce carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. It builds on progress States and the power sector are al-ready making to move toward cleaner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.033 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S29 January 11, 2016 
energy production, and gives States the time and flexibility they need to develop tailored, cost-effective plans to reduce their emissions. By nullifying the Clean Power Plan, S.J. Res. 24 not only threatens ongoing progress to-ward cleaner energy, but would also eliminate public health and other bene-fits of up to $54 billion per year by 2030, including thousands fewer premature deaths from air pollution and thou-sands fewer childhood asthma attacks each year. The Clean Power Plan is essential in addressing the largest source of green-house gas pollution in our country. It is past time to act to mitigate climate impacts on American communities. Be-cause the resolution would overturn the Clean Power Plan, which is critical to protecting against climate change and ensuring the health and well-being of our Nation, I cannot support it. To leave no doubt that the resolution is being vetoed, in addition to with-holding my signature, I am returning S.J. Res. 24 to the Secretary of the Senate, along with this Memorandum of Disapproval. B
ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2015. 
ONEHUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA  
AT THE FIRST SESSION  Begun and held at the City of Washington on Tuesday, the sixth day of January, two thousand and fifteen J
OINT RESOLUTION  Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Car-bon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Exist-ing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units’’. 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress disapproves the rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollu-tion Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64662 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
PAULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. O
RRIN HATCH , President of the Senate pro tempore. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE SUB-SEQUENT TO SINE DIE ADJOURN-MENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on December 22, 2015, subsequent to the sine die adjournment of the Sen-ate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. U
PTON ) has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2425. An act to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation tech-nology and certain radiation therapy serv-ices, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 pay-ment adjustments, and for other purposes. H.R. 1321. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the manufacture and introduction or deliv-ery for introduction into interstate com-merce of rinseoff cosmetics containing inten-tionally-added plastic microbeads. Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on December 22, 2015, subsequent to the sine die ad-journment of the Senate, by the Presi-dent pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the order of the Senate of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on January 7, 2016, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House agreed to H. Res. 577, resolving that the Clerk of the House inform the Senate that a quorum of the House is present and that the House is ready to proceed with business. The message also announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3762. An act to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of December 18, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on January 7, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
OTTON ). The message also announced that pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), amended by the division P of the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, 2003 (22 U.S.C. 6901), the Minority Leader re-appoints the fol-lowing members to the United States- China Economic and Security Review Commission: Ms. Carolyn Bartholomew of Washington D.C. and Mr. Jefferey L. Fiedler of Great Falls, Virginia. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 2:05 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 712. An act to impose certain limita-tions on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accord-ance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes. H.R. 1155. An act to provide for the estab-lishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes. H.R. 1927. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class ac-tion litigation. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 712. An act to impose certain limita-tions on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accord-ance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. H.R. 1155. An act to provide for the estab-lishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1927. An act to amend title 28, United States Code, to improve fairness in class ac-tion litigation; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2434. A bill to provide that any executive action that infringes on the powers and du-ties of Congress under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States has no force or effect, and to prohibit the use of funds for certain purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3952. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE335) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3953. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish Hook-and-Line Component’’ (RIN0648–XE215) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3954. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE342) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3955. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.017 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES30 January 11, 2016 
‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XE296) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3956. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; 2015–2016 Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Florida West Coast Northern Subzone’’ (RIN0648–XE326) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 16, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3957. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Spinosad; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9933–41–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 17, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3958. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pesticides; Revisions to Minimum Risk Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9934–44–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–3959. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ammonium Acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9939–39–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3960. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-propenoic Acid Homopolymer, Re-action Products with poly(oxy-1,2- ethanediyl), a-(tris(l-phenylethyl)phenyl)-w- hydroxy, tris(2-hydroxyethyl)amine salt); Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9939–71– OCSPP) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3961. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Propiconazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9939–83–OCSPP) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3962. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Com-modity Credit Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Payment Limi-tation and Payment Eligibility; Actively En-gaged in Farming’’ (RIN0560–AI31) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 30, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3963. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap En-tities; Final Rule’’ (RIN1557–AD43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3964. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap En-tities; Interim Final Rule’’ (RIN1557–AD00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–3965. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of admiral in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777a, for a period not to exceed 14 days before assuming the duties of the position for which the higher grade is authorized; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3966. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3967. A communication from the Senior Congressional Liaison, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure (Regulation C) Adjustment to Asset-Size Exemption Thresh-old’’ (12 CFR Part 1003) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 31, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3968. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to the Capital Plan and Stress Test Rules’’ ((RIN7100–AE33) (12 CFR Parts 225 and 252)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3969. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment of Financial Assets Transferred in Connection With a Securitization or Par-ticipation’’ (RIN3064–AE32) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3970. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to ter-rorists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3971. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3972. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3973. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspended Counterparty Program’’ (RIN2590–AA60) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3974. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3975. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Commerce’s Bu-reau of Industry and Security Annual Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3976. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a six-month periodic report relative to the continuation of the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was originally de-clared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3977. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Amend-ments: FHFA Address and Zip Code Change.’’ (RIN2590–AA79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3978. A communication from the Senior Congressional Liaison, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) Ad-justment to Asset-Size Exemption Thresh-old’’ (12 CFR Part 1026) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 31, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3979. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment; Texas; Houston-Galveston-Brazoria 1997 Ozone Non-attainment Area; Determination of Attain-ment of the 1997 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9940–63–Region 6) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3980. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington; Removal of Obsolete Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9940–93–Re-gion 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3981. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; SD; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9939–87–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 17, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.023 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S31 January 11, 2016 
2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3982. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Offset of Tax Refund Payments to Collect Past-Due Support’’ ((RIN1510–AA10) (31 CFR Part 285)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3983. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Prior Authorization Process for Certain Durable Medical Equipment, Pros-thetics, Orthotics, and Supplies’’ ((RIN0938– AR85) (CMS–6050–F)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3984. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inflation-Adjusted Items for 2015 for Certain Civil Penalties Under the Internal Revenue Code’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–11) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3985. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—January 2016’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–1) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3986. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Mileage Rate’’ (Notice 2016–1) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3987. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Tax Treat-ment of Identity Protection Services’’ (An-nouncement 2016–02) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 4, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3988. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hepatitis C Virus ‘Lookback’ Requirements Based on Review of Historical Testing Records; Technical Amendment’’ ((RIN0910–AB76) (Docket No. FDA–1999–N–0114, formerly 1999N–2337)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3989. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Uniform Administrative Require-ments, Cost Principles, and Audit Require-ments for Federal Awards Technical Amend-ments’’ (RIN1205–AB71) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3990. A communication from the Chair-man, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘Training and Development for the Sen-ior Executive Service: A Necessary Invest-ment’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3991. A communication from the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3992. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of the Social Security Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3993. A communication from the Execu-tive Director of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3994. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Sole Source Contracts for Women-Owned Small Businesses’’ ((RIN9000– AN13) (FAC 2005–86)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3995. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; New Designated Countries— Montenegro and New Zealand’’ ((RIN9000– AN15) (FAC 2005–86)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3996. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Report on Advisory Neighbor-hood Commissions’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3997. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of Social Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Agency Financial Report for Fiscal Year 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3998. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department of State’s Agency Finan-cial Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–3999. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Advisory Neighborhood Commission Security Fund Annual Financial Report for Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4000. A communication from the Chair, Federal Election Commission, transmitting proposed legislation; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. EC–4001. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Benefits Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Payment of Emergency Medication by VA’’ (RIN2900–AP34) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–4002. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Veterans Benefits Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Requirement to File Direct-Pay Fee Agreements with the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel’’ (RIN2900–AP28) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 2437. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the burial of the cremated remains of persons who served as Women’s Air Forces Service Pilots in Arling-ton National Cemetery, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K
ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. Res. 343. A resolution relative to the death of Dale Bumpers, former United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.025 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES32 January 11, 2016 
Senator for the State of Arkansas; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 224 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 224, a bill to ensure the United States promotes women’s meaningful inclusion and participation in medi-ation and negotiation processes under-taken in order to prevent, mitigate, and resolve violent conflict and imple-ments the United States National Ac-tion Plan on Women, Peace, and Secu-rity. 
S. 290 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 290, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Sen-ator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 711 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 711, a bill to amend sec-tion 520J of the Public Service Health Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1315 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1315, a bill to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibi-tions. 
S. 1473 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1473, a bill to authorize the appro-priation of funds to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention for con-ducting or supporting research on fire-arms safety or gun violence prevention. S. 1651 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1651, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination provisions. 
S. 1697 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1697, a bill to provide an exception from certain group health plan require-ments to allow small businesses to use pre-tax dollars to assist employees in the purchase of policies in the indi-vidual health insurance market, and for other purposes. 
S. 1709 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1709, a bill to reduce risks to the financial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky ac-tivities and limiting conflicts of inter-est, to reinstate certain Glass-Steagall Act protections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1747 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1747, a bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Fed-eral jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2034, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide addi-tional aggravating factors for the im-position of the death penalty based on the status of the victim. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EURE-KA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. COTTON ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2144, a bill to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2200 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2200, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
S. 2232 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2232, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comp-troller General of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2235, a bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2291 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2291, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish procedures within the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for the processing of whistle-blower complaints, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2407 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2407, a bill to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to each of J. Christopher Stevens, Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, and Sean Smith in rec-ognition of their contributions to the Nation. 
S. 2426 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. 2426, a bill to direct the Secretary of State to develop a strategy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organi-zation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2427 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2427, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2434 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2434, a bill to provide that any execu-tive action that infringes on the pow-ers and duties of Congress under sec-tion 8 of article I of the Constitution of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.027 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S33 January 11, 2016 
the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States has no force or effect, and to prohibit the use of funds for cer-tain purposes. 
S. 2436 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2436, a bill to provide for cer-tain assistance and reforms relating to the territories, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 25 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S.J. Res. 25, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 143, a resolution supporting efforts to ensure that students have ac-cess to debt-free higher education. 
S. RES. 337 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 337, a resolution expressing support for the designation of February 12, 2016, as ‘‘Darwin Day’’ and recognizing the importance of science in the betterment of humanity. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 343—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF DALE BUMPERS, FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR FOR THE STATE OF ARKANSAS Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EIDof Ne-vada, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K
IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. PETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED of Rhode Island, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 343 Whereas Dale Bumpers was born in Frank-lin County, Arkansas, attended the public schools of Arkansas, and the University of Arkansas; Whereas Dale Bumpers was admitted to the Arkansas bar in 1952 and commenced practice in Charleston, Arkansas, where he was born, and where he proudly proclaimed he was the best lawyer in a one-lawyer town; Whereas Dale Bumpers served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II; Whereas Dale Bumpers served his beloved State of Arkansas as Special Justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court in 1968, and the Governor of Arkansas from 1970 to 1974; Whereas Dale Bumpers was first elected to the United States Senate in 1974 and served four terms as a Senator from the State of Arkansas with honor and distinction; Whereas Dale Bumpers served the Senate as Chairman of the Committee on Small Business in the One Hundredth through One Hundred Third Congresses; Whereas Dale Bumpers is remembered fondly in the Senate for his story-telling style of oratory and his use of the full length of his extended microphone cord, which al-lowed him to walk up and down the aisles of the Senate chamber as he spoke: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the an-nouncement of the death of the Dale Bump-ers, former member of the United States Senate. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate these resolutions to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns today, it stand adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Dale Bumpers. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 11, 2016, at 5 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Recent North Korea Nu-clear Event.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING APPOINTMENT OF ESCORT COMMITTEE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Pre-siding Officer of the Senate be author-ized to appoint a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m. on Tuesday, January 12, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RELATIVE TO THE DEATH OF DALE BUMPERS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 343, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 343) relative to the death of Dale Bumpers, former United States Senator for the State of Arkansas. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 343) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Janu-ary 12; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 12:30 p.m., with the first hour equally divided and with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; further, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings; finally, that at 2:15 p.m., the Sen-ate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 2232, with the time until 2:30 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.029 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES34 January 11, 2016 
provisions of S. Res. 343 as a further mark of respect to the late Dale Bump-ers, former United States Senator from Arkansas. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:46 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, January 12, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS  
AND BROKERS  
RAYMOND G. FARMER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NA-TIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF ONE YEAR. (NEW POSITION) THOMAS MCLEARY, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIA-TION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. (NEW POSITION) MICHAEL J. ROTHMAN, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. (NEW POSITION) HEATHER ANN STEINMILLER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE NA-TIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS. (NEW POSITION) 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
NELSON REYNERI, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRI-VATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING DECEMBER 17, 2018, VICE MATTHEW MAXWELL TAY-LOR KENNEDY, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
TODD A. WEILER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE JESSICA LYNN WRIGHT, RESIGNED. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
JOHN MARK MCWATTERS, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2019, VICE SEAN ROBERT MULVANEY, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KELLY KEIDERLING–FRANZ, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ORIENTAL REPUBLIC OF URUGUAY. STEPHEN MICHAEL SCHWARTZ, OF MARYLAND, A CA-REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF SOMALIA. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MARK A. BAIRD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JAMES R. BARKLEY BRIG. GEN. KIMBERLY A. CRIDER BRIG. GEN. DAVID B. O’BRIEN BRIG. GEN. ERIC S. OVERTURF BRIG. GEN. WALTER J. SAMS BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. STOKES BRIG. GEN. CURTIS L. WILLIAMS BRIG. GEN. EDWARD P. YARISH THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PAIGE P. HUNTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT S. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. THOMAS J. OWENS II IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. THOMAS F. SPENCER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT G. MICHNOWICZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY C. COGGIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KEVIN C. WULFHORST 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ERIC R. BAUGH, JR. ROBERT W. BECK DORON BRESLER CASEY M. CAMPBELL STEPHEN H. CHARTIER FREDERICK A. CONNER JONATHAN D. EVANS DANIEL B. GABRIEL MARCO V. GALVEZ CECILIA I. GARIN DAVID E. HALL DENNIS M. HOLT DAVID M. JONES MIKELLE L. KERNIG JAMES DALE KISER, JR. KELLI C. MACK KARYN E. MCKINNEY BARRY F. MORRIS JEANLUC G. C. NIEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRIAN J. ALENT ELIZABETH A. BOWMAN JEFFREY R. BURROUGHS JAN R. CARLSON BENJAMIN T. CLARK DAVID M. DENNISON JENNIFER M. DEPEW RYAN M. DIEPENBROCK MATTHEW J. EDWARDS BENJAMIN J. GANTT JOHN M. GILLIS HANLING H. JOSWICK NEIL C. KESSEL JONGSUNG KIM AARON T. KRANCE LOUIS JOSEPH MARCONYAK, JR. AMY G. MASON SHAWN P. MCMAHON TAMARA A. MURRAY KRISTEN B. NICHOLS JELENA C. SEIBOLD PAUL A. SMITH DRAGOS STEFANDOGAR RACHEL A. WEBER BRYAN A. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
BRETT C. ANDERSON MARK R. ANDERSON DAVID E. ANDRUS MARIA M. ANGLES STACEY L. BRANCH FRANCIS R. CARANDANG DAVID H. CARNAHAN MICHAEL T. CHARLTON PETER G. CRAWLEY MICHAEL R. DAVIS JAMISON W. ELDER MICHELLE S. FLORES JAY T. FLOTTMANN THERESA B. GOODMAN WADE T. GORDON YVETTE GUZMAN KYLE B. HUDSON TODD P. HUHN JON R. JACOBSON DAVID S. JONES MICHELE L. KNIERIM JEFFREY D. LEWIS KEEGAN M. LYONS MICHAEL A. MADRID DANIEL S. MADSEN CHARLES G. MAHAKIAN PHILLIP E. MASON CHRISTOPHER J. MATHEWS EDWARD L. MAZUCHOWSKI II ALYSSA C. MCMANAMON QUINTESSA MILLER ANTHONY L. MITCHELL DANIEL H. MURRAY BRETT R. NISHIKAWA PATRICK M. OSBORN WESLEY D. PALMER GILBERTO PATINO SALVATORE PELLIGRA TIMOTHY M. PHILLIPS ROBERT R. PORCHIA TONYA S. RANS MARK G. RIEKER ERIC M. RITTER RECHELL G. RODRIGUEZ JIFFY C. SETO ROBERT M. SHIDELER JOHN H. W. A. SLADKY CHRISTINE E. STAHL THOMAS W. STAMP KEVIN E. STEEL DEENA E. SUTTER MATTHEW R. TALARCZYK JOSEPH D. VILLACIS KIRSTEN R. VITRIKAS DANIEL R. WALKER MAUREEN N. WILLIAMS SHAHID A. ZAIDI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
STEPHEN C. ARNASON TONYA N. BARRY STEPHEN C. BERG RUSSELL D. BIENIAS DAMIAN L. BLACK BRYAN R. BLAZER LUKE A. CANTAMESSA ANTHONY M. CARBONELLA IV NICOLE M. CATARINO MATTHEW R. CHECKETTS THOMAS M. CHRISTY TYSON CHUNG TODD D. CHURCH CHRISTIANE M. COLOMBERO ANDREW W. COMERCI ANGELA K. COOK ANGELA M. COOMES SHAWN C. COUNTRYMAN DARRELL M. CURTIS BRENT N. DELONG GINA M. DOMM HANNAH C. DREW BARRINGTON W. DYKES MATTHEW T. EGGENBERGER WHITNEY L. EICHHOLZ ARAGON R. ELLWANGER MICHAEL C. ENGLISH JON C. FEDERSPIEL ERIN BIEBL FINK CARMEN N. GALEA CHRISTOPHER J. GILLETTE CHRIS A. GIROUARD JONATHAN P. HARMON ASHLEY N. HARRIS THOMAS J. HEIDENREICH PETER L. HOLDEN ADAM R. HURST JESSICA H. JAWOROWICZ LESLIE N. JONES BRANDON W. KEYSER AMANDA D. KLAYUM JEFFERY A. KOHLER, JR. JAMES W. KOLL EUNLIM LEE SPENCER M. LEE MARK P. LEWIS EVAN YUTAKA K. MASUNAGA JASON R. MAY ELIZABETH ANNE ROSADO MCCOURT AMBER A. MILLER MATTHEW S. MILLER TERRELL M. MITCHELL JAMES P. NALL DUY Q. NGUYEN MATTHEW J. NIELSEN MATTHEW F. PASTEWAIT MICHELLE M. PRATHER EVAN E. ROBERTS JASON D. SCHOENER MATTHEW G. SETLIFF RYAN R. SHERIDAN JENNIFER O. SIMMONS HECTOR C. SIORDIA CASEY M. SLACK JACOB D. SLADKY CHRISTOPHER J. SMITH JAMIE L. SMITH BENJAMIN W. SONG GORDON D. STABLEY MICHELLE K. TARTAGLIA JESSAMY J. THORNTON ANDREW D. THORSEN RICHARD W. WADDELL MARTIN W. WALSH CHRISTINA A. WENGLER DAVID J. WEYH JON R. WILLISON JOHN C. WILSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G11JA6.042 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S35 January 11, 2016 
JOHN R. YANCEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ERIC E. ABBOTT ERIK L. ABRAMES VAN W. ADAMSON CHRISTOPHER L. ALLAM MICHAEL A. AROCHO MICAH J. BAHR KEVIN J. BALDOVICH JAMES R. BALES ROBERT T. BARIL CHRISTOPHER W. BATES GAIL C. BATES TIMOTHY S. BAUMGARTNER ELIZABETH A. BEAL SCOTT J. BENTLEY DAVID K. BIGELOW BRANDON J. BINGHAM LEAH G. BRAR PAMELA J. BRODERICK MICHAEL B. BROUGH AMY N. BROWN BRUCE A. BURKETT SUSAN J. CARBOGNIN NICOLE CHAPPELL WILLIAM Y. CHU NATHAN F. CLEMENT TIMOTHY J. COKER JASON A. COMPTON TARA L. CONNER DUOJIA MICHELLE COONEY JAMES R. COONEY SUSANNAH C. COOPER CHRISTINA L. CRISTALDI SPENCER J. CURTIS ELIZABETH A. DAVID AMY M. DAVIS RICHARD P. DAVIS JONATHAN A. DAY WILFRED P. DELACRUZ NGA T. DO MARK B. DUDLEY SCOTT A. EISENHUTH STEPHEN T. ELLIOTT JONATHAN E. ELLIS JOEL B. ELTERMAN DAVID D. FARNSWORTH MELINDA G. FIERROS AUSTIN D. FINDLEY STACY F. FLETCHER ADAM C. FLOOD FREDERICK L. FLYNT, JR. RYAN D. FREELAND SHAWN K. FRENCH SCOTT H. FRYE JOHN G. GANCAYCO GUY N. GIBSON SHAUN M. GIFFORD JASON C. GOODWIN JOSE B. GOROSPE MARIA E. GOROSPE FREDERICK P. GROIS III MATTHEW C. GUMMERSON TRISTAN E. HANDLER JEFFREY N. HARRIS MICHELLE M. HARRIS NOAL I. HART WILLIAM A. HAYES II KEVIN F. HEACOCK JASON A. HIGEY SEAN J. HISLOP DIANE C. HOMEYER WILLIAM R. HOWARTH JUSTIN C. HUANG RHOME L. HUGHES ISAAC P. HUMPHREY KYLE F. JARNAGIN KEVIN N. JENSEN SCOTT T. JENSEN ASHLEY B. JOHNSON FRANCES J. JONES KEVIN KALWERISKY ALEXANDER P. KELLER IV JARED C. KELSTROM KEIRON T. KENNEDY SARA S. KERLEY JEREMY P. KILBURN DAVID A. KLEIN SHANNON F. KLUMP JOSHUA H. KNOWLES JAMES B. KOCH THOMAS J. KRYZAK MICHAEL S. LAIDLAW BRIAN D. LARSON ZHI V. LAU BRIAN DAVID LAYTON APRIL LIGATO NANCY W. LO WILLIAM N. LUTHIN DUSTIN O. LYBECK THOMAS W. MAHONEY ANDREW S. MALIN JAMIE A. MASSIE JASON A. MASSIGNAN RENEE I. MATOS JEFFREY C. MCCLEAN TORREE M. MCGOWAN PEICHUN MCGREGOR RYAN S. MCHUGH MARCENE R. MCVAY ALEXANDER J. MENZE WAYNE J. MERBACK LISA R. MICHELS CHARLES B. MILLER DEANA L. MITCHELL JEREMY D. MOLL CHRISTOPHER S. MONNIKENDAM TYLAN A. MUNCY JOSEPH D. NOVAK VALERIE C. OBRIEN JUSTIN P. OLSEN ROBERT M. ORE BRUCE M. PALMER BENJAMIN J. PARK JASON D. PASLEY JOSHUA B. PEAD CANDACE S. PERCIVAL SERAFIM PERDIKIS KRISTINE K. PIERCE BRANDON W. PROPPER CLAYTON J. RABENS ANDREW G. REES STEVEN REGWAN TIGHE C. RICHARDSON PAUL C. ROBINSON JUSTIN P. ROWBERRY DERICK A. SAGER KARA S. SCHULTZ TRISTAN L. SEVDY JONATHAN B. SHAPIRO MEHDI C. SHELHAMER MARK E. SHEPHERD TRIMBLE L. SPITZER GREGORY A. STANCEL TRAVIS A. STEPHENSEN HEATHER L. STEWART KRISTEN MITCHELL STILLE NORMAN E. STONE III SARAH J. STRINGER JAMIE M. SWARTZ ROGER S. THOMAS KATHERINE S. TILLE PAUL A. TILTON JAMES R. TOWNLEY DOUGLAS R. VILLARD TERENCE E. WADE DENNIS D. WALKER ANDREW L. WALLS LARISSA F. WEIR DALIA J. WENCKUS BRAD E. WHEELER CALEN N. WHERRY AUDREA D. WILLIAMS PHILIP A. WIXOM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JANE A. ALSTON JOSHUA C. ANCHAN DAVID M. ANDERSON BRACKEN A. ARMSTRONG RACHAEL L. ARMSTRONG CHRIS J. ATKINSON SARAH E. AVILA BRADY A. BAHR JAMES A. BAILEY ERIC M. BALL AARON E. BARROW HARITHA BASKAR JACQUELINE D. BATTISTELLI COREY M. BAXTER LAUREN MANSFIELD BEASLEY ALEXIS ANTHON BEAUVAIS ADRIAN R. BERSABE REBECCA K. BICKFORD STEPHEN C. BIRD MICHAEL C. BLANCANEAUX FELIX S. BOECKER ADAM BRADEN DAVID F. BRANDT RAMON A. BROWN MERIMA BUCAJ ALEXANDRA M. BUFORD LISA R. CHASTANT EVA RODRIGUEZ CHATMAN DAVID H. CHEN CONNIE Y. CHUNG LEE T. CHURCH RYAN A. COLLINS MATTHEW P. CONNOR ERICA L. CONRAD ANDREW M. COUTERMARSH LYNSEY R. COX BLAIR K. CURTIS ELEANOR E. CURTIS LISA DANG GINA M. DATTOLI RUSSELL G. DAY COLIN W. DEFORD AVRAM H. DERROW ROSALY M. DIAZ TORRUELLAS VINCENT A. DIAZ DANIEL M. DIERFELDT SARAH SCOTT BRETT DIETZ LISA M. DODOBARA GRIFFITH ELIZABETH G. DOUGLAS ROBERT J. DOXEY KIM R. DRIFTMIER DANIELLE A. DUFRESNE JOEL D. DUNN ALAN ALDERSON DUPRE ASHLEY ELIZABETH DURAY BENJAMIN H. EOVALDI DAVID J. FAITH ADAM S. FAIZI SETH A. FARNSWORTH JOEL FERNANDEZ KRISTOPHER J. FILAK MARY EMILY FLEMING STEVEN T. FOSMIRE STEPHANIE M. FOX RYAN T. FRANK DIANNE N. FRANKEL ASHLEY N. FRANZ JOSHUA E. FRIEND JAYSUN G. FRISCH GRANT G. GALLIMORE CURTIS R. GAPINSKI MARGARET J. GARNER CAYL L. GARRETT MORGAN C. GETTLE BENJAMIN S. GOINS HAROLD JONATHAN GOLDSTEIN MATTHEW M. GRAHAM EVA M. GRANT RUSSELL A. GRAY JEFFREY P. GUINA MICHAEL G. GUINDON LISA J. GUPTA AARON C. HAGER THOMAS A. HEAFNER AARON T. HENDERSON KRISTY R. HICKS CLAIRE L. HILES PAUL D. HILES NATHAN J. HOLLOWAY BRIAN H. HUGGINS KRISTIN D. HUMMEL BRAD T. HYATT JOHN HYMAN KYLE J. IVERSON BRIAN N. JULICH TRAVIS J. JUNGE KRISTEN SAENGER KANN TERATA A. KANU LUCAS A. G. KEITH JEREMY C. KELLEY MICHELLE E. KIGER NAM H. KIM JEFFREY L. KINARD JOSEPH KYLE KLUESNER DEBRA A. KOENIGSBERGER JUSTIN LITCHFIELD LAMB KYLE P. LAMMLEIN ELIZABETH A. LANDMAN RACHEL K. LANGLEY RIAN M. LAUB DAVID M. LAUCK KELLY MICHAEL LAWRENCE BRYAN K. LAWSON MICHELLE L. LAWSON PAUL R. LENTZ JESSICA N. LEUSCHEN RICHARD J. LEVITRE DAVID A. LINDHOLM CARL EUGENE LOBATO ROBERT STEVEN LOCKE KEVAN H. LONG MARK A. LUSSIER LUCKY R. C. LUSTERIO DAVID T. LYNCH JEREMY M. MACKO SAMUEL L. MADSON CHRISTI MARIE MAKAS REBECCA N. MATZ LAUREN A. MAY SARA ELIZABETH MCALPIN CHERYL D. MCCALLA CAMERON W. MCLAUGHLIN CHRISTOPHER M. MCLAUGHLIN DIANA S. MEDA JAMES M. MEDEIROS MICHELLE LEAH MEDINTZ JUN C. MENDOZA ADAM S. MONTOYA MATTHEW E. MOORE DAMIEN C. MORGAN MARK D. MULDER BRIAN P. MURRAY FAITH ROSE MURRAY BRETT A. NANCE BRIDGET SHANNON NESTOR ARJUN TIMOTHY A. NETTERS DANE M. NEWELL HENRY HAO V. NGUYEN KY V. NGUYEN KRISTINE TIU NORRIS MICHAEL R. ODOM DANIEL C. OPRIS MEGHAN COLLEEN H. OZCAN ALICIA C. PALLETT ALLISON A. PALUMBO MICHAEL F. PAPACOSTAS NICHOLAS C. PAPACOSTAS MATTHEW M. PARKER MELONIE A. PARMLEY ANDREW O. PAULUS MARY T. PAWLAK BRYAN K. PAYNE DANIEL J. PEARSON JOHN M. PEFFER ASHLEY N. PEREZ SON PHUONG PHAM PIOTR W. PODLESNY JACOB R. POWELL JESSICA A. PREEDY CHRISTINA I. RAMIREZ SASHA RAMIREZ SHELLEY M. RASKA BRIAN T. RAUCH MATTHEW D. READ KATHERINE M. REEVE ALEXANDER L. REYNOLDS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.006 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES36 January 11, 2016 
CARISSA N. RITTBERG JAMIE L. ROPER SCOTT DANIEL RUBENSTEIN NICHOLAS J. RUPPEL MARIA D. J. SALINAS GEORGE SALLOUM DOROTHY L. SAUNE ASHLEY L. SAWTELLE NICHOLAS J. SCALZITTI KAYLA L. SCHEUER EDWARD M. SCHMITT MARK A. SCHNEIDER MEREDITH MONTGOMERY SCHULDT ELIZABETH V. SCHULZ RODNEY C. SCLATER ERIN A. SENOZAN CAITLIN M. SEYKORA JACOB J. SHEFF DREW C. SHINER TIFFANY A. SIGAL DUSTIN L. SIMPSON TRAVIS M. SLOAN DAVID M. SMITH TREVOR S. SMITH WILLIAM B. SMITH BRIAN D. SNOW ZACHARY S. SONNIER CHARLES G. STAHLMANN ELIZABETH ASHLEY SHERRON STEVENS SCOTT EDWARD STEWART JAMES A. STOBER DANIEL R. STYPULA LUKE T. SURRY AYLIN TANYERI ASHLEY Q. THORBURN LIEN Q. TRAN MATTHEW H. TUREK KATHARYN E. TURNER BENJAMIN A. VON SCHWEINITZ RYAN P. VOTH LAURA I. WALPOLE JUSTIN R. WARIX BRENT M. WEBER JEREMY M. WHITING LAURA A. WHITTINGTON ROBERT B. WIECK LEWIS M. WIGGINS DAVID W. WILLIAMS JARED MICHAEL WILSON JESSICA L. WILSON ZACHARY W. WILSON MATTHEW S. WIMMER DWIGHT YEPING XUAN JACQUELINE L. YURGIL RICHARD CHASE ZANETTI, JR. TIMOTHY J. ZIELICKE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MARK L. COBLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
CRAIG A. HOLAN JONA M. HUGHES MICHELLE A. KILUK MARSHALL T. KOHR PETER J. PARENTE JOHN P. PLUNKETT MICHAEL D. SMITH ANDREW W. THAYNE NELSON J. VANECK, JR. ERIC E. ZIMMERMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
RICARDO O. MORALES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
STEVEN R. BERGER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
RICHARD M. HAWKINS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS A CHAPLAIN UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MARTIN S. KENDRICK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
GREGORY L. BOYLAN IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DENISE M. VEYVODA ROBERT G. WEST THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JAMES A. TROTTER 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JEREMY D. ADAMS STEVEN G. ADCOCK MARK A. ADOLPHSEN, JR. TRAVIS A. AIELLO NICKOLAS H. AIONAAKA ERIC D. ALBRIGHT DAN E. ALCANTARA JACOB C. ALDEAN CARLTON D. ALLEN MATTHEW S. ALLEN JEFFREY P. ANDREWS NICHOLAS J. ARMENDARIZ JAMES R. ARMSTRONG JAMES R. ARNOLD MATTHEW R. ASHTON JARED R. ATKINSON JESSE T. ATTIG ADAM J. AYRISS MARCOS AZUA CHARLIE S. BAHK ISAAC S. BAKER MICHAEL R. BAKER SCOTT W. BALLARD KEVIN W. BALTISBERGER JON C. BANKS KENNETH L. BARBER, JR. BLAINE N. BARBY JASON A. BARNES WILLIAM M. BARRETT KATHERYN A. BASSO ANGELA J. BATASTINI MATTHEW E. BAXLEY ANDREW M. BAXTER ALEXANDER J. BEACHY MARTIN R. BEBELL STEVEN R. BECHTEL ALBERT D. BELLAMY RYAN E. BENES GLENN W. BERDELA, JR. THOMAS I. BEREKNYEI DANIEL A. BERG JOSEPH D. BERG DAVID M. BERGER CHRISTOPHER W. BERGMAN ROBERT L. BESKE RONALD E. BESS, JR. JOSEPH R. BEST CHRISTOPHER M. BIBEAU STEVEN W. BICKHAM JOHN M. BILLIRIS MARK G. BLACKBOROW SHANE A. BLADEN MARY C. BLAIR WALLY A. BLAIR NATHAN D. BLODGETT MICHAEL D. BLUMENSCHEIN GABRIEL D. BOENECKE REBECCA A. BOLZ CHAD E. BONECUTTER DAVID A. BORDEN, JR. COURTNEY J. BOSTON JOHNATHAN M. BOUCEK DAVID L. BOUCHARD RALIA R. BOUSKA JASON P. BOWERS KEVIN P. BOWLER MATTHEW J. BOWMAN DANIEL E. BOWRING TRAVIS S. BOWSER HARRY L. BOYD JOHN F. BOYER COLIN P. BOYNTON EVAN F. BRADLEY JAMES M. BRAUDT CHRISTOPHER J. BRIDGER JAMES M. BROPHY DANIEL L. BROWN MICHAEL R. BROWN PHILLIPPE C. BRULE AARON P. BRUNNER BRADLEY N. BUICK CHRISTOPHER C. BUMGARDNER TIMOTHY L. BURK DAVID C. BURTON BRADY J. BUSTIN ANDREW T. BUTLER JASON D. BUTLER JEFFREY V. BUTLER SETH D. BYRUM CHRISTOPHER K. CALDWELL CLIFF M. CAMPBELL CHRISTOPHER N. CAPASSO SERENA N. CARDONA AARON R. CARLSON HARLYE S. CARLTON JUSTIN R. CARRELL CHESTER T. CARTER MATTHEW G. CARTER BRIAN M. CARTHON CORY A. CARVER CHARLES S. CASEY CHAD D. CASSADY JASON R. CASTER MARTIN A. CAWDERY BLAIR T. CELLON CHRISTOPHER R. CEREN ANTHONY J. CESARO JASON W. CHAN MICHAEL K. CHAND, JR. RHETT W. CHRISTENSEN KYLE A. CHRISTMAN MICHAEL J. CHRISTY ADAM M. CHU JASON C. CIARCIA BRYAN J. CLAUSEN JACOB A. CLAYTON ROBERT B. CLEMENTS KYE P. COLBY MATTHEW A. COLLIER BRETT C. COLLINS GREGORY L. COLLINS MICHAEL D. COLLINS PETER C. COMBE II JOSEPH COMMON HECTOR L. CONTRERAS PETER J. COOMBE, JR. JUSTIN M. COONS PAUL C. CORDES CHRISTOPHER M. COTTON GRANT R. COVEY ERIC D. CRAMER RONNIE L. CREECH ROBERT P. CRONIN LAURA E. CROWE JOHN A. CRUTCHFIELD MIGUEL A. CRUZ GLENN A. CRUZCANCEL SARAH R. CULBERTSON SCOTT C. CULBERTSON COLIN J. CULKIN GEORGE D. CUMMINGS IV JEFFREY A. CUMMINGS THOMAS P. CUNNINGHAM GREGG F. CURLEY TIMOTHY A. CURLING PATRICK J. DALY JOSEPH P. DAVIDOSKI DANIEL J. DAVIS JEFFREY C. DAVIS NOLAN G. DEAN ROBERT C. DEBENEADTO LUKE D. DELANEY ALLEN C. DELEON MELISSA A. DEPRIEST SARAH J. DERRYBERRY CHRISTOPHER S. DESTAFNEY DANIEL P. DEVITO ANTHONY J. DEVUONO HONEY DHALIWAL NATHAN R. DILLON PETER A. DINARDO JOSEPH N. DINIEGA JAMES E. DITRI, JR. JAY P. DODGE STEVEN B. DODSON KOLIN B. DOEZEMA PETER J. DORN CHARLES W. DOTTERRER CHRISTOPHER M. DOTY ALEXEI A. DOUDAREV JOHN M. DOVE ANTON D. DRAGANOV CHRISTOPHER D. DRISCOLL PETER A. DRISCOLL II THOMAS M. DRISKELL ERIC A. DUCHENE ROBERT M. DUGAN ROBERT E. DUSH RONALD O. DUTIL II ERIC S. DWYER CALEB D. EAMES JOSEPH W. EASTERLING JUSTIN M. EASTMAN JONATHAN T. EDMONDSON PAUL J. EICKHOFF III KARL J. EISENMANN JASON G. ELLIS ZACHARY N. EMBERS DANIEL J. EMUNSON GEOFFREY S. ENGLUND JEFFREY M. ERB HECTOR N. ESPADA MICHAEL R. EUBANKS ALBERT L. EVANS III DANIEL L. EVANS DAVINA C. EVANS JAMES A. EVENSEN CHRISTIE R. EVERETT ZACHARY K. EVERHART GARRETT J. EXNER ADEMOLA D. FABAYO KEVIN P. FALLON MICHAEL A. FARLEY WENDELL C. FARMER ADAM G. FAUL CHRISTINA R. FELKINS GEORGE P. FENTON II CHRISTOPHER M. FERGUSON MICHAEL P. FISHER PHILIP O. FLAMBERT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.009 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S37 January 11, 2016 
RUSSELL L. FLUKER HENRY C. FLYNN PATRICK J. FOEHL ADAM T. FOLEY ROBIN J. FONSECA MICHAEL J. FORSTER ADAM E. FOUSHEE ALLEN J. FRAZIER JACK E. FREE NICHOLAS J. FREEMAN MATTHEW C. FRICK ANTHONY T. FUHRER CHRISTOPHER J. FULLER AARON F. GAJEWSKI GERRID M. GALL MICHAEL J. GALLANT FREDERICK S. GALLUP IV REBECCA L. GANSCA WAYNE A. GANTZ DAVID M. GARCIA BRADLEY A. GATES JOSHUA H. GATO REDMOND B. GAUTIER IV SHERLEY K. GENNA TRISTAN M. GERRITSEN GEORGE E. GETMAN, JR. DANIEL A. GIBBON PATRICK J. GIBSON JOSEPH L. GILL II MICHAEL E. GINN RAY N. GOMEZ EDWARD B. GONZALES JAVIER GONZALEZ JOSEPH E. GOODRICH STEVEN J. GORALSKI CHAD R. GOWING ARTHUR L. GRAHAM III COLIN A. GRAHAM SCOTT C. GRAHAM SETH M. GRANT WILLIAM T. GRAVES, JR. BRIAN D. GREEN MICHAEL B. GREEN MICHAEL W. GREEN NATHAN J. GREEN MARK A. GREENLIEF DARREN T. GRETCHKO JUSTIN L. GRIECO TYSON L. GRIFFITH NATHANIEL D. GRIGGS KHALIL C. GUEST JASON E. GWINN STEVEN R. HAACK THOMAS J. HAAKENSEN PETER L. HACKETT GABLE F. HACKMAN DAVID R. HAINES CLINTON K. HALL HENOK S. HALL MATTHEW S. HALL JOSEPH B. HAMILTON CHAD A. HAMLIN MATTHEW D. HAMMOND BENJAMIN J. HAND DAVID J. HANES KRISTOPHER B. HANSEN SEAN B. HANSON ANDREW S. HARKINS LESLIE A. HARKNESS KEVIN E. HARRIS SAMUEL A. HART STEVEN D. HARVEY AARON J. HATFIELD COREY S. HEALEY ANTHONY T. HEARREAN CLAIRE E. HENRY GAVIN HENRY PETER J. HERSEY GEORGE A. HIERRO ANDREW C. HIETPAS KEVIN L. HOFFMAN SCOTT A. HOLBERT BRYAN G. HOLE PATRICK C. HOLLAND ROGER A. HOLLENBECK JACK W. HOLLOWAY ANDREW L. HOLMES JAMES D. HOLT ADAM S. HOOPER ANDREW P. HORNFECK JOSHUA M. HOTVET JAKE J. HUBBARD SCOTT A. HUMR KRISTOPHE L. HURTLEY THOMAS B. HUTSON ROSELLA M. IACCINO MCLEAN IRVAN RICHARD J. JACOBS CHAD O. JAMES RODNEY M. JAMES JONATHAN P. JANDORF NICOLE A. JANSENHINNENKAMP BRIAN A. JAQUITH SALVADOR JAUREGUI III DAVID R. JEFFRIES MICHAEL A. JEVONS CORY J. JOBST BENJAMIN W. JOHANNINGSMEIER PATRICK R. JOHNSEN DEREK K. JOHNSON JESSE D. JOHNSON RICHARD W. JOHNSON, JR. TALISHA D. JOHNSON BRIAN A. JORDAN JONATHAN S. JOSEPH ERIC JUAREZ IGNACIO A. JUAREZ SEAN H. KAHAK BRIAN J. KANE SEAN E. KASPERBAUERMCCOOL CHRISTOPHER J. KEARNEY STEPHEN P. KELLY JOSEPH M. KENNEDY BRIAN A. KERG BENJAMIN L. KEZAR CHRISTOPHER Y. KIM ERIC E. KIM JOHN E. KIVELIN III STEVEN C. KLEPPIN, JR. KRISTOPHER J. KNOBEL RANDON L. KNOLL MATTHEW A. KNOPP DANIEL F. KNUDSON III JOHN J. KOEPKE MICHAEL W. KOHLER ANDREW C. KOLB EDWARD P. KOTULSKI, JR. ZUBAH Z. KOWEH PAUL B. KOZICK SHANE F. KRAFT TIMOTHY R. KRONJAEGER MARK P. KUGLER, JR. MICHAEL A. KUIPER SAMUEL E. KUNST ANDREW J. KURTZ KYLE A. KURTZ DOUGLAS R. KURZ DANIEL J. LACHASSE KYLE J. LADWIG DANIELZAIN A. LAKHANI MATTHEW A. LAMB CAMILLE C. LAMPERT MATTHEW H. LAMPERT KARLO R. LANDRAU SHANNON L. LANE JOSEPH P. LARKIN ANDRE G. LATASTE ADAM N. LAW BRIAN M. LAYMAN DAVID L. LEE, JR. BROCK A. LENNON MARY E. LEVALLEY ADAM R. LINDBERG JOSEPH M. LIPIEC ERICH W. LLOYD RAY LONGORIA, JR. NATHAN J. LOOMIS ZACHARY D. LOTT ARTHUR K. LOTZ IV TIMOTHY W. LOVE MARK P. LUBKE CHRISTOPHER E. LYON CHRISTOPHER A. MACAK CHRISTOPHER J. MACHI ABDUL E. MACK KEITH D. MACLAREN JOSEPH K. MADDUX MOISES MAGDALENO RYAN P. MAHAFFEY EDWARD D. MAHONEY, JR. NICHOLAS C. MANNWEILER ROBERT H. MANUEL PETER J. MARBACH ANDREW D. MARKOFF AMANDA B. MARTIN JOSEPH B. MARTIN GIOVANNI M. MARTINEZ RICHARD Q. MARTINEZ COLIN D. MARTY KYLE A. MASCHNER MICHAEL F. MASTERS, JR. RYAN L. MATHEWS BUCKSHOT N. MATTSON CHAD R. MATZELLE GRANT T. MAURITZSON SHANNON R. MAWSON AARON J. MAXWELL LEWIS M. MAXWELL III JAMES W. MCBRIDE MICHAEL N. MCDOWELL ADAM L. MCKILLOP LUKE J. MCLEAREN ROBERT B. MCMANUS ROLANDO A. MEDINA AARON S. MEKOLIK CHRISTOPHER F. MELLING FEDERICO W. MENDIZABAL JEFFREY M. MENNE MICHAEL A. MICHAUD STEPHEN MIGGINS BRIAN E. MILLER JENNIFER E. MILLER DEREK A. MILLS ANDREW D. MIN MICAH J. MINER AMANDA L. MINIKUS JASON E. MISNER TROY E. MITCHELL ERIC T. MOFFIT JASMIN MOGHBELI LILIANA MOLINA MORGAN T. MONAGHAN TREVOR J. MONFETTE ROBERT J. MONROE ALEXANDER M. MONTE MATTHEW M. MORAINE LUIS F. MORALES RYAN R. MORGAN DAVID C. MORRIS THOMAS W. MORROW CHRISTOPHER A. MORTON KENDRA N. MOTZ MELISSA C. MUELLER GARRETT D. MULDER JOHN P. MULLEN JEFFREY M. MULLINS VALERIE R. MUNOZ STEVEN P. MURELLO CALEB A. MURPHY DANIEL P. MURPHY JUSTIN P. MURPHY SARAH L. MURPHY THOMAS W. NANCE KHADIJAH M. NASHAGH ANDREA K. NEAGLE BRENDAN R. NEAGLE KRISTOPHER L. NEKVINDA CASEY D. NELSON HENRY R. NESBITT MATTHEW M. NEWMAN WESLEY C. NEWMAN KEVIN P. NEWPORT BENJAMIN C. NICKELL LEONARD J. NIEDOSIK ROBERT J. NOXON NICHOLAS A. NOYES BRANDON C. OBERKAMP REGINALD C. ODJIMER CHRISTOPHER J. OMELIA BRYAN J. ONEIL TRAVIS C. ONISCHUK RYAN D. OROURKE BENJAMIN D. ORTIZ EVAN L. OSBORN DEVLIN R. OSHEA TIMOTHY D. OTTEN WILLIAM O. OVER PRESTON S. PACK STEPHEN G. PAGE DAVID J. PALKA THOMAS A. PALMER JOHN D. PARK IV SUNG C. PARK JEFFREY D. PARKER, JR. MICHAEL J. PASSE CHRISTOPHER M. PATTERSON TARA E. PATTON EUGENE J. PAUL PHILLIP J. PEACOCK CURTISS W. PECK II FILIPE A. PEERALLY JESSE M. PEPPERS FREDDIE PEREZ LUIS R. PEREZ BRIAN D. PERKINS PHILIPJASO S. PEROUNE JEFFREY B. PERSONS, JR. MARK J. PETERS FREDERICK H. PETERSON IV GREGORY C. PETERSON DANIEL R. PETRONZIO BENJAMIN W. PHILLIPS III ERIC B. PHILLIPS MICHAEL A. PHILLIPS JOHN G. PICO JUSTIN L. PITCOCK CELIDON H. PITT JAMES M. PLOSKI IAN J. PLUMMER JAMES W. POLLARD BRANDON S. POPE TRAVIS D. POSEY BEN W. POTTER ANDREW F. PRICE BENJAMIN A. PRICE CHRISTOPHER L. PRIDGEN JOHN W. PROSS ALEXANDER C. PURATY MATTHEW R. QUEEN DANIEL QUESADA JASON M. QUINN AARON J. QUINTANAR SEAN F. RAFFERTY WALTER M. RAINES VINEET RAJAN KARIN R. RAMIREZ CLIFTON N. RATEIKE GEORGE A. RAWSON ROBERT D. REAGLES STEPHEN A. REAMY WILLIAM D. RECALDE CALEB M. REED MICHAEL L. REID CHARLES H. REITER STEPHEN A. REYNA ANTHONY F. REYNOLDS CHARLES H. RICHARDSON IV JUDSON P. RIORDON JONATHAN H. RITCHEY CHRISTOPHER G. ROBINSON CHRISTOPHER M. ROBINSON JARROD M. ROBINSON TYLER B. ROBINSON ERIC P. ROBY DANIAL M. ROCK LUKE A. RODINA CHRISTOPHER A. RODNEY MATTHEW L. ROHLFING JAVIER ROMAN NICHOLAS C. ROSE NATHANIEL L. ROSS ALEX J. RUNYAN GLENN O. RYBERG DANIE N. SAAIMAN KIRT R. SAMSON DANIEL SANCHEZ, JR. GREGORY R. SANDERS TYLER B. SANDERS SRIVATSAN N. SANTHANAM DANIEL A. SARACENI BENJAMIN G. SCHMIDT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.011 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES38 January 11, 2016 
MICHAEL C. SCHMIDT CRAIG M. SCHNAPPINGER JOHN J. SCHRANZ MARK R. SCHROTH, JR. JORDAN T. SCHULTZ VALERIE M. SCHWINDT JACOB D. SCHWINGHAMMER MICHAEL J. SEDRICK CHRISTOPHER R. SEEMAYER DANIEL C. SEIDERS V KEVIN B. SEMLER OSMAN N. SESAY TIMOTHY N. SHEA JOHN SHIM ADAM D. SHIRLEY EVAN L. SHOCKLEY JOSHUA W. SHOWALTER RYAN SHROUT KEVIN A. SHULER CRAIG D. SHURGOT MOUHAMADOU SIDIBE ADAM E. SIMON JESSE R. SIMONEAU CHRISTOPHER W. SIMPSON JUSTIN K. SING MATTHEW A. SISNEROS PATRICK J. SKEHAN KRISTOFER A. SKIDMORE JAMES M. SLOCUM JAMES R. SMITH STEPHANIE N. SOKOL ADRIAN L. SOLIS BRANDON S. SOUTHWORTH LEO P. SPAEDER III JEFFREY P. SPARROW MITCHELL R. SPIDEL BRIAN T. SPILLANE ERIC W. SPITZNOGLE ROBERT A. SPODAREK CHAPMAN D. SPRING BRADLEY C. STADELMEIER SCOTT M. STAFFORD TYSON S. STAHL NICHOLOS B. STAITON NATHAN I. STEFFES GEORGE H. STEINFELS ROBERT L. STEINHAUSER III KERRISSA A. STERNS BRIAN R. STEVENS HAYDEN T. STEVENS MICHAEL F. STEWART, JR. PATRICK E. STEWART SCOTT A. STEWART MATTHEW R. STOLZENBERG TRAVIS J. STREAN LEE J. STUCKEY PAIGE D. STULL STEVEN T. SUETOS WILLIAM P. SUMPTION JARED K. SWAN JASON A. SYLVESTER KENNETH A. TARR BENJAMIN O. TATE GARON G. TAYLORTYREE NICHOLAS A. TEACH BRIAN J. TEDESCO JOSEPH E. TENNISON TINA D. TERRY RAPHAEL J. THALAKOTTUR MICHAEL T. THESING MATTHEW J. THOMAS CLINTON T. THOMPSON CRAIG A. THOMPSON JONATHAN M. THOMPSON MATTHEW A. THOMPSON BRENT M. TIMMER CHRISTOPHER P. TINOCO PAUL A. TRUOG CARL D. TUCKER CHRISTOPHER C. TUCKER TRAVIS G. TUFTE JAMES O. TURNER CHRISTOPHER V. TYSON RICHARD K. ULSH CHRISTOPHER D. UPTON SUSAN E. UPWARD THOMAS J. VALLELY IV GERARD W. VANDERWAAL TROY J. VANZUMMEREN BENJAMIN J. VANZYTVELD JUSTIN E. VAUGHAN FRANCISCO J. VEGA TRYSTEN L. VILLARREAL KIMBERLY L. WADE JONATHAN A. WAGNER PHILLIP A. WAGNER FRANK E. WALKER ERIC A. WALRAVEN ARAN T. WALSH JONAH B. WARREN CHARLES J. WATT GREGORY P. WATTEN LUTHER T. WATTS ROBERT E. WAVERS MATTHEW S. WEANT SHELDON WEBB JONATHAN T. WEEKS JOSHUA H. WEILAND JOHN P. WEITZEL DANIEL J. WENDOLOWSKI MATTHEW J. WESENBERG BRET A. WHITE TODD R. WHITE JAMES D. WHITLOW DANIEL H. WHITT PHILLIP A. WIKTOR RONNIE WILBURN, JR. JACOB H. WILDE CHRISTOPHER D. WILLIS ERIC B. WILLIS LONNIE C. WILSON MATTHEW E. WINDHOL GARY J. WINDT THOMAS J. WISSLER ROBERT H. WITHERS, JR. PAUL G. WITHERSPOON JASON P. WOOD MILLARD B. WOODARD LARRY N. WORLEY ANDREW M. WRZOSEK MICHAEL C. YEO MICHAEL B. YOUNG CHRISTOPHER M. ZAJAC JONATHAN S. ZASADNY TRAVIS Q. ZIMMERMAN STANLEY R. ZIVANOVICH III PATRICK J. ZUBER ANGELA S. ZUNIC THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
GEORGE L. ROBERTS 
To be major 
NEAL C. CARTER TEAUGE C. DELAPLAINE SCOTT A. MARTIN JAMEL L. NEVILLE STEPHEN A. RITCHIE 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate January 11, 2016: 
THE JUDICIARY  
LUIS FELIPE RESTREPO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE THIRD CIR-CUIT. 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on January 11, 2016 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nations: 
PATRICIA M. LOUI-SCHMICKER, OF HAWAII, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT– IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EX-PIRING JANUARY 20, 2019, (REAPPOINTMENT), WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON MARCH 16, 2015. PHILLIP H. CULLOM, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE SHARON E. BURKE, RE-SIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON NOVEM-BER 19, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A11JA6.013 S11JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE27 January 11, 2016 
RECOGNIZING MR. DARRELL CREAMER FOR DECADES OF PUBLIC SERVICE WITH THE PLEASANT HALL VOLUNTEER FIRE COMPANY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Darrell Creamer, a longtime vol-unteer firefighter and former President of the Pleasant Hall Volunteer Fire Company. Mr. Creamer began his career with Pleasant Hall Volunteer Fire Company in 1968. In the subsequent 47 years he has been with the company, Darrell has earned his ascent through the department. Over his career, he has held many positions, including: Secretary, Deputy Fire Chief, Fire Chief, Vice President, and is currently retiring from his position as President, which he has held since 1985. Mr. Creamer has been a dedicated public servant, overseeing many of the station’s needs, and has helped countless Pennsylva-nians as a priceless asset for the greater com-munity. To this day, he still serves as the de-partment’s Business Manager, continuing to lend his decades of experience for the better-ment of the community and the station he has long served. On behalf of the Ninth District of Pennsyl-vania, I want to thank Mr. Creamer for his self-less service, and moreover highlight the sense of purpose with which he has served the com-munity. His leadership and dedication to Penn-sylvania will live on, and his retirement is well- deserved. It is with great pleasure that I congratulate Darrell Creamer on his many accomplish-ments and well-deserved retirement. 
f 
BERACA COMMUNITY DEVELOP-MENT CORPORATION’S HAITI EARTHQUAKE MEMORIAL SERV-ICE AND AWARD CEREMONY 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Beraca Community Develop-ment Corporation (BCDC). In 2010, BCDC’s mission to rebuild, repair and restore the lives of the disadvantaged led them to Haiti after the tragic 7.0 magnitude earthquake. On Janu-ary 10, 2016, this year’s awardees were hon-ored at Beraca Baptist Church in Brooklyn, NY, for their invaluable service. BCDC opened offices in the towns of Leogane, Cabaret, Jeremie and Cape, Haiti where BCDC volunteer efforts are wide-reach-ing. The corporation travels to Haiti several times a year and since its conception has re-turned over 50 times in an effort to improve the lives of others. BCDC also provides microloans to help support local small busi-nesses, employs over 400 individuals through a taxi company and equips teachers with re-sources to improve the lives of Haitian youth. At this year’s Beraca Community Develop-ment Corporation’s Haiti Earthquake Memorial Service and Award Ceremony, 4 dynamic indi-viduals were recognized for their outstanding work, Mackenzie Pier, New York City Leader-ship Center was the recipient of the Aware-ness and Mobilization Award, Michael Scales, Nyack College was the recipient of the Excel-lence in Education Award, Marie-Yolaine Toms, Community2Community was the recipi-ent of the Community Development Award and Michael Fromer, Millennium Capital Re-sources was the recipient of the Philanthropic Services Award. I commend these honorees for their commitment to serving others. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating the Beraca Community Development Corpora-tion’s Haiti Earthquake Memorial Service and Award Ceremony and these 4 great honorees. f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. SUZANNE WRIGHT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, last April I had the privilege of joining with Autism Speaks to ring the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) marking World Autism Awareness Day. World Autism Awareness Day is an oppor-tunity to highlight the progress we have made to better understand Autism Spectrum Dis-order (ASD) and assist impacted families, but to also raise awareness of the significant chal-lenges that remain—both in the U.S. and abroad. World Autism Awareness Day is one of only seven U.N.-sanctioned ‘world days.’ For eight years in a row, major landmarks, organizations and everyday Americans ‘‘light it up blue,’’ to raise awareness and bring addi-tional resources to assist families impacted by autism. This year’s events are scheduled for Saturday, April 2nd. The light it up blue campaign was launched by Autism Speaks co-founder and board mem-ber, Suzanne Wright—a tenacious, dedicated and committed leader whose contributions have made, and continue to make, a real and tangible difference in the lives of individuals with ASD and their families. By way of background, in 2005 Suzanne and Bob Wright co-founded Autism Speaks after their grandson Christian was diagnosed with autism. Every day since, for over a dec-ade now, Suzanne has led through her work at the organization and through personal ex-amples of generosity and compassion. As the Co-chair of the Congressional Coali-tion for Autism Research and Education and Chairman of the House Subcommittee that oversees global health, I have worked with Suzanne and Bob Wright to craft, and shep-herd into law, legislation that will boost re-search, services and support for individuals with ASD, including the Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Research, Education, and Sup-port Act of 2014 (Autism CARES/Public Law 113–157) and the Combating Autism Reau-thorization Act (PL 112–32). I recently learned that Suzanne Wright has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and is taking a leave of absence from her work with Autism Speaks to manage her medical care. While there are many talented professionals who will carry the torch during Suzanne’s leave and build on Suzanne’s legacy at Au-tism Speaks, there will be a gaping hole only she can fill. I am hopeful that my colleagues will join me in keeping Suzanne, her husband Bob, and the entire Wright family in our thoughts and prayers during these difficult days. And in Suzanne’s honor, I call on all of us to redouble our efforts and work even harder to ensure that we do everything within our power to as-sist families touched by autism. f 
HONORING FREDERICK ALBERT LANGILLE, JR. 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Frederick ‘‘Fred’’ Albert Langille, Jr., a devoted husband and father, an outstanding social worker, and a dear friend. Fred was born on January 15, 1942. In 1959, Fred graduated from Kailua High School, Oahu, where, in his senior year, he was a mile track record holder in Hawaii. This feat earned him a scholarship to the University of Michigan where he worked diligently to earn a master’s degree in social work in 1971. After graduation, Fred began his career as an engineer in Lincoln, Nebraska. However, he switched his focus to public policy and so-cial work, which he pursued in Illinois and Col-orado. Throughout an accomplished career, Fred held many titles and positions. During his time in Illinois, he was the Chief of the Welfare Division, Illinois Institute for Social Policy and Assistant Director for Welfare and Manpower Programs, Illinois Bureau of the Budget. In 1975, after moving to Colorado, Fred became the Executive Administrator/Deputy Director of the Colorado Department of Social Services. Three years later, he served as the State Planning Director, Office of State Planning and Budgeting, for the State of Colorado. From 1978 to 1996, Fred served as the Executive Vice President/Chief Operating Officer at Na-tional Jewish Hospital. In 2000, after a distin-guished career, Fred retired as the President of the Privatization Partnerships Division for Policy Studies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11JA8.001 E11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE28 January 11, 2016 
In addition to these tremendous professional accomplishments, Fred was a family man and pursued many activities outside of the office. He enjoyed biking, hiking, running, photog-raphy, reading, art, music, traveling and spending time with his family, friends and many pets. Fred and his wife of 35 years, Rita Barreras, had two children, Michael Victor Langille (Shelly George) and Heather Marie Coffey and have a grandson, Dylan Michael Langille. On August 6, 2015, Fred passed away in his home after a brave fight against prostate and bladder cancer. He was 73. Mr. Speaker, I join family, friends and all those who have felt Fred’s warm embrace in celebrating the wonderful life he lived. We will continue fighting to eradicate these terrible diseases that take our loved ones away with all the strength we have. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 23, I was present on the floor, but the vote closed before I was able to cast a vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. GORDON SNY-DER FOR BEING NAMED THE 2015 NATIONAL MUSIC EDUCATOR OF THE YEAR 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Gordon Snyder for being named by Music and Arts the 2015 National Music Educator of the Year. Music and Arts is a na-tional retail chain dedicated to providing musi-cians with the instruments and products they need to enhance their musical talents. Mr. Snyder currently serves as Director of Instrumental Music at A.L. Brown High School, located in Kannapolis, North Carolina. He was nominated for the award by fellow educators, and had several students write letters of rec-ommendation on his behalf This is a testa-ment to the respect Mr. Snyder has earned from both his peers and his students, and I am extremely grateful for his commitment to ensuring our community’s students receive a high-quality education. Although the National Music Educator of the Year award has been given for several years by Music and Arts, Mr. Snyder is the first re-cipient from the state of North Carolina. This is a particularly impressive accomplishment, as this year nearly 2,000 educators were nom-inated for this award. The winner of this award was selected for their ingenuity in their aca-demic programs, and was also judged on the educator’s impact in the community and their band’s performance. Our community is fortu-nate to have Mr. Snyder dedicate his time and talents to educating our students. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Mr. Snyder for being named the 2015 National Music Educator of the Year and wish him well as he continues to make a posi-tive difference in the lives of his students. f 
CELEBRATING LESTER WOLFF’S 97TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life, legacy, and the work of our esteemed former colleague, Congressman Lester Lionel Wolff, who is an exceptional fa-ther, husband, lawmaker, war hero and dear friend to many of us. Lester is not only an in-spiration to future political leaders and public servants, but also an embodiment of diligence, persistence and success. It is well known to those who know Lester that he will never stop working to make our country better. Lester, who has recently turned 97, is still working hard as chairman of the International Trade and Development Agency and The International Information Agency and frequently travels to Washington, DC from New York City to visit congressional offices. Lester was born on January 4, 1919 and is a life-long New Yorker. Married to the late Blanche Silver, he has two loving children, Bruce, a prominent Washington lawyer, and Diane, an Adjunct Professor at the State Uni-versity. He has four grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. Elected to the United States Congress in 1964, Lester served 16 years before retiring. It was an honor enough to work with him on a number of bills throughout the years. His serv-ice as Chairman of Foreign Policy Planning, Chairman of Asian Pacific Affairs, Chairman of the Select Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control and Ranking Member of the Foreign Affairs Middle East subcommittee will not be forgotten. One of his notable bills was the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1969, which restored the initia-tive for direct peace talks between Israel and the Arab States. He also led the congressional delegation to meet with Deng Xiaoping, Father of Modern China. The Deng-Wolff conversa-tion was credited by the Department of State for its particular importance in the establish-ment of formal diplomatic relations between the People’s Republic of China and the United States. He is the author of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act signed into law on April 10, 1979. This landmark law has undoubtedly helped the United States maintain and enhance its ties with Taiwan for more than three decades. Thanks to Lester, Taiwan is the United States’ 10th largest trading partner, and the United States is Taiwan’s largest foreign investor. Anyone who works with Lester is well aware of his prudence and expertise in foreign policy. Despite his retirement, he and I went on a trip to Taiwan to speak to government officials on U.S.-Taiwan relations and attend the Democratic Pacific Assembly—The Common Future of the Pacific in the 21st Century. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my distin-guished colleagues to join me in recognizing and honoring Lester Wolff—the man who keeps on inspiring us with his wisdom and long-serving dedication to strengthening our country. I am pleased to see the fruits of his labor in Congress and as a public servant. SENSELESS CHRISTMASTIME KILLINGS BY BOKO HARAM AND THE NEED FOR THE WORLD’S RECOMMITMENT TO RECOV-ERING THE CHIBOK GIRLS HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, over the Christmas 2015 break, 50 people were mur-dered and 114 others wounded in the north-eastern Nigerian cities of Maiduguri and Madagali, Borno State, which is the birthplace of Boko Haram. Today also marks 633 days since 276 Chibok girls were kidnapped from their dor-mitories in the middle of night. Violence on the citizens of the world in sa-cred places such as our homes, places of worship, educational institutions and rec-reational venues is unacceptable and detest-able. To keep the Chibok girls on our minds, all of us here in Congress have worn red every Wednesday to signal the urgency of rescuing, recovering and reintegrating these young women back into the arms of their parents. Sadly, while we grapple with the sore of the kidnapping of the Chibok girls, with horror, we watched on the news, violence wreaked by Boko Haram during the holidays. As we all know, Boko Haram has claimed responsibility for the massacres. I have met with the Nigerian President and was part of a delegation to Nigeria to engage local leaders, activists, businesses and fami-lies of victims of Boko Haram on strategies for recovering and reintegrating the Chibok girls and many others who have been kidnapped or suffered violence. These senseless killings and kidnappings by Boko Haram must stop. The Chibok girls are not throwaways and the world cannot and should not forget them. Those who lost their lives during the Christ-mastime massacres have families and loved ones whose hearts have been broken be-cause of the pain and anguish they must now feel. We must continue to press on in our con-certed efforts to assure victims that Boko Haram will be combatted and assure our Chibok daughters that we still care and that we are committed to bringing them back home and will work to protect them and reintegrate them back into our community with open arms. As founder and Co-Chair of the Caucus on Nigeria and Co-Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, the rescue, return and re-integration of the kidnapped Chibok girls con-tinue to be my top priority. I believe that with our commitment, just as the Aboke girls were recovered after being kidnapped in Northern Uganda by the Lord’s Resistance Army, the Chibok girls will be res-cued, returned home and reintegrated back into the human family. I am committed to the protection of the Ni-gerian people and it is my view that the peo-ple of Nigeria and others in the Lake Chad Basin in Africa should be afforded the protec-tion they deserve and the opportunity to live their lives free of terrorism and fear. This is why I introduced H. Res. 528, legis-lation that enjoyed bipartisan support of my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.001 E11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE29 January 11, 2016 
colleagues including Representatives C HUof California, L
EEof California, D OLD of Illinois, H
AHN of California, K ELLY of Illinois, F UDGE of Ohio, W
ATSON -COLEMAN of New Jersey, S E-
WELL of Alabama, B ROWN of Florida, T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi and my good friend Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. My resolution seeks to create a Victims of Terror Protection Fund for the protection of the Chibok girls when they return home as well as provision of much needed support for them and other displaced refugees, migrants and the victims of Boko Haram’s terror such as those of the Christmastime 2015 massacres. All persons of the world from Syria to Nige-ria to Colombia and everywhere in between possess the inalienable fundamental human right to freedom of movement and full realiza-tion of their human potential without fear of vi-olence upon their person. Last month, in our celebrations of the United Nations Human Rights Day, the global com-munity rededicated itself to the key Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights: the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Cov-enant on Civil and Political Rights, Covenants that serve as the bedrock of the International Bill of Rights: protecting the right of all human beings. Indeed, we must continue to fight for the freedoms of our neighbors whether those for whom we fight are out of sight such as the murdered and wounded in northeastern Nige-ria or the kidnapped Chibok teenage girls or educated medical doctors fleeing violent extre-mism in Syria. The bottom line is that our obligations in the human family must revolve around and be grounded in our conviction and commitment to the rights to freedom of movement, freedom of speech, freedom of worship, freedom from want, and the freedom from fear or terrorism, among others. We must remain steadfast in guaranteeing these fundamental freedoms and protect the human rights of all to achieve peace and prosperity in our world. Mr. Speaker, those murdered and wounded during the Christmastime massacres included a lot of youth. When they were kidnapped, the Chibok youth were 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 year olds who are now turning 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18—living out the formative years of their lives in captivity in the claws of thugs. Our silence is a waste of time and this is why we must keep speaking, keep tweeting, keep seeking to recover our daughters and denouncing the atrocious actions of Boko Haram. This cannot be the fate or the end of the story of the lives of the victims of Boko Haram. We must not and cannot forget Bless-ing Abana, Deborah Abari, Rebecca Mallum, Naomi Luka, Esther Markus, Zara Ishaku, Ruth Joshua, Grace Paul, Rebecca Luka and the others. To the families of the Christmas-time massacre, you are in our thoughts and prayers. To the Chibok girls, notwithstanding your captivity, let me assure you that your spirits, souls and bodies are sacred to us, no matter what attacks the enemies of peace may have perpetrated upon you. Like your sister from Pakistan, Malala, who was shot in the head for seeking her education and who continues to fight for your recovery, your best days are ahead because we know that when your girls thrive our world thrives. So let me assure you that you remain in our prayers and thoughts. To President Buhari of Nigeria, you have our support and you have my support in all your efforts to destroy and dismantle Boko Haram. To the people of Nige-ria, we are counting on you to keep holding on, keep your faith strong and be assured that you are on the right side of history and that the arc of the moral universe always tips on the right side of justice. Today, let me offer that it is important to de-nounce the actions of Boko Haram and re-commit ourselves to the protection of the Ni-gerian people and the recovery of the Chibok girls. 
f 
HONORING DEBORAH SELIGMAN 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a native New Mexican and dear friend, Deborah ‘‘Deb’’ Seligman. Deb can trace her New Mexican roots back to the 1800s when her ancestors owned a number of trading posts in New Mexico long before it became a state. Deb attended col-lege at the Washington University of St. Louis and returned home to the University of New Mexico to study law—graduating in 1978. Today, she is a sole practicing attorney and represents banks and small businesses. In 2011, the New Mexico Business Weekly in-cluded her in the ‘‘Best of the Bar’’—a list of the top attorneys in the state. She was recog-nized for her excellence in business and cor-porate law. Deb is an exemplary citizen and has volun-teered her time on numerous boards and charities. She is a board member of the local Casa Angelica (a home for children and young adults with developmental disabilities), the Jewish Community Center of Greater Albu-querque and the Jewish Historical Society. Deb is also the Commissioner and Chair-woman of the Village of Los Ranchos Plan-ning and Zoning Commission. Furthermore, she is extremely generous in her donations to animal charities, including the Save the Manatees Club. Above all, I want to honor Deb for her latest feat, running in the Chicago marathon this past year. Deb took up running about 6 years ago and has run in numerous marathons since, including the New York City, San Fran-cisco and Phoenix races. Deb runs with Albu-querque Fit, which recently awarded her for her tremendous improvement since joining the group. In the Chicago marathon, after exten-sive training and a refusal to quit, Deb achieved a personal best of four hours and fifty-five minutes. Deb and her husband, Judge Robert Mawe met in 1986 and were married three years later in 1989. Together, they are active in their community and the Democratic Party in New Mexico. Deb is one of the most determined and gen-erous people I have met. Nothing can stop her. I am confident that she will continue to be a leader in our community and I look forward to hearing about her continued successes in the future. Congratulations Deb. NEW YORK TIMES ADDRESSES THE RACIAL WEALTH GAP HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the fol-lowing: [From the New York Times, December 31, 2015] D
EBT AND THE RACIAL WEALTH GAP (By Paul Kiel) IF you are black, you’re far more likely to see your electricity cut, more likely to be sued over a debt, and more likely to land in jail because of a parking ticket. It is not unreasonable to attribute these perils to discrimination. But there’s no ques-tion that the main reason small financial problems can have such a disproportionate effect on black families is that, for largely historical reasons rooted in racism, they have far smaller financial reserves to fall back on than white families. The most recent federal survey in 2013 put the difference in net worth between the typ-ical white and black family at $131,000. That’s a big number, but here’s an even more troubling statistic: About one-quarter of Af-rican-American families had less than $5 in reserve. Low-income whites had about $375. Any setback, from a medical emergency to the unexpected loss of hours at work, can be devastating. It means that harsh punish-ments for the failure to pay small debts harm black families inordinately. Some-times, the consequence is jail. Other times, electricity is cut, or wages garnished. The modern roots of the racial wealth gap can be traced back to the post-World War II housing boom, when federal agencies blocked loans to black Americans, locking them out of the greatest wealth accumulation this country has ever experienced. More recently, the bursting of the housing bubble and subse-quent recession slammed minorities. In 2013, the median wealth of white households was 13 times the median wealth of black house-holds, the widest gap since 1989. Earlier this year, my colleague Annie Waldman and I took a close look at debt-col-lection lawsuits in three major American cities. We expected to see a pattern driven by income, with collectors and credit card lend-ers suing people most often in lower-income areas. But income was just half the story. Even accounting for income, the rate of court judgments from these lawsuits was twice as high in mostly black communities as it was in mostly white ones. In some neighborhoods in Newark and St. Louis, we found more than one judgment for every four residents over a five-year period. Many were families who, knocked off their feet by medical bills or job loss or other problems, had simply been un-able to recover. When debts turn into court judgments, plaintiffs gain the power to collect by clean-ing out bank accounts and seizing wages. Federal and state laws generally don’t pro-tect anyone but the poorest debtors, and be-cause judgments are valid for a decade or more, the threat of garnishment can linger for years. The paycheck from that new job may suddenly be slashed and savings may disappear. Sometimes the consequence of not having the money to pay a bill is immediate: The power goes out. In a 2009 national survey of lower-income households by the federal En-ergy Information Administration, 9 percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.005 E11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE30 January 11, 2016 
of blacks reported having their electricity disconnected in the previous year because they had been unable to pay. For whites, the number was less than 4 percent, according to an analysis of the survey by the National Consumer Law Center. And sometimes the consequence of unman-ageable debt is to fall further into debt. In a 2013 Federal Reserve survey, about three times as many blacks reported taking out a high-interest payday loan in the previous year as did whites at the same income level. Desperate consumers turn to these loans as a way to catch up on bills, but often get tripped up by unaffordable interest pay-ments. When combined with discriminatory polic-ing practices, the effect of the asset gap is to magnify the racial disparity. In its report on the Ferguson, Mo., Police Department, the Justice Department found that officers dis-proportionately stopped and ticketed black citizens. For a ‘‘manner of walking’’ viola-tion, it was $302; for ‘‘high grass and weeds,’’ $531. Blacks accounted for about 67 percent of Ferguson’s population and around 85 percent of the municipal court cases. But the num-bers were even more lopsided when it came to the harshest consequences. Blacks ac-counted for 92 percent of the cases where an arrest warrant had been issued to compel payment. And this wasn’t a problem only in Fer-guson. Earlier this year, the American Civil Liberties Union sued DeKalb County, Ga., which includes part of Atlanta, for jailing citizens over unpaid court fines and unpaid fees charged by a for-profit company that runs probation services for the government. About 55 percent of DeKalb County’s popu-lation is black, but the A.C.L.U. found that nearly all probationers jailed for failure to pay those fines and fees were black. The racial wealth gap ‘‘creates this cycli-cal effect,’’ said Nusrat Choudhury, an A.C.L.U. attorney. An unpaid speeding ticket may result in a suspended driver’s license, which may lead to a more severe violation. Unable to pay their fines, black defendants become more crushingly entangled in debt. Cori Winfield, a single mother in St. Louis, got caught up in this cycle. After she was unable to keep up the pay-ments on a subprime auto loan she took out in 2009, the car was repossessed the next year, but the consequences didn’t stop there. Because the debt continued to be bloated by interest charges, the lender began garnishing her wages in 2012. The garnishment con-tinues today. Because she was unable to repay, she will end up paying far more than she owed in the first place. Making matters worse for Ms. Winfield, while her wages were being garnished, she was arrested for driving with a license that had been suspended because she had failed to pay a speeding ticket. She ended up spending a weekend in jail and having to pay the cost of bail. Ms. Winfield has a decent clerical job, earning about $30,000 a year. But she lives month to month. When hit with an unex-pected expense, she is left reeling. Her vulnerability is typical. In a recent survey by the Pew Charitable Trusts, the typical black household earning between $25,000 and $50,000 reported having emergency savings of $400. The typical white household in that range had $2,100. Black families were much more likely to report difficulty in recovering from a finan-cial setback or to have fallen behind on a bill in the past year. This financial insecurity extended up the income scale. Of black households with income between $50,000 and $85,000, 30 percent said they had been unable to pay a bill. By contrast, only white house-holds with incomes below $25,000 reported similar trouble paying bills; 31 percent said they had fallen behind. What can be done? The best place to start is by identifying practices that are particu-larly damaging to black communities, and then fixing them. In Missouri, for example, the attorney gen-eral recently proposed a series of reforms for debt-collection lawsuits to ensure that the underlying debt was valid and that lawyers’ fees were not excessive. Collection-industry trade groups supported the proposal. Lawmakers in Missouri and other states could go further and reduce the amount of income subject to garnishment. In most states (New York and New Jersey are excep-tions), defendants can lose a quarter of their post-tax income, a big hit for even middle-in-come families. Bank accounts are afforded even less pro-tection, allowing collectors to seize funds without limit. It’s a nonsensical system that restricts how much of a worker’s paycheck a collector can seize, but allows collectors to take the entire amount once that check is deposited. Setting even a small dollar amount as automatically off limits to collec-tors would be a substantial improvement. Changes like that benefit everyone, but they particularly help black families. Policy makers should pay attention. Making it easi-er to recover from small setbacks can make a big difference in people’s lives. Paul Kiel is a consumer finance reporter for ProPublica. This is part of its series on debt collection. f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. RONNA RICE 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Mrs. Ronna Rice, Chief Executive Offi-cer of Rice’s Lucky Clover Honey. Rice’s Lucky Clover Honey is a family oper-ated 4th and 5th generation business that pro-duces unfiltered and raw honey in Greeley, Colorado. Since 1924, they have produced high quality honey, created jobs, and ex-panded to foreign markets. Small business owners are the backbone of our economy and communities. It’s the inge-nuity and hard work Mrs. Rice embodies daily that makes America exceptional. She has shown true leadership in her industry and community. Recently, Mrs. Rice was selected as a lead-er in small business by the White House and invited by First Lady, Michelle Obama, to the State of the Union on January 12, 2016. On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Col-orado, I extend my best wishes to Mrs. Rice and hope she enjoys her visit to our nation’s Capital. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mrs. Ronna Rice for her accomplishments. IN REMEMBRANCE OF DALE BUMPERS U.S. SENATOR, GOV-ERNOR OF ARKANSAS, AND FIGHTER FOR SOCIAL JUSTICE AND PROGRESSIVE REFORMS HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Dale Leon Bumpers, a great American, a man who embodied civility and bi-partisanship; one of the most passionate ad-vocates for civil rights, social justice, and nu-clear non-proliferation; a man who served his country honorably in the Armed Forces, the Arkansas Statehouse, and the United States Senate. Dale Bumpers died at his home in Little Rock, Arkansas, on January 1, 2016 at the age of 90. Dale Bumpers was born August 12, 1925, in Charleston, Arkansas, to Lattie (Jones) and William Rufus Bumpers, who had served a term in the Arkansas House of Representa-tives of Arkansas, encouraged his son to at-tend all local political events telling him that there was, ‘‘nothing as exhilarating as a polit-ical victory and nothing as rewarding or as honorable as being a dedicated, honest politi-cian who actually makes things better and more just.’’ Dale Bumpers came of age during the lean years of the Great Depression, which instilled in him an ethic of hard work and a compas-sion for those in need, what the great biog-rapher Robert Caro quotes Sam Early John-son as being caught in the ‘‘tentacles of cir-cumstance.’’ In 1943, Dale Bumpers put his studies at the University of Arkansas on hold to enlist in the United States Marines, serving in the Pa-cific Theater during World War II. After his honorable discharge from the Ma-rines, Dale Bumpers earned his baccalaureate degree from the University of Arkansas and then moved to Evanston, Illinois to attend Northwestern University School of Law, from which he graduated in 1951. In 1949, two fateful events occurred: trag-ically his beloved parents were killed in an automobile accident; but happily, he married his high school sweetheart and the love of his life, Betty Lou Flanagan, and together they raised their three children in Charleston, Ar-kansas. Upon graduation from law school and his admission to the Arkansas State Bar in 1952, Dale Bumpers entered the private practice of law, a field in which his natural charm, quick wit, and folksy manner, allowed him to excel. Between 1952 and 1970, he won every case he handled except three, which validated the title of his memoir which was, The Best Lawyer in a One-Lawyer Town. After the Supreme Court’s Landmark deci-sion of Brown v. Board of Education, the Charleston School Board asked his advice on how to best respond to the Court’s decision. Dale Bumpers’s response was quick and di-rect: compliance rather than defiance was his advice, which was heeded by the School Board. In 1962, Dale Bumpers ran for the House seat that his father once held and although he handily carried his home city of Charleston, he narrowly lost the election. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.007 E11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE31 January 11, 2016 
But the loss neither discouraged nor de-terred Dale Bumpers from seeking elective of-fice so he could continue to serve others. Opportunity presented itself in the 1970 Ar-kansas gubernatorial race. The Democratic primary field included racist former Governor Orval Faubus, who had served six terms from 1954 to 1966, Attorney General Joe Edward Purcell, and Arkansas House Speaker Hayes McClerkin. An early poll showed Dale Bumpers with about one percent of the vote but compelling television ads showcasing his integrity, win-ning personality, progressivism attracted broad and enthusiastic public support, especially in western Arkansas, and earned him a spot in the run-off election with Orval Faubus, which he won with 62% of the vote. In the general election, Dale Bumpers soundly defeated the incumbent Republican governor, Winthrop Rockefeller, who was seeking a third term. During his first term as Arkansas Governor, Dale Bumpers guided to passage laws that gave more powers to the cities, created a con-sumer protection division in the Attorney Gen-eral’s office, repealed the ‘‘fair trade’’ liquor law, expanded the state park system, im-proved social services for elderly, disabled, and developmentally challenged citizens. During his second term Dale Bumpers con-tinued to pursue a progressive reform agenda and won passage of legislation creating state- supported kindergarten, providing for free text-books for high school students, authorizing a major construction program at the state’s col-leges, eliminating the prison ‘‘trusty’’ system, and increased support of the community col-lege system through increased state payments of operational costs. Despite the fact Dale Bumpers governorship was widely viewed as a success, by friends and critics alike, he did not enjoy the position, writing in his autobiography that he, ‘‘intensely disliked most of my time as governor’’ be-cause ‘‘I spent more time trying to make sure bad things didn’t happen than I spent trying to make good things happen.’’ In 1974, as he was completing his second term as governor, Dale Bumpers decided to challenge the incumbent U.S. senator, the leg-endary J. William Fulbright, in the Democratic senatorial primary. Because of his admiration, support, and friendship, Dale Bumpers was reluctant to enter the race against the politically vulnerable Senator Fulbright, writing in his memoir: 
I didn’t want to oppose him; on the other hand, I would never forgive myself if he was defeated by someone whose views were an anathema to me. 
Dale Bumpers won the Democratic primary with 65% percent of the vote and went on to win the general election against John Harris Jones with 85% of the vote, the largest margin of victory in a statewide election in 30 years. Dale Bumpers was sworn in as United States Senator in January 1975; he was easily reelected in 1980, 1986, and 1992. In the course of his 28 year career, Dale Bumpers, nicknamed ‘‘the giant killer’’ by the New York Times, would defeat former or fu-ture Arkansas governors: Orval Faubus, Win-throp Rockefeller, Asa Hutchinson, and Mike Huckabee. During his twenty-four-year career in the United States Senate, Dale Bumpers served as Chairman and Ranking Member of the Small Business Committee and was a senior member of the Committees on Appropriations and on Energy and Natural Resources from which perch he championed environmental legislation and efforts to expand and fund the National Park System. Though as a fiscal conservative, Senator Bumpers was an early supporter of efforts to reduce the national debt and was often a critic of excessive military spending. Dale Bumpers retired from the Senate in 1998 but one of the greatest orators ever to serve in the Senate returned to the chamber the following year to deliver the speech for which he is perhaps best known, the powerful, persuasive, compelling, and widely praised closing argument leading to acquittal in the Senate impeachment trial of President Bill Clinton. Mr. Speaker, Dale Leon Bumpers was a legislator’s legislator and our prayers and con-dolences go out to his widow, Betty Lou Flanagan, his children, Brent, Bill, and Brooke. Dale Leon Bumpers touched so many lives in so many helpful ways that he will always be remembered as one of the finest public serv-ants of the 20th century. I ask that the House observe a moment of silence in memory of the distinguished United States Senator from Arkansas, the late Dale Leon Bumpers. f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $18,888,640,000,429.69. We’ve added $8,261,762,951,516.61 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS CARSON BUZHARDT 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, today, I am grateful to recognize Carson Buzhardt as the female statewide winner of the South Carolina Farm Bureau Youth Am-bassador Contest. A resident of Lexington County, Carson graduated from Wyman King Academy and now attends Clemson University where she majors in Agribusiness and aspires to become a leader in the food industry. Car-son was selected as the winner after her essay and presentation on farm life in South Carolina impressed the panel of judges. Her parents, Daryl and Pamela Buzhardt of Lexington, join me in recognizing her achieve-ment, and I am confident in her future suc-cess. The South Carolina Farm Bureau, under the leadership of President Harry Ott, selects two Youth Ambassadors each year to highlight youth involvement and interest in agriculture. I am grateful to the South Carolina Farm Bu-reau for their critical work celebrating and sup-porting family farmers in the Second Congres-sional District and across the State. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. Congratulations Carson Buzhardt. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to have my votes recorded on the House floor on Thursday, January 7, 2016 and Friday, Janu-ary 8, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Johnson (GA) Amendment Num-ber 2 (Roll No. 7), Cummings/Connolly Amendment (Roll No. 8), Lynch Amendment (Roll No. 9), Johnson (GA)/Jackson-Lee Amendment Number 6 (Roll No. 10), the mo-tion to recommit with instructions (Roll No. 11), Johnson (GA) Part B Amendment Num-ber 4 (Roll No. 13), Cummings Part B Amend-ment Number 6 (Roll No. 14), Cicilline Part B Amendment Number 7 (Roll No. 15), DelBene Part B Amendment Number 8 (Roll No. 16), Cicilline Part B Amendment Number 9 (Roll No. 17), Pocan Part B Amendment Number 10 (Roll No. 18), and the motion to recommit with instructions (Roll No. 19). I would have voted no on passage of H.R. 712 (Roll No. 12), passage of H.R. 1155 (Roll No. 20), on ordering the previous question (Roll No. 21), passage of H. Res. 581 (Roll No. 22). On Friday, January 8th, I would have voted aye on Cohen Amendment Number 1 (Roll No. 23), Conyers Amendment Number 3 (Roll No. 24), Deutch Amendment Number 4 (Roll No. 25), Moore Amendment Number 5 (Roll No. 26), Moore Amendment Number 6 (Roll No. 27), Waters Amendment No. 7 (Roll No. 28), Johnson Amendment No. 8 (Roll No. 29), Jackson Lee Amendment No. 9 (Roll No. 30), Nadler Amendment No. 10 (Roll No. 31), and the motion to recommit with instructions (Roll No. 32). I would have voted no on passage of H.R. 1927 (Roll No. 33). 
f 
HONORING GEORGIAN BOB RUMBLE 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and celebrate an out-standing educator, Bob Rumble. For more than 30 years, Bob has taught history and civics in high schools around Atlanta. Over the years Mr. Rumble has been an active partici-pant in Close Up, an organization that brings students and teachers from around the coun-try to Washington D.C. to promote interactive civic engagement. This week marks Mr. Rum-ble’s 30th student trip to D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11JA8.009 E11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE32 January 11, 2016 
Mr. Rumble first took over the Close Up pro-gram at Stone Mountain High School in 1985. In 1993 he led the Close Up program at Herit-age High School. Later in his career, Mr. Rumble chartered the program at both Roswell and Cambridge High Schools. Most recently Bob brought Close Up to his current position as a history teacher at Kings Ridge Christian School in Alpharetta. Through the Close Up program, Mr. Rumble has given his students a hands-on experience of what he taught in the classroom. Some of his former students and Close Up participants were able to join him this week on what may be Bob’s last trip. Mr. Speaker I want to commend Mr. Rumble for his years of dedication and service to our community. Democracy requires active and informed participation and through these Close Up trips Mr. Rumble has been able to share that with his students. Due to educators like Mr. Rumble, our Nation’s future is bright. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MIGUEL C. MIRANDA 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 11, 2016 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Miguel C. Miranda, a true leader and servant of the community of Brawley. Mr. Mi-randa passed away on Tuesday, December 29, 2015, in his beloved city of Brawley. Miguel was born on August 30, 1957, in Brawley to his parents, Miguel and Hipolita Mi-randa. He attended Miguel Hidalgo School, Barbara Worth Junior High School and Braw-ley Union High School, where he graduated in 1976. In high school he was in the cadets, and on the football and wrestling team. Mr. Mi-randa attended Imperial Valley College. From a young age, Miguel was an active member in the Brawley community. He served as an altar boy at St. Margaret Mary Church. Later, he would serve as the church’s Hospi-tality Ministry member and parishioner. Throughout his life, Miguel played many roles within the Brawley community. He was actively involved with the Brown Society, Poor Side of Town and Latin Cruisers Low Riders Car Clubs. He was an honorary member of Hi-dalgo Society and during his 40 years, he was an active member, past president and served in other board roles. Other public service memberships included Brawley Parks and Recreation Commissioner, Imperial Valley Col-lege Affirmative Action Advisory, Pioneers Me-morial Hospital Intensive Care Foundation Ad-visory Council, Brawley American Citizens Club Member and past political chairman, California Rural Legal Assistance board mem-ber, Imperial County Manpower Panning Council, North-End Optimist Club and Imperial Valley Housing Authority. He was a past mem-ber and Grand Knight of the Knights of Colum-bus Council 2130, and a member of the Braw-ley Elementary School District Advisory Com-mittee. Miguel was also a coach, supporter, fan, and friend of the Brawley Junior Gladiators Wrestling and Brawley Union High School Wrestling Programs. He participated in the Los Camperos Camping Group. Miguel also served a judge for community contests, such as the Chili Cook-Off and the Jalapen ˜o Eating Contest, a contest Miguel won for several years in a row. Miguel was employed by Friends Outside as a Family Liaison Specialist at Calipatria State Prison and was previously employed by the Institute for Social Economic Justice, SER Jobs for Progress, Work Training Center, Campesinos Unidos Inc., and Brawley Ele-mentary School District. In 2001, Miguel was Board President of the Clı´nicas del Salud del Pueblo, and in November 2015, he was voted by his constituents to serve as the City of Brawley Treasurer. He had previously served the City of Brawley as a Council Member and Mayor pro-tempore. Miguel’s constant involvement in the com-munity earned him the friendly title, ‘‘Amigo de la Comunidad’’ (Friend of the Community). Miguel was an outstanding individual, hus-band, father, papa Mike, brother, brother-in- law (cun˜ado), son-in-law (yerno), uncle (tı´o), buddy (compa) and friend to many. He was considerate, genuine, devoted, and an avid Raiders Booster Club fan. He loved spending time with his family. In 1981, he met the love of his life, Estela Robles, and was married in April of 1982. He was enormously proud of his family, and they of him. Miguel will be missed by his family—his wife, Estela; son and daughter-in-law, Miguel Jr. and Danitza, son, Alex; daughter, Vanessa; future son-in-law, Andres; and his new grand-son, Michael Angel—and his Brawley commu-nity. I want to commemorate Miguel Miranda for all lifetime of service to his community. His leadership is sure to leave a lasting legacy. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Jan-uary 12, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 19 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the near- term outlook for energy and com-modity markets. SD–366 JANUARY 20 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold an oversight hearing to examine Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan. SR–232A JANUARY 21 9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the automotive industry. SD–366 JANUARY 26 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the presidential memorandum issued on November 3, 2015 entitled, ‘‘Miti-gating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment.’’ SD–366 JANUARY 28 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the status of innovative technologies within the nuclear industry. SD–366 FEBRUARY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine energy-re-lated trends in advanced manufac-turing and workforce development. SD–366 FEBRUARY 23 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of the Interior. SD–366 MARCH 3 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy. SD–366 MARCH 8 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2017 for the Forest Service. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11JA8.004 E11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D22 Monday, January 11, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3–S38 Measures Introduced: One bill and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2437, and S. Res. 343.
                                                                              Pages S31–32 
Measures Passed: Relative to the Death of Former Senator Dale Bumpers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 343, relative to the death of Dale Bumpers, former United States Senator for the State of Arkansas.
                         Page S33 
Escort Committee—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Presiding Officer of the Senate be authorized to ap-point a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber for the joint session to be held at 9 p.m., on Tuesday, January 12, 2016. 
                                                                                                Page S33 
Federal Reserve Transparency Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, January 12, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2232, to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, with the time until 2:30 p.m., equally divided between the two Leaders or their designees.
                               Page S33 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to the Constitution, the report of the veto of S.J. Res. 23, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, received during adjournment of the Senate on December 18, 2015; ordered to be printed in the Record, spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. (PM–34)                                                              Pages S3, S28–29 
Transmitting, pursuant to the Constitution, the report of the veto of S.J. Res. 24, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Car-bon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’, received during adjournment of the Senate on De-cember 18, 2015; ordered to be printed in the Record, spread in full upon the Journal, and held at the desk. (PM–35)
                                     Pages S3–4, S28–29 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 82 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. EX. 1), Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. 
                                                                              Pages S17–21, S38 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Raymond G. Farmer, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of one year. Thomas McLeary, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of two years. Michael J. Rothman, of Minnesota, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the National Asso-ciation of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of two years. Heather Ann Steinmiller, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers for a term of two years. Nelson Reyneri, of Washington, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2018. Todd A. Weiler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. John Mark McWatters, of Texas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D23 January 11, 2016 
of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2019. Kelly Keiderling-Franz, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay. Stephen Michael Schwartz, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia. 12 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 4 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                                   Pages S34–38 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: Patricia M. Loui-Schmicker, of Hawaii, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2019, which was sent to the Senate on March 16, 2015. Phillip H. Cullom, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, which was sent to the Senate on November 19, 2015.
                                             Page S38 
Messages from the House:                                     Page S29 
Measures Referred:                                                     Page S29 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:                   Page S29 
Executive Communications:                         Pages S29–31 
Additional Cosponsors:                                    Pages S32–33 
Additional Statements:                                             Page S26 Authorities for Committees to Meet:             Page S33 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—1)
                                                                          Page S21 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Senator Dale Bumpers, in accordance with S. Res. 343, at 6:46 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, January 12, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S33.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR EVENT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on assessing the recent North Korea nuclear event from Sung Kim, Special Representative for North Korea Policy, and Vann H. Van Diepen, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of International Security and Nonproliferation, both of the Department of State; Andrea Hall, National In-telligence Officer for WMD, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; and Abraham M. Denmark, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for East Asia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 4359–4364; and 3 resolutions, H.J. Res. 80; H. Con. Res. 106; and H. Res. 584, were intro-duced.
                                                                                Page H280 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H281 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 757, to improve the enforcement of sanc-tions against the Government of North Korea, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–392, Part 1); H.R. 3662, to enhance congressional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism financiers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–393, Part 1); H.R. 3242, to require special packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–394); and H. Res. 583, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1644) to amend the Surface Mining Con-trol and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure trans-parency in the development of environmental regula-tions, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 22) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3662) to enhance congressional oversight over the administration of sanctions against certain Iranian terrorism financiers, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from January 14, 2016, through January 22, 2016 (H. Rept. 114–395).
                                                  Page H280 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Smith (NE) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                            Page H225 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD24 January 11, 2016 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:09 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                     Page H226 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:48 p.m.
                                                     Page H227 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act: S. 142, to require the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers; 
                                                                                      Pages H227–29 
Presidential Allowance Modernization Act: H.R. 1777, amended, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President;
           Pages H241–42 
District of Columbia Courts, Public Defender Service, and Court Services and Offender Super-vision Agency Act: S. 1629, to revise certain au-thorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia;
        Pages H242–44 
GONE Act: S. 1115, to close out expired, empty grant accounts;
                                                      Pages H244–46 
Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act: H.R. 598, amended, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 413 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 34;
                          Pages H246–47, H257–58 
Presidential Library Donation Reform Act of 2016: H.R. 1069, amended, to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organiza-tions;
                                                                          Pages H247–49 
FOIA Act: H.R. 653, amended, to amend section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), to pro-vide for greater public access to information; and 
                                                                                      Pages H249–55 
Federal Intern Protection Act: H.R. 3231, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harassment and discrimination, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 35.
                                Pages H255–57, H258 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 5, United States Code, to protect unpaid interns in the Federal Government from workplace harassment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses.’’.
                                                                              Page H258 Recess: The House recessed at 5:55 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                     Page H257 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2016: H.R. 757, amended, to improve the enforcement of sanctions against the Government of North Korea. 
                                                                                      Pages H229–41 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H257–58 and H258. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
STREAM ACT; IRAN TERROR FINANCE TRANSPARENCY ACT; SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS AND THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY RELATING TO THE DEFINITION OF ‘‘WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES’’ UNDER THE FEDERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1644, the ‘‘STREAM Act’’; H.R. 3662, the ‘‘Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act’’; and S.J. Res. 22, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, granted a structured rule for H.R. 1644. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Nat-ural Resources now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D25 January 11, 2016 
be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for S.J. Res. 22. The rule provides one hour of debate equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to commit. Furthermore, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 3662. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 4, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from January 14, 2016, through January 22, 2016: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. Lastly, in section 5 the rule pro-vides that the Speaker may appoint Members to per-form the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 4. Testimony was heard from Chairman Royce and Representatives Engel, Russell, Gibbs, Mooney of West Virginia, and Lowenthal. SBA’S OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE: GOOD FOR BUSINESS? Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘SBA’s Office of International Trade: Good for Busi-ness?’’. Testimony was heard from Eileen Sanchez, Associate Administrator, Office of International Trade, Small Business Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1333) 
H.R. 2270, to redesignate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty Na-tional Memorial within the wildlife refuge. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–101) H.R. 2297, to prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–102) H.R. 2693, to designate the arboretum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Ar-boretum’’. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–103) H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the Stem Cell Thera-peutic and Research Act of 2005. Signed on Decem-ber 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–104) H.R. 3594, to extend temporarily the Federal Per-kins Loan program. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–105) H.R. 3831, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–106) H.R. 4246, to exempt for an additional 4-year pe-riod, from the application of the means-test pre-sumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying mem-bers of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the National Guard who, after Sep-tember 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to per-form a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–107) H.J. Res. 76, appointing the day for the con-vening of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–108) S. 614, to provide access to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper pay-ments. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–109) S. 808, to establish the Surface Transportation Board as an independent establishment. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–110) S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eli-gibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–111) S. 1461, to provide for the extension of the en-forcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD26 January 11, 2016 
and small rural hospitals through 2015. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–112) H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016. Signed on December 18, 2015. (Public Law 114–113) H.R. 1321, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the manufacture and intro-duction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of rinse-off cosmetics containing inten-tionally-added plastic microbeads. Signed on Decem-ber 28, 2015. (Public Law 114–114) S. 2425, to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation technology and certain radiation ther-apy services, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 payment adjust-ments. Signed on December 28, 2015. (Public Law 114–115) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi- ness meeting to consider the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and Carolyn N. Lerner, of Maryland, to be Special Counsel, Office of Special Coun-sel, for the term of five years (Reappointment), 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: business meeting to con-sider the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Ad-dressing Special Populations’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Views on the U.S. Strategy for Iraq and Syria and the Evolution of Islamic Extremism’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘National Academies Study on Peer Review and Design Competition in the NNSA National Security Labora-tories’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. ll, the EPS Improvement Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Hearing on Four Commu-nications Bills’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Opportunities and Challenges Facing the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, markup on H. Res. 339, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the 25th anni-versary of democracy in Mongolia; H. Res. 343, express-ing concern regarding persistent and credible reports of systematic, state-sanctioned organ harvesting from non- consenting prisoners of conscience in the People’s Repub-lic of China, including from large numbers of Falun Gong practitioners and members of other religious and ethnic minority groups; and H. Res. 374, recognizing the 50th anniversary of Singaporean independence and re-affirming Singapore’s close partnership with the United States; and hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights in China: The 2015 Annual Report of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China’’, 2:15 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3406, the ‘‘Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4240, the ‘‘No Fly for Foreign Fighters Act’’; and H.R. 1854, the ‘‘Comprehensive Justice and Mental Health Act of 2015’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring En-ergy Challenges and Opportunities Facing Puerto Rico’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 1671, the ‘‘Government Neu-trality in Contracting Act’’; H.R. 3023, to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes; the ‘‘Senior Executive Service Accountability Act’’; the ‘‘Federal Information Systems Safeguards Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Official Personnel File Enhancement Act’’; and the ‘‘Administrative Leave Reform Act’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies of the House Committee on Homeland Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Wassenaar: Cybersecurity and Export Control’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4084, the ‘‘Nuclear Energy In-novation Capabilities Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘SBA Management Review: Oversight of SBA’s Access to Capital Offices’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health and Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Office of Innovation and Invest-ment at the SBA’’, 3 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D27 January 11, 2016 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘1988 to 2016: VETSNET to VBMS; Billions Spent, Backlog Grinds On’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 12 through January 15, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 2:15 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2232, Federal Reserve Trans-parency Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 2:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan- uary 12, business meeting to consider the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Com-missioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: January 12, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, and Carolyn N. Lerner, of Maryland, to be Special Counsel, Office of Spe-cial Counsel, for the term of five years (Reappointment), 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: January 12, business meeting to consider the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, Time to be announced, S–216, Cap-itol. Select Committee on Intelligence: January 12, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, January 13, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced Infra-structure and Base Operating Support Investments on Air Force Readiness’’, 9 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. January 13, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Views on Commissary Reform’’, 10:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, January 13, Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘How to Create a More Robust and Private Flood Insur-ance Marketplace’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, January 13, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Re-sponse to North Korea’s Nuclear Provocations’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, January 13, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The Original Meaning of the Origination Clause’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, January 13, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4341, the ‘‘Defending America’s Small Contractors Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD28 January 11, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, January 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 12:30 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2232, Federal Reserve Transparency Act, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 2:30 p.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) (Senators will gather in the Senate Chamber at 8:20 p.m. and proceed as a body to the Hall of the House of Representa-tives at 8:25 p.m., to receive a State of the Union Address from the President.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, January 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 1655— STREAM Act (Subject to a Rule). Joint Session with the Senate to receive the State of the Union Address from the President of the United States. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Buck, Ken, Colo., E30 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E31 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E28 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E28, E30 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E27 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E31 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E27, E29 Price, Tom, Ga., E31 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E28 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E27 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E27 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E32 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E29 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E28 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E31 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11JA6.REC D11JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST