Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6273 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2016 No. 165 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We come to the end of a week where we have given thanks for peaceful elec-tions throughout our country, and the welcoming of those newly elected to this assembly in anticipation of the 115th Congress. Now we approach a week during which all Americans will gather to re-member who we are: a Nation gener-ously blessed, not only by You, our God, but by courageous ancestors, faithful allies, and the best good wishes of people everywhere who long for free-dom, who would glory in the difficult work of participative government, and who do not enjoy the bounty we are privileged to possess. Bless the Members of this assembly, and us all, that we would be worthy of the call we have been given as Ameri-cans. Help us all to be truly thankful and appropriately generous in our re-sponse. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. Mr. BOST led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING PRIVATE FIRST CLASS TYLER IUBELT (Mr. BOST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Private First Class Tyler Iubelt. Tyler was a Tamaroa, Illinois native, a 2015 graduate of Pinckneyville High School. He enjoyed the outdoors, grill-ing, playing practical jokes on his friends and teachers. He was known as a smart and good-natured kid, and had a great future. He was a son, a husband and, just recently, a father. Last Sat-urday, he died a hero. Upon graduation, Tyler entered the U.S. Army, stationed at Fort Hood, Texas. He was transferred to Bagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan. Accord-ing to the Pentagon, a Taliban ter-rorist managed to ignite an IED at the base, killing Tyler, Sergeant John Perry, and two American contractors. Seventeen more were injured. An inves-tigation is ongoing. But our prayers are needed now for Tyler’s wife, Shelby, for baby Violet, for his parents, his extended family, and his many friends in southern Illi-nois. Tyler paid the ultimate sacrifice for this Nation, and, for that, we will al-ways be grateful. RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF BARBARA WONG (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Barbara Wong, an incredible advocate for the arts, who has been executive director of Provi-dence CityArts for Youth for 16 years. Throughout her career, Barbara has helped thousands of youth realize the importance of art in their own lives, as well as its extraordinary power to cre-ate social change. Thanks to her, the arts community in Providence is more vibrant, more diverse, and more acces-sible for children from all backgrounds than ever before. In 2014, her dedication to ensuring that all children have the same oppor-tunities to learn about and pursue the arts helped Providence CityArts for Youth earn a trip to the White House to receive the prestigious National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award. It is my honor to thank Barbara for her years of service to the children and young people of Providence, and I wish her all the best in the coming years. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF RALPH J. CICERONE (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Ralph Cicerone, who passed away on November 5, at the age of 73. Ralph served as the University of California-Irvine’s chancellor from 1998 to 2005. During that time, UCI experi-enced tremendous success under his leadership, including raising the school’s national rankings and break-ing ground on its teaching hospital. Beyond his contributions to the Irvine community, Ralph was world-re-nowned for his innovative, scientific 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.000 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6274 November 17, 2016 
research that has helped shape environ-mental policy. Our thoughts are with Ralph’s wife, Carol, his daughter, Sarah, and his two grandchildren. He will be truly missed but will be long remembered for his contributions to the Orange County UCI and science communities. 
f 
DISTRIBUTION OF GREENHOUSE GASES (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, this is another in a series of 1-minutes on cool science endeavors by American sci-entists. Today I discuss a system that pro-vides data about the distribution of greenhouse gases around the Earth. The National Science Foundation fund-ed the Airborne Platform for Pole-to- Pole Observations, called HIPPO, that maps the composition and interactions of greenhouse gases as they move around the Earth. This information is used to identify the sources and sinks of carbon dioxide. The field efforts were highly success-ful, and these unique experiments are providing valuable insight into the role of the global carbon cycle in the cli-mate system. This data has been made publicly available and will be a source of information for years to come. The project was a coordinated effort by the NSF and the NOAA to acquire a clearer picture of the impact of carbon dioxide on rainforests and other eco-systems. I urge Congress to continue its sup-port for scientific endeavors, such as HIPPO, so that we can gain a better understanding of our Earth’s climate system. 
f 
LET’S GET THE 21ST CENTURY CURES ACT ACROSS THE FINISH LINE (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shine a light on the millions of Americans impacted by deadly dis-eases that currently have no cure. We know that better treatments and cures for diseases like cancer, ALS, Alz-heimer’s, and the 7,000 rare diseases are within our reach. We need to break down the govern-ment barriers to innovation and dis-covery. The 21st Century Cures Act will do just that. I stand with my col-leagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee when I say: let’s get this done. We have the chance now to help make a profound impact on people’s lives. With Cures, and my provision in the OPEN Act, we are opening the doors for medical breakthroughs to happen. For the sake of millions of patients and their families, let’s get 21st Century Cures across the finish line. THE FINAL 1-MINUTE SPEECH (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, over the last 51⁄2years, I have spoken here on the House floor more times than I can count, but this will be my last. I am re-tiring from Congress and joining the Los Angeles County Board of Super-visors, a position my father held for 40 years, where he did so much good for so many people. Few people have the privilege to serve their community and their coun-try in the United States Congress. I am honored by the trust my constituents invested in me to represent them. I have been humbled by the experience and continue to be in awe of the time I have spent as both a witness and par-ticipant to history. Washington can be a difficult place, but I have managed to make incredible friends here with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, from my good friend, Congressman T
EDPOE, my co- chair on the PORTS Caucus; to D
AVID C
ICILLINE , my best friend, my inspira-tion for the issues that he addresses each and every day; and to L
OUIE GOH-
MERT , my co-chair for the National Prayer Breakfast. I want to thank Leader P
ELOSI for her example and for the strength she instills in all of us in the Democratic Caucus. I am eager to get back to work in Los Angeles, but I will be sorry to say goodbye to all of you. I have appre-ciated your support, your friendship, your dedication to your constituents, and to this great country, and I will forever be grateful to have known you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL PARK SERVICE DIRECTOR JONATHAN JARVIS (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Director Jonathan Jarvis on his impressive career preserving some of our Nation’s most treasured places as Director of the National Park Service. Director Jarvis serves as the 18th di-rector in the NPS history and devel-oped his love for national parks at a young age, with his family’s farm tucked in Virginia’s Shenandoah Val-ley backing up to the Washington Na-tional Forest. A Virginia native, Director Jarvis graduated from the College of William and Mary with a degree in biology and began his career as a seasonal interpre-tive ranger on the National Mall in 1976. As Director, he oversees an agency responsible for over 400 national parks, attracting some 280 million visitors each year. Recently, while on the grounds of Teddy Roosevelt’s beloved home, Sagamore Hill, I was pleased to hear his vision for the essential role of parks in our national life. At the end of this year, the centen-nial year of the National Park Service, Director Jarvis will retire after 40 years of service. I extend my warmest regards and best wishes to Director Jarvis in this next chapter of his life. Happy trails. f 
TOOLS TO PREVENT VIOLENCE IN THE MIDDLE EAST (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week this House passed two important measures dealing with the problems we have in the Middle East. One measure on extending the Iran sanctions, the ability for the President to authorize those that would have expired at the end of this year, was passed by this House in order to give this administra-tion and the next one tools needed for the bad behavior of Iran that it con-tinues to exhibit. We cannot trust that they will continue to adhere to the bad agreement that was made. Also an important measure was that for Syria to cause sanctions against their proclivity to bring violence upon their citizens. We need both of these measures for this President and this administration currently and, very im-portantly, going into the next one to be able to enforce against these bad ac-tivities that are happening in the Mid-dle East. I urge the Senate to take up these measures. I urge this President to pass these measures, so we have these im-portant tools to prevent this kind of vi-olence in the Middle East using our sanction ability. 
f 
MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 5982. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ILL). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 921 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5982. The Chair appoints the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b0914 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.002 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6275 November 17, 2016 
House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc con-sideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
ENHAM in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b0915 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As the Obama administration comes to a close, Americans’ freedom and prosperity is once again threatened by one of the most abusive features of modern bureaucracy: midnight regula-tion. Midnight regulation is one of the most vexing problems in Washington’s overreaching regulatory system. Ad-ministration after administration, there is a spike in rulemaking activity during the last year of a President’s term—particularly between election day and Inauguration Day, but even in the months before then. These successive waves of midnight regulation present deeply troubling issues. First and foremost, because out-going administrations are no longer ac-countable to the voters, they are much more prone to issue midnight regula-tions that fly in the face of the elec-toral mandate the voters just gave the new, incoming administration. Waves of midnight rules can also be very hard for Congress or a new admin-istration to check adequately. As a new Congress and President begin their terms, both, understandably, must be focused on implementing the new pri-orities within the mandates the voters have given them. That doesn’t always leave time to focus on cleaning up all of the last acts of the departing admin-istration. In addition, the Congressional Re-view Act currently allows Congress to disapprove of regulations—including midnight regulations—only one at a time. A wave of midnight regulations can easily overwhelm Congress’ ability to use one-rule-at-a-time resolutions as an effective check. Finally, it is well-documented that the rush by outgoing administrations to impose midnight rules before the clock strikes 12 leads to more poorly analyzed rules with lower quality and lower benefits. The Obama administration has im-posed more runaway regulation than any other in memory, and its midnight rulemaking period is no exception. This administration has issued or plans to issue at least 180 midnight rules within the scope of this bill, including multiple billion-dollar rules and more than 20 major rules imposing $100 mil-lion or more in costs per year. It has been estimated that as many as $113 billion in new regulatory costs can be attributed to the final months of the Obama administration’s rulemaking activity. But this is not a partisan issue. Ad-ministrations of both parties have issued midnight rules in the past. The Judiciary Committee has been search-ing for that solution for some time, and I applaud our colleague, Mr. I SSA, for introducing the Midnight Rules Re-lief Act to respond to the need. This bill offers, at last, a simple and power-ful means to stop the problem of abu-sive midnight rules—allowing Congress to disapprove of any and all midnight regulations in one fell swoop by one en bloc disapproval resolution under the Congressional Review Act. Any outgoing administration, under-standing that it has this sword of Dam-ocles hanging over its head for the next Congress’ use, will surely hesitate much more before abusing midnight rules. Further, once enabled to dispose of all improper midnight rules with one simple resolution, Congress and suc-ceeding administrations would be free to focus more of their energies on the voters’ new priorities rather than the mess left by midnight rules. The relief offered by the bill, more-over, is highly flexible. No set number of regulations would have to be covered by a resolution. No categories of regu-lation would have to be included in or excluded from a resolution. On the con-trary, any midnight rule disapproval resolution could be sweeping or nar-row, depending on how many rules merited inclusion. Finally, the Midnight Rules Relief Act offers a solution that is not intru-sive upon legitimate executive branch authority. An outgoing administration remains free to conduct necessary rule-making activity up to the stroke of midnight on Inauguration Day. It then falls to Congress to respond swiftly and surgically to the results, to accept the good and excise the bad. This is truly a better way to govern. That is why the reform embodied in this bill is featured in Speaker R
YAN’s Better Way agenda. I thank Mr. I
SSAfor his work on this important legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act. This sweeping measure would empower Congress to undo vir-tually every regulation submitted to Congress since May through to the end of this year. I repeat: this measure would empower Congress to undo vir-tually every regulation submitted to Congress since May through to the end of this year. The bill accomplishes this end by authorizing Congress to dis-approve these rules through a single joint resolution, thereby depriving Members to consider the merits of each individual regulation. H.R. 5982 presents numerous con-cerns. To begin with, this bill would provide special interests with yet an-other opportunity to block critical, lifesaving regulations. Prior to submitting results to Con-gress, agencies typically take several years to ensure that rules are carefully vetted. As administrative law expert Washington University School of Law Professor Ron Levin has previously testified, much of modern rulemaking involves a ‘‘very detailed analysis of legal, factual, and policy issues, many of them highly technical. This work is better suited to the subject matter spe-cialists in the respective agencies.’’ Faced with this complexity, H.R. 5982 would result in Congress predictably relying on industry input when pre-sented with an up-or-down vote on a long list of complicated and often high-ly technical rules. David Goldston of the Natural Resources Defense Council has previously cautioned that similar measures would result in special inter-ests descending on the Congress with even greater fervor than is currently the case. I am also concerned that H.R. 5982 is based on the fundamentally flawed premise that rules finalized during the final year of a President’s term are somehow rushed or improperly vetted. In fact, the nonpartisan Administra-tive Conference of the United States found in 2012 that ‘‘a dispassionate look at midnight rules issued by past administrations of both political par-ties reveals that most were under ac-tive consideration long before the No-vember election.’’ The conference also reported that many of these rules involved purely routine matters initiated before the Presidential transition period or as the result of deadlines outside the agency’s control, such as year-end statutory or court-ordered guidelines. Indeed, the so-called midnight rules may actually take longer to adopt than other rules. For example, Public Cit-izen reports that rules adopted during a Presidential transition period were typically proposed 3.6 years prior to their adoption, while other rules adopt-ed in non-transition periods took only 2.8 years to complete. The Center for Progressive Reform has likewise observed that concerns surrounding midnight rulemaking are overstated, stating that ‘‘there simply is no reason to believe that a rule re-leased at the end of an administration is worse than those that are released at any other point.’’ Perhaps this is be-cause Congress already has the tools to vacate an unreasonable rule under cur-rent law known as the Congressional Review Act. Lastly, as with the many other antiregulatory bills we have considered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.003 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6276 November 17, 2016 
in this Congress, this legislation com-pletely ignores the benefits of regula-tion and is premised on the unsubstan-tiated belief that regulations under-mine employment or economic growth. This is why H.R. 5982 is opposed by a broad coalition of organizations, in-cluding the AFL–CIO, the Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union, and the Natural Resources De-fense Council. As the administration correctly ob-serves in connection with its veto threat to this bill—and there is one— H.R. 5982 would create tremendous reg-ulatory uncertainty, potentially im-pose additional costs on businesses, and represent a step backwards for ap-plying sound regulatory principles to protect public health, safety, the envi-ronment, and other critical aspects of society. Accordingly, I oppose—and hope that you will too—this legisla-tion. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, the Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2016 is yet another unfounded and reck-less attempt to prevent the implemen-tation of critical laws by the Repub-lican majority. H.R. 5982 would amend the Congres-sional Review Act to enable Congress to bundle numerous rules finalized dur-ing the final year of a President’s term into a single vote on a joint resolution of disapproval. Alarmingly, once these rules have been invalidated through this process, the agency may not adopt a subsequent similar rule absent ex-press authorization by Congress. According to my Republican col-leagues, the Obama administration’s regulatory agenda has eroded job growth and economic prosperity—far from it, however. Under President Obama’s leadership, we have seen the longest consecutive streak of private job creation, the fastest growth of mid-dle class income ever, and more high- quality and affordable health care for working Americans. Recently, the Census Bureau released new data indicating that in 2015 the median household income grew at the fastest rate on record, while the pov-erty rate fell at a faster rate than at any point since 1968. New data from the American Community Survey indicates that the number of uninsured Ameri-cans is declining in nearly every State. These metrics reflect a strong record of progress as Federal agencies imple-ment laws like the Dodd-Frank Act and the Affordable Care Act. If anything, Mr. Chairman, we need new rules and better enforcement of ex-isting law to ensure corporate account-ability. In fact, it has only been months since the shocking revelations of Wells Fargo’s years of illegal bank-ing practices have come to light. This sweeping display of corporate decep-tion and hubris smacks of the very cul-ture and lack of internal controls that gave rise to the mortgage crisis, col-lapsing the economy and employment. Indeed, as U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew has cautioned, this scandal ought to be a moment where people stop and note, remember how dan-gerous the system is when you don’t have the proper protections in place. While the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau has issued its largest civil penalty ever—$100 million—in re-sponse to this scandal, this was a drop in the bucket compared to the bank’s $20 billion in profits last year or its chief executive’s $200 million stock compensation deal. What is more, not only did the bank deceive its own cus-tomers, Wells Fargo buried the scandal through forced arbitration clauses that shielded itself from liability and public accountability. This is simply unacceptable and drives home the point that there is still much work to be done to ensure fairness and accountability in the fi-nancial system, regardless of how many days may be left in the Presi-dent’s term. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. b0930 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE has done an excellent job there, and we appreciate the work on this bill and many other things as well. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act, introduced by my friend and colleague from California (Mr. I
SSA). Over the last 8 years, the Obama ad-ministration has gone, let’s face it, on a regulatory rampage. Each year, the administration’s major rules have cost over $100 billion—$100 billion. A dis-proportionate share of those enormous costs have fallen on America’s 28 mil-lion small businesses. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I have heard first-hand from the owners and employees of these small businesses in our hearing room, and also back home in my dis-trict in Cincinnati, Ohio, how these new regulations have harmed them per-sonally. And I want to emphasize that it doesn’t just hurt the owner of the small business, but all those folks who work for him. Sometimes that is two people, three people, five people, ten people. It affects them and their fami-lies, and generally it is very adversely. I think it is critical we realize that about 70 percent of the new jobs cre-ated in the American economy now-adays are created by these small busi-nesses that, basically, have had these regulations that this administration has imposed on them. It is like a wet blanket over them and over this econ-omy. So this particular legislation is absolutely critical. It is critical that we pass it. The last thing that these small busi-nesses need right now is a flood of new regulations from the President’s army of bureaucrats as they beat a hasty re-treat out of Washington. Outgoing Presidents oftentimes push through new regulations in the final days of their administrations to lock in as much of their agenda as possible. Let’s face it, on election day, that agenda was, for the most part, rejected. And to allow an administration to im-pose even more bureaucracy and more regulations on the small business com-munity and on the American people is just something that we should not allow to happen. That is why this legis-lation has been introduced. These so-called midnight rules are thrown together hastily with little analysis or regard for the costs and burdens that they will impose on America’s entrepreneurs. Sadly, the administration has given every indica-tion that they will be ramping up, not slowing down, the red tape dispenser over the next 9 weeks. This common-sense, bipartisan legislation will give Congress, the elected representatives of the American people after all, the power to stop all midnight rules with one vote. Next weekend, we will celebrate Small Business Saturday, an oppor-tunity to celebrate small businesses, and recognize that they are a key to making our economy succeed. Mid-night regulations are an imminent threat to their success. So let’s not spoil Small Business Saturday by hav-ing a whole bunch of new regulations, new red tape, new things that they have to deal with other than actually doing things which will make their business successful so that they can ac-tually make a profit and hire more peo-ple. Let’s not allow the bureaucrats here in Washington to spoil that. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill and send a clear message to our small businesses all across America that we have their back and regulatory relief is on the way. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5982, the so-called Midnight Rules Relief Act, which amends the Congres-sional Review Act. This bill would allow Congress to consider a joint reso-lution to simultaneously disapprove multiple regulations en bloc, all at once, when such rules are issued within the last 60 legislative days of a session of Congress in the final year of a Presi-dent’s term. Now, that is legislative days. In this case, 60 legislative days 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.005 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6277 November 17, 2016 
would reach back until May of this year, almost 8 months before the end of the President’s term. To call the rules issued last spring a midnight rule is a curious use of the word. This bill puts in place an indiscrimi-nate process to eliminate rules, many of which have been under consideration for years, even decades, to protect con-sumers, working people, and students. This bill denies Congress the oppor-tunity for a careful case-by-case review that the congressional review process now provides, and that process would be appropriate for reasoned decision-making by a legislative body. This bill would jettison rules without even considering the costs and benefits of whether the rule followed the least burdensome approach to achieve a goal under the law. Once a rule is rejected, the rule can never be taken up again in substantially similar form. So after a thoughtful review, we might decide that the unpleasant regulation was ac-tually the better way to address a problem than any alternative, but by then it is too late. Mr. Chairman, under the Congres-sional Review Act, the Senate could pass its en bloc resolution of dis-approval without even holding a hear-ing, and send it to the House for a vote on the floor without any form of con-sideration by the committee of juris-diction. So we would end up just voting on a slogan or a sound bite without any opportunity for deliberative consider-ation. That is not a responsible way to legislate. There has always been criticism of a tendency of a significant number of rules and regulations to be issued fol-lowing a Presidential election before the President leaves office, regardless of the party in control. However, the nonpartisan congressionally mandated Administrative Conference of the United States found that ‘‘a dis-passionate look at midnight rules issued by past administrations of both political parties reveals that most were under active consideration long before the November election.’’ They go on to say that many of the rules involved routine matters or were required by law. For example, a final OSHA rule to prevent injuries caused by inadequate fall protection has been under development for over 26 years. The Administrative Conference called for Congress to put in place a 60- day waiting period for rules that are issued after a Presidential election so that the new incoming administration can review the rules. Now, that legisla-tion is what we really ought to be con-sidering, not the bill before us today. I think it is important to look at some of the rules that could be im-pacted under this bill: The Department of Labor issued a rule requiring Federal contractors to provide up to 7 days of paid sick leave annually for people working on Federal contracts. A forthcoming OSHA regulation, which has been under development for over 18 years, would protect workers from overexposure of beryllium. That is a substance that causes incurable lung disease often resulting in death by suffocation. That rule has been under consideration for 18 years and we are finally getting to the actual rule. The rule to implement the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order, which ensures that taxpayer dollars support those Federal contractors who comply with labor, civil rights, and workplace safety laws, not those who routinely and seriously violate such laws. The EEOC’s pay data rule, which helps eliminate pay disparities due to race, ethnicity, and gender. The Department of Education’s bor-rower’s defense rule, which helps pro-tect student borrowers who were de-frauded by their universities. The Department of Education’s forthcoming K–12 accountability rule, which provides clarity and ensures faithful implementation of the bipar-tisan Every Student Succeeds Act in order to graduate all students ready for success in college and career. The Department of Education’s forthcoming supplement not supplant rule, which ensures that Federal dol-lars actually supplement State and local education funds that target at- risk youth. And, finally, another Health and Human Services’ Head Start rule, which improves quality and access for our Nation’s most vulnerable early learners. Each of these rules involves complex issues that cannot be discussed or prop-erly addressed through the en bloc process where you have a bunch of reg-ulations all in one bill. Now, if a rule needs to be challenged, the present law provides for a deliberative process to challenge the rule. Regrettably, H.R. 5982 is poised to allow the wholesale undermining of critical protections for students, workers, taxpayers, and con-sumers. I, therefore, urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the bill. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a Statement of Administration Policy in opposition to the rule. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
HR. 5982 MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016 — 
REP. ISSA, R–CA, AND EIGHT COSPONSORS  The Administration is committed to ensur-ing that regulations are smart and effective, that they are tailored to advance statutory goals in the most cost-effective and efficient manner, and that they minimize uncer-tainty. When a Federal agency promulgates a regulation, the agency must adhere to the robust and well-understood procedural re-quirements of Federal law, including the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act, the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act, the Paperwork Reduction Act, and the Congressional Review Act, in a manner that ensures that the rulemaking process is transparent and considers the input of stake-holders. In addition, for decades, agency rulemaking has been governed by Executive Orders issued and followed by administra-tions of both political parties. These require regulatory agencies to promulgate regula-tions, consistent with their statutes, upon a reasoned determination that the benefits justify the costs, to consider regulatory al-ternatives, and to promote regulatory flexi-bility. The Administration continues to be guided by the same rigorous practices and principles used to develop and review regulations that have been upheld throughout the entirety of this Administration and previous Adminis-trations. On December 17, 2015, the Adminis-trator of the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs reiterated that the Adminis-tration would maintain its normal review standards, and instructed agencies to plan and prioritize its regulations in order to en-sure an orderly review process during the final year of the Administration. For these reasons, H.R. 5982 is intended to solve a prob-lem that does not exist. Lastly, the Congressional Review Act (CRA) already allows for the Congress to dis-approve of rules on a case-by-case basis. Thus, providing for an arbitrary packaging of rules for an up-or-down vote, as this bill does, is unnecessary. In addition, the bill would expand the scope of rules subject to the CRA such that by the time a vote on a resolution occurs, some of the rules may have been in effect for over a year. By doing so, H.R. 5982 would create tremendous regu-latory uncertainty, potentially impose addi-tional costs on businesses, and represent a step backwards for applying sound regu-latory principles to protect public health, safety, the environment, and other critical aspects of society. If the President were presented with H.R. 5982 his senior advisors would recommend he veto the bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Presidents from both parties have made a habit of midnight rules. And al-though here today we hear about 18 years of a deliberative process on be-ryllium, 18 years of consideration and it has to be passed in the last few days of a departing administration? What was the administration doing for 8 years? How deliberative can one be? The fact is these are not accidents. Midnight rules are, in fact, delib-erately held to the end of an adminis-tration. That is the reason they are called midnight rules. Now, having said that, the bill today, H.R. 5982, is not, in fact, about mid-night rules. We already have legisla-tion to take care of that. What we don’t have is an effective way to do it when we are dealing with, perhaps, 100, 120, 150, and, if not checked, perhaps more, in times to come, midnight rules from an outgoing administration. We are talking today about the bal-ance of power, about whether Congress should be efficient and effective in its ability to consider legislation. In this case, legislation done by the other branch, a branch not constitutionally allowed to do legislation. Let’s remem-ber, regulations are, in fact, a loan to the executive branch to clarify legisla-tion done by this body. If we believe that they do not fairly and appropriately interpret our legisla-tion in their rulemaking, if we believe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.006 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6278 November 17, 2016 
they exceeded the authority or the meaning of the legislation, whether passed just a few days ago, a few years ago, or, in fact, a century ago, we have an obligation to bring up, consider, and respond. In fact, rulemaking, as we know it, is, in fact, something that if the gentleman, my colleague on the other side of the aisle, wanted to, he could bring up the regulation as a law and consider it in this body at any time. I believe it is pretty clear that the objection in this case is an anticipated objection to the efficiency of being able to deal with one or two regulations at the end of a Presidency. We have an ob-ligation to deal with all of them in a fair way. Now, one thing that was missed in this is nothing in this legislation re-quires that we take them all up at the same time. In the next Congress, it cer-tainly would be appropriate for Mem-bers who wanted to have longer debate to ask for longer debate on the overall vote, or, in fact, to break it into pieces and ask for that. That is true in this body and it is true in the other body. As a matter of fact, the other body hasn’t even created rules yet and cer-tainly could create rules that would de-fine further debate on midnight rules. So I think today what we are really talking about is: Will Congress live up to its responsibility to the American people to, in fact, be the bastion of law creation, whether laws are created by this body directly or in the review of regulations created by an administra-tion on behalf of this body? Ultimately, we own responsibility for laws and reg-ulations, whether they work or don’t work. Lastly, this body has not done nearly enough to review regulations and their effect. During my tenure on another committee, over and over again I saw regulations by both administrations I have served under to create regulations that they said would cost little or nothing. By the time they come to pass, we discover they almost inevi-tably have a greater impact to our economy, adverse impact in many cases, than forecasted. That review is another area that we should do. But for today, this simple piece of legislation is only asking that Con-gress live up to its responsibility and do so in a way that would not tie up weeks or months of either body simply to decide that a regulation needs to be sent back for further review and, per-haps, reissued in a fashion more con-sistent with the laws created by this body and signed by previous Presi-dents. b0945 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I have no other requests for speakers, and I am prepared to close if the gentleman is likewise. Mr. GOODLATTE. Yes, I am prepared to close as well. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I have closing remarks that I would like to present at this time, and I yield myself the balance of my time. With just a few weeks remaining in this Congress, it is a disservice to the American people that we are now wast-ing our limited time and resources on this legislation. As many of my col-leagues will recall, less than 4 months ago, the House passed comprehensive anti-regulatory legislation that im-poses a moratorium on so-called mid-night rulemaking. So, clearly, the House has already acted to address the nonexistent problem of midnight rule-making. In closing, I urge my colleagues to seriously join me in opposing H.R. 5982, a bill that is utterly unnecessary, anointed, and ill conceived. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. On election day, the American people delivered a resounding message to Washington: do not continue the Obama administration’s policies; stop the regulatory Big Government on-slaught that has been killing our jobs, strangling recovery, and suffocating our futures. Passage of this bill is the way to say immediately: We have heard you loud and clear. The American people have said ‘‘no’’ to the continuance of the Obama administration’s policies. This bill guarantees that Congress can pre-vent any and all last-minute defiance of the people’s will by midnight regula-tions that stubbornly seek to entrench the last pieces of the administration’s partisan agenda. Those regulations come from a host of agencies. They include everything from overtime rules to greenhouse gas emission standards for heavy-duty en-gines and vehicles and scores of other regulations in between, and they threaten to impose on our economy over $100 billion in new annual costs. It is not Obama administration bu-reaucrats who should tell the people what they must do in these areas, rush-ing costly political preferences out the door before the stroke of midnight. It is the incoming administration, work-ing with Congress, that should deter-mine the rules to govern the future and the regulatory rollbacks that will let freedom ring and Americans prosper. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 5982, the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which allows Congress to disapprove en bloc regulations from the Administrations sub-mitted for review within 60 days of the end of a presidential term. Under current law, Congress can only use its authority under the Congressional Review Act to disapprove one regulation at a time. Presidential Administrations of both parties have issued bulk regulations as their term comes to an end. These midnight regulations are usually rushed and not properly vetted by federal agencies, often imposing high costs on taxpayers, threatening small businesses with new burdens, and frustrating American voters. Currently, Congress lacks the ability to check this type of regulatory overreach. H.R. 5982 ensures that rules are not rushed in order to achieve an outgoing partisan agenda without having the people’s representatives carefully review them. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
OLD). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5982 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. EN BLOC CONSIDERATION OF RESOLU-TIONS OF DISAPPROVAL PER-TAINING TO ‘‘MIDNIGHT RULES’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) In applying section 802 to rules de-scribed under paragraph (1), a joint resolu-tion of disapproval may contain one or more such rules if the report under subsection (a)(1)(A) for each such rule was submitted during the final year of a President’s term.’’. (b) T
EXT OF RESOLVING CLAUSE .—Section 802(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘resolving clause of which is’’ the following: ‘‘(except as other-wise provided in this subsection)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of a joint resolution under section 801(d)(4), the matter after the resolving clause of such resolution shall be as follows: ‘That Congress disapproves the following rules: the rule submitted by the ll relating to ll; and the rule submitted by the ll re- lating to ll. Such rules shall have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appro-priately filled in and additional clauses de-scribing additional rules to be included as necessary)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–818. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–818. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘In ap-plying’’. Page 3, line 14, insert after ‘‘one or more such rules’’ the following: ‘‘(other than an excepted rule)’’. Page 3, line 16, insert after ‘‘President’s term.’’ the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.008 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6279 November 17, 2016 
(B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘excepted rule’’ means a rule that is necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would exempt from H.R. 5982 the rules issued in response to an imminent threat to health, safety, or other emergencies. My amendment addresses one of the most problematic aspects of H.R. 5982 which would permit Congress to invali-date rules en bloc without proper con-sideration of any individual rule’s ben-efits and no matter how important or time-sensitive such rule may be. Agencies often promulgate emer-gency rules in response to immediate threats to public health and safety. As the Congressional Review Act itself recognizes, such critical rules can go into effect immediately if the Presi-dent so directs by executive order. H.R. 5982 would, however, empower a subsequent Congress and administra-tion to override such determination and disapprove these rules. As a result of such disapproval, these regulations would be null and void, as if they had never taken effect. It is no secret that industry and spe-cial interests have strenuously opposed many life-saving requirements that the Federal Government has imposed over the years, such as air quality stand-ards, the mandatory installation of automobile airbags, and emergency exit lighting for passenger airplanes. Nevertheless, H.R. 5982 provides an open invitation for industry to have yet another bite of the apple by seek-ing to undo regulations in a new Con-gress and administration. For example, let us consider the Flint water crisis in my State, which was a preventable public health dis-aster. While much blame for the Flint water crisis lies with unelected offi-cials who prioritized saving money over saving lives, the presence of lead in drinking water is not unique to Flint. In fact, the drinking water of po-tentially millions of Americans may be contaminated by lead. It is a con-tinuing problem. Long before this crisis surfaced, the Environmental Protection Agency had been in the process of updating its Lead and Copper Rule, which was origi-nally promulgated in 1991 after years of analysis. In fact, that agency is still in the process of finalizing this regula-tion. Yet, had this rule been submitted to Congress last month and gone into ef-fect immediately pursuant to executive order, H.R. 5982 could be used by the in-coming Congress and administration to invalidate this critical regulation. So, accordingly, I strongly urge my colleagues to support my commonsense amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, the Midnight Rules Relief Act leaves to each Congress, making use of its max-imum flexibility, to fashion a midnight rule disapproval resolution. No one cat-egory of regulation is in; no one cat-egory of regulation is out. The question, instead, is: Which are the midnight rules, from whatever cat-egory, that fly in the face of the voters’ mandate or are otherwise abusive or infirm? No carve-outs of any kind are needed, including for health, safety, and other emergency rules, because nothing is categorically carved in. Indeed, by carving out emergency rules, the amendment would only im-pede the ability of Congress to both re-spond swiftly and efficiently to abusive midnight rules and clear the path for the incoming administration to issue appropriate new rules to meet emer-gencies. I urge all of my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I have no other requests, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–818. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘In ap-plying’’. Page 3, line 14, insert after ‘‘one or more such rules’’ the following: ‘‘(other than an excepted rule)’’. Page 3, line 16, insert after ‘‘President’s term.’’ the following: (B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘excepted rule’’ means a rule that was proposed by a Federal agency more than three years prior to the agency submitting the rule to Congress. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment is simple. It would exempt rules issued by an agen-cy more than 3 years prior to their sub-mission to Congress. This amendment is designed to con-front the fundamentally flawed premise of H.R. 5982, namely, that rules submitted to Congress during the final 60 legislative days of a session are somehow less valid than rules sub-mitted prior to that period. To set the record straight, this bill does not apply to rules submitted dur-ing the lameduck period following an election. Notwithstanding the bill’s colorful title, H.R. 5982 applies to every rule submitted to Congress within the final 60 legislative days of a session. As the nonpartisan Congressional Re-search Service has clarified, this would include rules submitted as early as May 2016. Eight months should be ade-quate time for Congress to consider the merits of economically significant rules, which often take years to final-ize. Indeed, according to the nonpartisan, congressionally established Adminis-trative Conference of the United States, the ACUS, many of these rules adopted between an election and the inauguration of a new President in-volve ‘‘relatively routine matters not implicating new policy initiatives by incumbent administrations.’’ Public Citizen similarly found in a report issued earlier this year that rules adopted during the final months of an administration take 3.6 years on average to finalize. And that is just rules that are submitted to Congress during the final 3 months of a Presi-dent’s term. Again, this bill applies to rules adopted during much of the final year of the President’s term, dramatically undercutting the bill’s stated purpose. So, despite the majority’s claims that the bill applies to midnight rules, this legislation would allow Congress to bundle numerous rules finalized during the final year of a President’s term into a single vote on a joint resolution of disapproval. In other words, Mr. Chairman, this bill is a solution to a nonexistent and undocumented prob-lem. Alarmingly, once these rules have been invalidated through this process, the agency may not adopt a subsequent similar rule absent express authoriza-tion by Congress. I am also struck by the irony of the majority’s stated concerns with a lack of transparency and public scrutiny in the policymaking process. This bill has not been subject to a single hearing. In fact, it was introduced less than a week prior to its markup in committee. This legislation is symptomatic of a Republican majority more interested in focusing on coming up with the next great bill title or acronym than actu-ally solving issues or helping the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.004 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6280 November 17, 2016 
b1000 Perhaps the majority should follow its own advice and proceed with reg-ular order on new and controversial legislation. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, which is critical to ensur-ing that the rules that have already taken years to finalize to improve lives and protect people actually see the light of day. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This amendment encourages two of the worst features of Washington bu-reaucracy. First, it gives heel-drag-ging, inefficient agencies a powerful in-centive to take even longer to finalize rules proposed long ago to the public. This will only extend the regulatory uncertainty that hovers over job cre-ators whenever new rules are proposed. Regulatory uncertainty freezes invest-ment and job creation, and that is ex-actly what we do not need Washington to do. Second, the amendment gives agen-cies the incentive to cram even more rules into the abusive midnight rule period. We should be discouraging the use of midnight rules not encouraging it. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I would submit that we, on this side, are always interested in making the rulemaking process more efficient, and this is an important bipartisan con-cern. The trouble is when you get bills that are half-baked and they are sprung on the minority and not even subjected to a full committee and the regular order that we would proceed through with legislation as important as this—it is sprung on us, and it ends up on the House floor as half-baked as it was when it was introduced—this is no way to go about reform. I would just ask that this amend-ment be accepted. There is no doubt that this legislation is not going to go anywhere during this session of Con-gress, in terms of being signed into law. My pledge is that we would work to-gether in the future to draft legislation that improves the rulemaking process, and not shut it down or gum it up. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA). Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I was rath-er surprised at my colleague from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Since I am the author of the bill, I would say that for the 16 years I have been in Congress, I have been delib-erating this piece of legislation, so it certainly is not new. In much more seriousness, to call this not regular order is simply inac-curate. This has been discussed in mul-tiple hearings, and it went through reg-ular order with a full committee mark-up. So I would hope that the gentleman would reevaluate his words and recog-nize that half-baked would be inappro-priate. This was fully vetted, and he had time for all the amendments we are hearing today at the time it was in committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–818. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘In ap-plying’’. Page 3, line 14, insert after ‘‘one or more such rules’’ the following: ‘‘(other than an excepted rule)’’. Page 3, line 16, insert after ‘‘President’s term.’’ the following: (B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘excepted rule’’ means a rule that per-tains to critical matters of national secu-rity. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me take a moment to acknowledge my ranking member and my chairman for I believe that this past session has generated an enormous amount of bi-partisanship and cooperation. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his leader-ship. I also thank Ranking Member C
ONYERS for the important leadership he has given to issues that we have warned about for a long time, and that is criminal justice reform. I say that in the backdrop of being enormously concerned about H.R. 5982, which is redundant since we have al-ready passed midnight regulation legis-lation. The House did that earlier this year to establish a moratorium on mid-night rules, rather than addressing critical issues, such as creating new op-portunities for job growth and advance-ment, or fixing our Nation’s broken im-migration system, providing relief from crushing student loan debt, and, yes, moving forward on criminal jus-tice reform. We have legislation that now seems directed at President Obama before the election of last week and now, again, continuing to wish to do something that impacts, I think, personally and directly on the President of the United States, who happens to be President Barack Obama. Because otherwise there is no real basis for this legisla-tion. I have amendment No. 3 that speaks to it and clearly specifically states why this is a problem. It provides a limited exception from the provisions of H.R. 5982 of any administrative regulation or rule promulgated to prevent or re-spond to matters of critical national security. Mr. Chairman, if enacted in its cur-rent form, this bill will severely ham-per our Nation’s capacity to respond to public health emergencies or to address many other critical public policy mat-ters related to public safety or national security. The American people should know this is an en bloc destruction of regula-tions that may save lives. It is to say: in your eye, Mr. President—and yes, whoever it may be—because it feigns itself to be bipartisan because it says ‘‘a President.’’ Well, obviously we know what President we are talking about right now. Probably next year, this will be completely eliminated. First of all, if it goes through now, it should be vetoed; and I am sure any other President would veto it. They have to have the opportunity and the responsibility, as their constitutional duties, to stand in the gap for the American people. This would severely hamper our Nation’s capacity to re-spond to public health emergencies or to address many other critical public policy matters. It would amend the congressional re-view to allow joint resolutions dis-approving en bloc resolutions sub-mitted to Congress for CRA review within 60 days of the end of the Presi-dential term. I don’t attribute to any President any malice just because their term is about to end. I hold up for you the west Texas fer-tilizer plant blast that killed 15. The blast was preventable, the safety board says. And our President, rightly so, in mourning the loss of these individ-uals—the bomb explosion, if you will, was around schools. Thank God it was at night and these children were not nearby because the schools were lev-eled—so the President issued executive orders dealing with this issue. I ask my colleagues to vote down this particular underlying bill and support my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in op-position to the amendment. It carves out rules pertaining to critical matters of national security. As we know, with President Obama, President-elect Trump, and any other President, they have huge powers of executive author-ity when it comes to national security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.015 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6281 November 17, 2016 
So to exclude something under the guise that it would be national secu-rity would inherently undermine the intent of the rule. I always find it interesting that peo-ple internalize and personalize some-thing. In this case, there is nothing better that this President could do for the American people—and perhaps for regulations that he would oppose in the future—than to sign this legislation. The fact is President Obama likely ob-jects to many of the regulations that would come out of the new Trump ad-ministration. There is no better time than now to reassert or allow to be reasserted the power of a Congress, a Congress that might very well reject President-elect Trump’s legislation or regulations in the future. So the reality is, although the gen-tlewoman from Texas would have you believe that this was a personal attack on our President, it is not an attack on our President. It is not an attack on our next President. It is, in fact, a law that would allow Congress to reassert, in an efficient way, the authority which is constitu-tionally, inherently, and always ours. For decades, perhaps two centuries plus, we have yielded the power, the right, and the responsibility of this body in appropriations, in regulations, and even in spending of a number of areas in taxation to the executive branch. We can yield to the executive branch, but we cannot run away from our responsibility. A regulation—ten regulations, a hundred regulations, or a thousand regulations that are dis-approved by the American people and, from them through us, needs to be dealt with in an efficient fashion. So do I disagree with this? Yes. Sadly, I disagree with the gentlewoman from Texas’ characterization of the na-ture of this legislation. This legislation does not expire a few weeks or months from now, and it is intended to go on. Lastly, to say we have already passed legislation in this Congress would imply that it was run through the Sen-ate and signed by the President and, as a result, the reform is in place. No such thing is the case. I would offer the gentlewoman from Texas in the next Congress to work with her on such legislation as would be signed by the next President. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time remains, please. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 1 minute remaining, and the gentleman from California has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me indicate that the gentleman from California is a good friend. We have served on the Judiciary Com-mittee for a period of time. I could not disagree with him more. Yes, a very poison pill bill passed out of the House, and it did not go any further, which I hope this one will not go any further as well. This bill is dangerous. It is a sweep-ing measure that would jeopardize the ability of the Federal Government to protect our Nation in times of urgent and imminent danger. Post-9/11, in the world we now live in, the role of the government in protecting its people has never been more important. Specifically, my amendment ensures that the Federal Government is not further prohibited from responding to emergencies, such as the 2013 west Texas chemical explosion that killed 15 people and created a fireball that lev-eled nearly the entire town. This legislation wants to en bloc— not separate, analyze, or work with the administration—en bloc. Mr. Chair, what that means is to take the whole ball of wax—take the bag and wipe out regulations that may be helping to save lives and protect the American people. I have to disagree with, again, the gentleman from California. On Home-land Security, we deal with this all the time. On the Judiciary Committee, we deal with this all the time. I have to stand in the gap. We have to stand in the gap for the security of the Amer-ican people. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to protect the national security of this Nation. Thank you for this opportunity to briefly ex-plain the Jackson Lee Amendment. Specifically, the Jackson Lee Amendment provides a limited exception from the provi-sions of H.R. 5982, the ‘‘Midnight Rules Relief Act,’’ of any administrative regulation or rule promulgated to prevent or respond to matters of critical national security. Mr. Chairman, if enacted in its current form, H.R. 5982, would severely hamper our na-tion’s capacity to respond to public health emergencies or to address many other critical public policy matters relating to public safety or national security. H.R. 5982 would amend the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to allow joint resolutions disapproving en bloc regulations submitted to Congress for CRA review within 60 days of the end of the presidential term. In particular, H.R. 5982 purports to address concerns associated with new regulations and rules that are issued as the clock of an out-going presidential administration runs out— otherwise known as ‘‘midnight rules.’’ This is a sweeping and dangerous measure that would jeopardize the ability of the federal government to protect our nation in times of urgent and imminent need. In the post-September 11th world we now live in, the role of the government in protecting its people has never been more important.’’ It is important that the Administration at all times retains the authority to act in times of imminent need to protect citizens from national security emergencies. The Jackson Lee Amendment does just that. Specifically, my amendment ensures that the federal government is not further prohib-ited from responding to emergencies, such as the 2013 West, Texas chemical explosion that killed 15 people and created a fireball that lev-eled nearly the entire town. In response to this mass explosion, the President issued an Executive Order to nec-essary to improve the safety and security at chemical facility in West, Texas and across the nation. Recognizing the importance of responding to public health and safety emergencies, the Congressional Review Act specifically permits agencies to issue rules where the agency has good cause, such as responding to an emer-gency. However, as the Government Accountability Office (GAO) has clarified, this exception is only available where an agency has not al-ready undertaken regulatory action. An exception substantively similar to the Jackson Lee Amendment appears in H.R. 4361, another bill that would establish a mora-torium on ‘‘midnight rules’’ that has already passed the House this Congress. We should include a similar exemption here to ensure that agencies retain the ability to ef-fectively respond to urgent and pressing na-tional security measures. Now is not the time to undermine or slow the ability of our regulatory agencies ability to address growing threats and active cases of public health crises. The Jackson Lee Amendment would ensure that any rule promulgated to prevent or re-spond to matters of national security would not be obstructed. Accordingly, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment. 
[From CNN, Tue., April 22, 2014] W
EST, TEXAS , FERTILIZER PLANT BLAST THAT K
ILLED 15 ‘‘P REVENTABLE ,’’ S AFETY BOARD  S
AYS (By Eliott C. McLaughlin) The 2013 fertilizer plant blast that killed 15 people and wounded another 226 in West, Texas, ‘‘should never have occurred,’’ the chairman of the U.S. Chemical Safety Board said Tuesday. Though the board’s report says that at least 14 people were killed, the death toll was updated to 15 people in the days after the blast. The board’s investigation was released a few days after the first anniversary of the explosion, 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I have served in this body for almost ex-actly 16 years; and I have observed the extremely rare times that a resolution of disapproval comes to this body. So I think if we can set a tone for the re-mainder of the debate, the tone should be set in recognition that these resolu-tions are rare. And they never—I re-peat, never in my 16 years—and the gentlewoman and I have served a simi-lar time—never have I seen one that is as well-founded as dealing with the safety of potentially explosives. Those kinds of regulations are routinely run through fairly quickly with congres-sional oversight and encouragement. So I think we have to set the tone and ask how many times—Ranking Member C
ONYERS has served longer than anyone in this room—how many times have we brought these up. The fact is, even under this en bloc, it will be a small portion of those regulations created in the last days of an outgoing administration. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Will the gen-tleman yield? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.017 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6282 November 17, 2016 
Mr. ISSA. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, my emotion, of course, deals with, as I think you know, many of the tragedies we have faced in the Nation. Here is my point: Your interpreta-tion, I need to analyze all of that, and I have not to date. But I would say to you, there is always a first time. There is always the possibility. What we are trying to do is to make an exception if that happens to occur, and it might not. But we give that privilege so that the people can be protected. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for yielding. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, and let us continue that tone. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. b1015 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–818. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘In ap-plying’’. 4 Page 3, line 14, insert after ‘‘one or more such rules’’ the following: ‘‘(other than an excepted rule)’’. Page 3, line 16, insert after ‘‘President’s term.’’ the following: (B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘excepted rule’’ means a rule that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines would have benefits that exceed its cost. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I would ask that my colleague consider his two amendments en bloc if he would. I would be happy to yield to make sure time is sufficient. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has been recognized for 5 minutes. The gentleman from Virginia is rec-ognized. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. CONNOLLY. I have no objection to the request of the gentleman from California. Is it, from a parliamentary point of view, a possibility? The Acting CHAIR. The Chair would entertain a unanimous consent request from the proponent. PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT NOS . 4 
AND 5 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY OF VIRGINIA  
EN BLOC  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the two amendments pending, 4 and 5, be amal-gamated into one for the purpose of de-bate on the floor instead of separate consideration. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia to consider amendment Nos. 4 and 5 en bloc? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MR . 
CONNOLLY OF VIRGINIA  
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I offer amendment Nos. 4 and 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–818. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments. The text of the amendments is as fol-lows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘In ap-plying’’. Page 3, line 14, insert after ‘‘one or more such rules’’ the following: ‘‘(other than an excepted rule)’’. Page 3, line 16, insert after ‘‘President’s term.’’ the following: (B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘excepted rule’’ means a rule that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines would have benefits that exceed its cost. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
OF VIRGINIA  Page 3, line 12, insert ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘In ap-plying’’. Page 3, line 14, insert after ‘‘one or more such rules’’ the following: ‘‘(other than an excepted rule)’’. Page 3, line 16, insert after ‘‘President’s term.’’ the following: (B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘excepted rule’’ means a rule that ad-dresses the harmful effects of climate change. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 921, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, it seems this Congress will close out the 114th session much the same as it opened. Then we considered H.R. 185, a repeat of the anti-public health, anti- environment, anti-public safety legis-lation that was defeated in the 112th and 113th Congresses and which would come to characterize, unfortunately, this Congress. So I guess we shouldn’t be surprised that just before we ad-journ, the House majority will offer one last retread of this social Dar-winian philosophy. This latest iteration, the seductively titled Midnight Rules Relief Act, is nothing more than a retread, a back-door attempt to roll back important steps to protect our constituents and our communities. My amendment would, at the very least, ensure we con-tinue to take steps to mitigate the ef-fects of climate change. Climate change already poses a real and growing threat to our children, our families, our national security, and our economy. Denying it exists doesn’t make it so. I can tell you in my native State of Virginia, we are seeing the ef-fects of climate change in low-lying areas, including in and around our all- important naval base in Norfolk. I know there are some who believe that the Clean Power Plan and similar rules which seek to curb climate change will crush the economy, but I will point out we have to listen to rhet-oric all the time about job-killing reg-ulations in the environment. The fact of the matter is Clean Air Act amend-ments and related amendments to pro-tect our air and our water have, in fact, created jobs and, with respect to power rates, have, in fact, lowered power rates in large parts of the country, in-cluding my own in Virginia. Turning my attention, Mr. Chair-man, to the second amendment amal-gamated, this bill once again amends the Congressional Review Act to allow a joint resolution disapproving en bloc regulations. The title of the bill leads one to believe that the period of cov-erage spans the waning hours of a Pres-idency when, in fact, according to the nonpartisan CRS, 60 legislative days takes us back to May of 2016, before we even confirmed our final Presidential candidates. The Congressional Review Act al-ready permits Congress to disapprove of regulations. This bill is nothing more than a partisan attempt to pre-vent the implementation of critical laws by our Federal Government to delegitimize President Obama’s final months in office. I think it is unwise. I think it is imprudent. I think just like leaving a vacancy on the Supreme Court for an entire year on the dubious theory that a President in his last year of office ought to be somehow a lame-duck in every respect as if he had not legitimately been elected by the people of this country is certainly, I think, false logic, false constitutional logic, and dangerous to the functioning of a republic. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, on this en bloc pair of amendments, I have two very different reasons for objecting. In the case of the portion that is the Di-rector of Office of Management and Budget, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and I spent an amazing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.018 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6283 November 17, 2016 
amount of time over the years looking at times in which OMB makes an esti-mate and then the reality is dramati-cally different. So to carve out based on the Office of Management and Budget, which is a Cabinet-level, partisan appointment of the President, would have one believe that it is perfect. The reality is not only is it not perfect, but its track record tends to be very self-serving. Just the amount of times in which CBO scores very differently would cause all of us to know that this is not a good enough reason for a carve-out. Having said that, I look forward to working with the gentleman from Vir-ginia on both CBO and OMB scoring re-form in the next Congress because I think we have a long way to go to get numbers right. If we get numbers right on both regulations and proposed laws, we can all do a better job. In the case of the second portion of these two, I have to say that climate change has been unfairly made a polit-ical issue. The world is getting warmer; we know that. How much of it is caused by various things, we need to know, and I would hope that regulations would not be a source of that. But this President has, by many of his own statements, taken great credit for his use of a pen and a phone to make deci-sions related to his view of a single cause of climate change, that being carbon. The fact is I look forward to working with any President on sensible regula-tions, but those regulations have to be consistent with the laws passed and the regulatory options given to the other branch. It is for that reason that we have the ability to disapprove. So again, I would hope we all not look at specific regulations that may or may not be contested by the next Congress and, instead, look more ap-propriately at should we have the effi-ciency to consider maybe 20, maybe 10, maybe only 4 en bloc, all as one, or maybe in two separate. The reality is efficiency of the process of disapproval does not for a moment change the re-sponsibility and authority of this body. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time remains on my side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I take my friend from California’s point about data. Let’s look at OMB’s latest report to Congress on Federal regula-tion which found that the monetized benefits of Federal regulations over the past decade are significantly higher, by a 10 to 1 margin, than their cost. That is their report. It is an inconvenient fact, but there it is. I will finally end, Mr. Chairman, be-cause I want to be respectful of my friend’s intent here in trying to amal-gamate these two amendments. I am sorry, this is another bill in the long process of trying to delegitimize President Obama’s Presidency, and it, to me, is a shameful episode where some of my friends on the other side of the aisle—not necessarily Mr. I
SSA— have attempted to basically nullify his ability to function as President, and therefore he has had to rely on execu-tive powers in the absence of legisla-tive action and thwarting. I think the most egregious one be-sides this bill is, of course, leaving a vacancy open on the Supreme Court under the very dubious logic that somehow he is not entitled in the last year. That logic leads every single Member of Congress basically to not do anything in the second year here in the House because the same logic would pertain to them. They are lameducks until they are reelected or until the will of the people is heard in the next election cycle. That is, to me, foolish logic, dangerous logic, and I think it will put a cloud over the next Presi-dent’s tenure. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, may I in-quire as to how much time I have re-maining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. ISSA. I won’t use it all. I thank the chairman, and I thank my col-league from Virginia. Let me take a moment to reflect, perhaps, on some-thing that my colleague and friend said. During my tenure with Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , our committee sent 23 pieces of legislation to the President that he signed; we sent 74 to the other body. So if there is an enemy, perhaps it is the great bipartisan legislation that left the House and never got to the Presi-dent. The President signed all 23 pieces of legislation, though, that got through the Senate, including legislation that Mr. C
ONNOLLY and I worked on to-gether. Since my leaving that committee, additional legislation has come through that committee on a bipar-tisan basis, including a huge expansion of the Freedom of Information Act. I would hope that in these last days, we would reflect on the successes of this Congress and the successes of our out-going President because, in fact, for all that we all do in the performance of our oversight role, we also have had fine and notable successes and good legislation under this President; and I would like to take this moment to take note that, in fact, the President has signed the vast majority of legislation that left here on a bipartisan basis, in-cluding a piece of legislation that Mr. C
ONNOLLY was critical on. I yield to the gentleman if he has any further comment. Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend for yielding. I am struck by a humorous observa-tion when he talks about what hap-pened in the other body to a lot of leg-islation. I believe it may have been Sam Rayburn who said, as a Demo-cratic Speaker, the Republicans are in the opposition but the Senate is the enemy. Mr. Chairman, I, of course, meant no disrespect. I was simply quoting a former Speaker of this body. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CON-
NOLLY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. V
ALADAO ) having assumed the chair, Mr. D
OLD, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide for en bloc consideration in reso-lutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 10:50 a.m. today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 28 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1050 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa) at 10 o’clock and 50 minutes a.m. 
f 
MIDNIGHT RULES RELIEF ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 921 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5982. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) kindly resume the chair. b1050 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.022 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6284 November 17, 2016 
United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of dis-approval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
OLD(Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ments en bloc printed in part B of House Report 114–818 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 818 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. C
ONYERS of Michigan. Amendment No. 3 by Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EEof Texas. Amendments en bloc by Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY of Virginia. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ON-
YERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 233, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 581] AYES—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—21 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Costello (PA) Deutch Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Labrador Nugent Nunes Pelosi Poe (TX) Ribble Rush Westmoreland 
b1113 Messrs. ZINKE, HARRIS, HURD of Texas, HARPER, WEBSTER of Florida, Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. BLACKBURN, Messrs. BILIRAKIS, KATKO, and WALKER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. SCOTT of Virginia, KEN-NEDY, EVANS, and CROWLEY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 238, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 582] AYES—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.025 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6285 November 17, 2016 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—17 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Clay Costello (PA) Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Nugent Pelosi Poe (TX) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1120 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MR . 
CONNOLLY OF VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendments en bloc of-fered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendments. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ments. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 237, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 583] AYES—180 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.012 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6286 November 17, 2016 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Capps Clay Costello (PA) Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Nugent Poe (TX) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H ULTGREN ) (during the vote). There is 1 minute re-maining. b1124 So the en bloc amendments were re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5982) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide for en bloc consideration in reso-lutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 921, he reported the bill back to the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. POCAN. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Pocan moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5982 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amend-ment: Add, at the end of the bill, the following: (c) E
XCEPTION FOR RULES THATPUTAMERI-
CANS BACK TO WORK AND MAKE THE UNITED  S
TATES MORE COMPETITIVE INTERNATION -
ALLY .—Section 801(d) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Paragraph (4) shall not apply to any rule that pertains to improving employment, retention, and earnings of workforce partici-pants, especially those participants with sig-nificant barriers to employment, improving the quality of the workforce, and enhancing the productivity and competitiveness of the nation.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Wisconsin is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, when I was 23, I decided to open a small business in my home State of Wisconsin, a business which I still own today nearly 3 decades later. I know what it takes to create jobs, good family supporting union jobs. I know what a headache misguided regu-lation can be. No one supports dumb regulation. There is a regulation that says it is a crime to sell ‘‘turkey ham’’ as ‘‘ham turkey’’ or with the words ‘‘turkey’’ or ‘‘ham’’ in a different font. That is just dumb. But I also know that rhetoric about regulation can go too far and in the wrong direction and sometimes be done for the wrong reasons. Last week, we all heard loud and clear that there is economic anxiety in this country, more than anyone ever imagined. b1130 While the economy has largely come back from the crash of 2008, too many are working more hours for less, and many don’t earn what they used to in jobs that have left us and have gone overseas. The last thing we should be doing right now is anything that costs us jobs in this country, and that is ex-actly what this bill before us would do today. This motion to recommit is simple. We should support any rules and regu-lations that help put Americans back to work. I think that is something ev-eryone should be able to agree with; but, unfortunately, some in Congress want to stop all sorts of regulations, even ones that help the American peo-ple get back to work, just because some powerful special interests don’t like them. That means you would throw out regulations that have the ability to help increase people’s pay-checks and create jobs right here in America. Let’s face it. President Obama knows a thing or two about creating jobs. Under his administration, over 13 mil-lion jobs have been created—twice the number that were created under Presi-dent Bush—and we have added jobs consistently for the last 73 months. That should be something we are all glad about and support. It is no wonder that President Obama’s approval rat-ing is at 56 percent today; but now Con-gress wants to take away the Presi-dent’s ability to continue to help the economy—Congress, which, by the way, cost 1.6 million jobs through passing sequestration; Congress, which cost the economy $24 billion when we shut down the government a few years back; and Congress, which can’t even pass a budg-et or appropriations bills—the essential 101 of government. Congress is going to tell the Presi-dent what he is doing wrong and what he should and shouldn’t do while he is still President. Really? Remember, the President’s approval rating is 56 percent, and the majority’s rating is about 15 to 20 percent. So Congress is going to tell the President what he should do even if it would cost us jobs. That is not the message from last week, my colleagues. People want more job growth and bigger paychecks, not less. If you are serious about stopping bad regulation, we are with you. If you simply want to stop the President from continuing to be President for the re-mainder of his term and stop us from creating jobs by doing that, you didn’t get the message from last week—but we did. We are hyper-focused on cre-ating good, family supporting jobs, and we aren’t going to stop a President who is doing that just so Republicans can say ‘‘thank you’’ to some corporate special interests. I urge my colleagues to support the Democratic motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, ear-lier this week, the majority leader and the committee chairs sent a letter to hundreds of government departments and agencies, saying stop, stop with the overregulation of our economy. It is time to stop this. We heard the re-sults of the election loud and clear. This motion to recommit misses the forest through the trees, and the ever- increasing avalanche of Washington regulation is stifling job creation, suf-focating recovery, and strangling our economy. Federal regulation since 1980 has been estimated to have cost this country $4 trillion worth of annual GDP—a full 25 percent—by 2012; and things have only gotten worse since then as the record-setting Obama ad-ministration has piled evermore costs on top. Now here they come again. Here is the list in fine print of over 180 new midnight regulations they want to jam through before the end of this ad-ministration. In administration after administra-tion, the most abusive period of regula-tion has been the midnight rule pe-riod—the last, vanishing months of an outgoing administration as it seeks to cement the last pieces of its regulatory edifice in place. This is the time when the pace of executive branch regulation most easily overwhelms Congress’ in-stitutional capacity to check executive overreach. With one simple change to the Con-gressional Review Act—this bill—it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.021 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6287 November 17, 2016 
will free Congress to disapprove any and all midnight regulations in one fell swoop. With one disapproval resolu-tion, we can boldly restore Congress’ Article I authority over lawmaking and check the abuse of midnight regu-lations. The motion carves out some rules that may be good, but we can al-ways leave them out in the disapproval resolution under the bill, as written. Vote against this motion. Vote for this bill. Vote for job creation. Vote for the new administration. I urge my col-leagues to vote for the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX and the order of the House of November 16, 2016, this 5-minute vote on the mo-tion to recommit will be followed by 5- minute votes on the passage of H.R. 5982, if ordered; the motion to recom-mit on H.R. 5711; and the passage of H.R. 5711, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 239, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 584] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—14 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Nugent Poe (TX) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1143 Ms. SINEMA changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 179, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 585] AYES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.033 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6288 November 17, 2016 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Nugent Peters Poe (TX) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1149 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHOR-IZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PAS-SENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of November 16, 2016, the unfinished business is the vote on the motion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 5711) to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial insti-tution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 181, nays 235, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 586] YEAS—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.013 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6289 November 17, 2016 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Delaney Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Lewis Nugent Poe (TX) Rogers (AL) Stutzman Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1155 Mr. OLSON changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 174, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 587] YEAS—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanabusa Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Blumenauer Brown (FL) Duckworth Ellison Fitzpatrick Forbes Hanna Hensarling Jolly Kirkpatrick Kline Nugent Poe (TX) Rogers (AL) Sewell (AL) Stutzman Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1201 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 845. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Reg-ister a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes. H.R. 5392. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line. H.R. 6007. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of cer-tain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable air-space analysis, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1808. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses. S. 1915. An act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vac-cines available to emergency response pro-viders, and for other purposes. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. JOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE MEL LAIRD (Mr. DUFFY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with a heavy heart and offer con-dolences for the passing of former Sec-retary of Defense Mel Laird who served under Richard Nixon. Secretary Laird was well known, among many things, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.015 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6290 November 17, 2016 
for the drawdown of troops in Vietnam and, to the delight of many, he sus-pended the military draft. But for us in Wisconsin, Mel Laird was our Congressman, a young man who was elected at 30 years old and served from 1953 to 1969 until he went to the Secretary of Defense position. When I was running for Congress in the late spring, my phone rang, and on the other end this guy says: Hello, Mel Laird here. Could I speak with S
EAN D
UFFY ? Well, Mel Laird is larger than life in Wisconsin, a guy from Marshfield. I nearly dropped the phone to think that the great Mel Laird would give me a call. He knew everyone and every issue in Wisconsin at the ripe old age of 90. He passed away yesterday. With a heavy heart, we mourn his passing. I would just like to say, he was a man that President Ford said was the can- do conservative from Wisconsin. He was a patriot more than a partisan, so much so that he was the mentor of Colin Powell. And to the friends he had on both sides of the aisle, they would be tickled to know that Hillary Clinton once interned for him. In true Wis-consin fashion, when I won the seat that he had formerly held, he sent me a Wisconsin block of cheddar cheese. So, today, with a heavy heart, I want to extend my condolences to the family of Mel Laird, thank him and his family for his service, and may his soul rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF TOM WEISNER (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Tom Weisner, the mayor of Aurora, Illinois. He served as the mayor for a decade, and for many years before that as a dedicated public servant and a friend to our district and our community. Before he entered public service, Tom and his wife, Marilyn, served as Peace Corps volunteers. Since then, Tom has served the city with passion, commit-ment, competence, and dedication. Public service is more than just a job to him; it is a calling. He cares for oth-ers in his community like an extended family, and Aurora is a better place be-cause of it. Whether it is the safety of rail cars passing through the city or concerns about gun violence, Tom speaks from the heart about issues that matter to our community and to our country. He does this because, to him, our commu-nity is his family. Unfortunately, in the face of his longstanding battle with cancer, Mayor Tom Weisner stepped down at the end of last month. We will all miss his lead-ership and dedication to our commu-nity and wish him well. CONGRATULATIONS TO NORTH-WEST ADVANCED RENEWABLES ALLIANCE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Northwest Advanced Renewables Alliance for their efforts to use the world’s first re-newable jet fuel made from timber har-vest residuals on a commercial flight from Seattle to Washington, D.C., this last Monday, November 14. NARA is a diverse coalition con-sisting of Washington State Univer-sity, University of Washington, Alaska Airlines, Boeing, Weyerhaeuser, the U.S. Forest Service, and many other partners. Their goal was to create a sustainable aviation biofuel, increase bioenergy literacy, and advance rural economic development. This achievement of fueling a cross- country flight entirely on wood prod-ucts is a great testament to the co-operation, innovation, and hard work of the NARA members. Moreover, it demonstrates the forward-thinking commitment to an all-of-the-above en-ergy strategy that the Pacific North-west is renowned for. Again, congratu-lations to NARA and their members on this amazing achievement. f 
AMERICAN FOOD FOR AMERICAN SCHOOLS (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, is there anybody among us here who does not believe our children ought to have nutritious, safe food in the schools, in the school nutrition program? I think we all do. However, you may not know that back home in your school districts that your school is using your taxpayer money to buy food grown in China or someplace else in the world. Is it safe? Maybe yes. Maybe no. You don’t know. We are going to introduce a bill here, and I would seek the support of all the Members here. We call it American Food for American Schools. Why not? Why not American food in the school nutrition programs, the lunch pro-grams? In our own area in Sacramento, California, the school district there de-cided they ought to buy Chinese peach-es, yet the biggest peach-growing place in all the United States is the Sac-ramento region. Let’s do that. Let’s make sure that our students have nutritious, safe, American-grown food. So American Food for American Schools. Seek your attention to this; seek your support on this. I am quite sure the American pub-lic and parents and students would say: yeah, right on. 
f 
NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate hos-pitals in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District for being recognized by the National Organization of State Of-fices of Rural Health. This year, 32 hos-pitals in Pennsylvania reached top quartile performance status in quality, outcomes, patient satisfaction, and fi-nancial strength compared to all acute care hospitals in the nation. Now, I am proud to represent seven of these outstanding health facilities, including Kane Community Hospital, Lock Haven Hospital, Corry Memorial Hospital, Penn Highlands DuBois, War-ren General Hospital, and UPMC Northwest. In light of these and the many other tremendous accomplishments that have been achieved in rural health care this year, I am honored to join with key stakeholders across the United States to celebrate National Rural Health Day. It is no secret that healthcare pro-viders in underserved areas play a vital role in maintaining and safeguarding the health of millions of Americans. Due to my previous experience as a healthcare provider, I have nothing but the deepest respect and admiration for those who work to enhance the quality of healthcare services in rural commu-nities. Congratulations again to the rural healthcare providers in Pennsylvania for their tremendous work. Thank you for your service. f 
I STAND WITH THE STANDING ROCK SIOUX (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to stand with the Standing Rock Sioux in peace and prayer to halt the desecra-tion of their sacred sites and clean water source. This month, an independent review concluded that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ original assessment of the pipeline underestimated the risk of a spill exposing tribal lands to grave risk. Just this week, the Corps announced they will delay an easement for con-struction of the pipeline on Corps land under and around Lake Oahe until they conduct further environmental reviews with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. Further study and a possible reroute of the pipeline is a welcomed idea. But construction continues, and there has been no final decision that could conclusively halt the pipeline and protect tribal sacred sites. This could be devastating. The government must take action to uphold our Federal trust responsibility to protect tribal treaties, land, and re-sources. They must meaningfully con-sult with the Standing Rock Sioux and all tribes before developing on or near 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.043 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6291 November 17, 2016 
tribal land. They must rescind their permit that was issued without full un-derstanding of potential risk and must stop construction. 
f 
NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Satur-day is National Adoption Day. It is an annual celebration of the thousands of new adoptions that take place every year. It is also an opportunity to raise awareness of the thousands of children who are still in foster care in need of permanent homes. Since National Adoption Day was started 16 years ago, several children advocacy groups, including the Con-gressional Coalition on Adoption Insti-tute, have worked with foster care agencies and courts in all 50 States to finalize more than 40,000 adoptions to take place on that day. This is amazing work that helps bring wonderful addi-tions to selfless, committed families. It is great to see so many children finding new beginnings through adoption, but it is also important to remember those who are still in need of permanent homes. There are more than 100,000 children who are waiting for an adoptive family in foster care, and, on average, they wait nearly 3 years to be adopted. Every child deserves to grow up in a loving family and a safe and open- hearted home. Mr. Speaker, adoption is a joyous oc-casion for thousands of children and families, and National Adoption Day is a reminder of how to create more of these powerful life-changing experi-ences. 
f 
b1215 TIME TO LOOK AHEAD The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). Under the Speak-er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a pleasure to be in this somewhat hallowed Hall. The election is behind us. It is time to look ahead. But as everyone who studies history knows, those who fail to learn from history are destined to repeat it. And so we go. We continue too often to repeat the mistakes of the past, but it looks like the American people wanted a change— quite a change—and I know there are calls that we get rid of the electoral college, but when one looks at the map of the United States district-by-dis-trict within the States that voted for the different parties, candidates, one sees very clearly that you have the big cities that were voting Democrat and the 90 percent or so of the rest of the country voted Republican. It really is amazing to see just how distinctive that has become. South Texas is not highly populated, but is blue. Otherwise, most of the country that voted Democrat is just large cities, many of which are failing, many of which have become sanctuary cities, many of which have high crime rates. So I was a bit encouraged to con-tinue to hear statements made by President-elect Trump. There is an article today—with re-gard to the government, that is—from The Washington Examiner by Paul Bedard: ‘‘$42 billion in Obama regula-tions are on Trump’s chopping block. Nearly 50 massive and costly regula-tions that cost Americans and busi-nesses 53 million more hours filing pa-perwork and that have already put a $42 billion hit on the U.S. economy are being teed up for President-elect Trump to cut in his first weeks in of-fice.’’ And you go through and you look and top on the list are Head Start perform-ance standards. Really, education was doing pretty well in my home State. Back before President Carter created the Department of Education, between 70 and 75 percent of all employees in the education system in Texas were teachers; but when you create this big bureaucracy called the Department of Education, it means for every cubicle we put here in Washington, D.C., just down the street here at the Depart-ment of Education, every State has to hire additional people to work in cubi-cles. But some States are more gen-erous than others. Some have very nice offices. But then, for every bureaucrat you put in a State capital office that is going to respond to the bureaucrats in the Department of Education here, you have to have additional clerical help, administrative help in each individual school district. That is people that could be helping our children. That is people that could be making students brighter than any other students. But what are they doing? They are filling out mountains of pa-perwork to send to the State capital so they can fill out mountains of paper-work and send it to the Department of Education. To see that just one item within the Department of Education could cut $42 billion in Obama regulations is incred-ible. At a time when we have sky-rocketed over the last 7-plus years from $11 billion in debt to $20 billion in debt, it is just incredible. Incredible. Yet, there is so much we are costing America. I am excited about the coming year because the kind of things that are listed here is just government over-regulation; government bureaucrats from here overregulating. I know most people are proud when they set new all- time records, which this administra-tion did in new regulations for the years with regard to pages of regula-tions. I think it seems like the Bush administration may have hit 74,000 pages or so one year, but that didn’t create a problem for the Obama admin-istration. They have blown right past 74,000 pages of regulations. How is anyone in business in the United States supposed to stay in busi-ness if they have to go through 74,000 pages of new regulations in addition to the old regulations that may still be in effect? It is incredible. Like the Heritage Foundation has pointed out, more per-sons are committing three or four Fed-eral crimes every day because we don’t know what all the regulations are. I am very encouraged as we go into the new year that one of the things we want to accomplish—and Chairman GOODLATTE in the Judiciary Committee has it on his list of things to get done— is really address the overcriminaliza-tion that has occurred over all these years. You slap a prison sentence on some vague crime or on some vague statute that says it is a crime if you violate any of the laws or regulations, and then bureaucrats sit around and dream up things that annoy them, and all of a sudden somebody can be going to prison for things none of us knew were crimes. One guy did know that a substance he was sending through the mail, since he was a scientist, required ground only. So he checked the box ‘‘ground only.’’ He didn’t know that some bu-reaucrat had passed or created a regu-lation that said not only do you check the box, you have to put a little ticker with an airplane with a red line through it. And if you don’t do that, you get arrested, drug to Alaska, where he was sending it—he didn’t even live there, didn’t have friends—and held up there for 18 months or so, I think. It is incredible. We have got to do right by the American people. I have been blessed to be able to trav-el all over the country in the past year or so. And everywhere I go, it just seems like the economy is ready to take off. If we can just get this mas-sive, oppressive bureaucracy in Wash-ington off of the neck of the economy, people will start having jobs again. I know some people are worried about the wall or fence, but as you see people out of work—some of them being paid, apparently, to riot or pick-et, the things they do. I remember one picketer out here on The Mall back during the shutdown said he was get-ting $15 an hour from Democratic sources to picket out there at the World War II Monument. Some of them get paid. Maybe that is all the work they can find. Well, how great would it be to take that picket sign out of their hand and say: My friend, we have productive work for you. You can help your coun-try, you can help yourself by cutting down on potential terrorism coming across other southern border, by cut-ting down on people coming into the country illegally and getting welfare, food stamps, all these benefits that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.045 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6292 November 17, 2016 
other Americans will have to pay for those who are here illegally. You can take this trowel, take this mortar, and go over to that brick pile by our border and just start helping us build the wall. We will pay you to do that. I don’t know, if they get $15 an hour to come picket in Washington, they may want $16 or $17 to help build the wall or the fence down on our border, but we have certainly got plenty of people that can work, because you see them in the streets all over the coun-try. They have come out of their safe spaces where their feelings were hurt because things didn’t go like they wanted and nobody has told them, as my late mother, brilliant as she was, used to say: Well, nothing is fair, and the quicker you get used to it, the bet-ter off you will be. I would contend—and she would roll her eyes—yeah, but we can take care of our own little part to make it more fair. And that is what we are supposed to do. If things are not fair, then you get involved in government and you try to fix it. That is why I came to Washington. I saw that things weren’t fair up here, that the Federal Government was lur-ing people away from their God-given potential. I kept having young women come before me as a felony judge in Texas for welfare fraud. And the cases were nearly identical. They pour out their hearts, lay out their situation. They were bored with high school and somebody said: Well, the Federal Gov-ernment will send you a check if you just drop out and have a baby. Then they find out after they have the child: I can’t really live on this little bit. This is not enough to live on. So they have another child and another child. These are just the ones that came to my court, but I would imagine that there are other situations just like this all over the country. When I was teaching a joint soci-ology class at a predominantly African American school back in Tyler, Texas—a great school that has done so much good for so many—Texas Col-lege—but there were women there probably in their late twenties, and when we started talking about this, I was blown away with the intellectual level of these women and their com-mitment that we have to fix our Fed-eral system that is destroying people and their potential. One lady in her older twenties, God bless her, she came back. She decided: I have had kids. I have been in debt. I am going to improve myself. I mean, that is the American Dream. That is what we hope for. She said, You have got to put that work requirement in and you have got to make it more forceful. Another lady said: You have got to put drug tests on there. Man, I was spending my money I was getting from the government not so much for my kid, but for my drugs. You need to have a drug test. Don’t just give people money like that. You are ruining them. I am hearing people across the coun-try that have figured out this massive welfare state that was created with the best of intentions in the mid-sixties has done more to pull people away from their God-given potential and put them into ruts or ditches from which they couldn’t get out of. Yet, that is not supposed to ever be the role of government, whether you look to Biblical scripture, like I do. In Romans 13, the government is supposed to be an encourager of good conduct, help people, encourage them, direct them to reach their potential. Don’t lure them away from their potential and make them beholden to this big master government. Encourage them. We need a safety net here and there, but encourage them. The sky is the limit and get out of the way. Like Edison said, I didn’t fail how-ever many hundreds of thousands of times. I tried to find the filament that would make a light bulb work. He didn’t fail all those times. He just found that many ways that would not work in a light bulb, then he found the one that would. You encourage people to try. Failure shouldn’t necessarily be a trophy, but it ought to get a slap on the back, Come on, you can keep going. You can do it. b1230 The government should not lure peo-ple away from trying. It was never in-tended to be anything but a safety net so you could rebound and get back on your feet. Instead, we take people off their feet and lead them away from being productive in the country for themselves. I have mentioned this before, but I, as a freshman here in Congress, 12 years ago, went to a conference at Har-vard. One of the speakers, the dean there—I was surprised, dean at Harvard Business School—had these charts, and he showed single mothers’ income in the United States, when adjusted for inflation, from the creation of welfare until welfare reform, from the mid-six-ties to mid-nineties when Newt Ging-rich and Republicans took the Congress in January 1995, did welfare reform. I know President Clinton now takes credit for it, but he vetoed it. It wasn’t until they had enough votes, basically, to override his veto that they finally got him on board, and now he likes to take credit for it. It was the Repub-licans that drove them there. He likes to take credit for the bal-anced budget. He vetoed numerous things that would have made it bal-ance, and once they had the votes that would override his veto, he would sign them, and we got to a balanced budget back in the late nineties. But that is what we are going to have to do come January, and we can’t give away the farm when we come back. I am encouraged today to hear our Speaker and leader talking about what we are going to be doing. And wow, isn’t it wonderful that now that Donald Trump is the President-elect, Repub-lican leadership is now saying: You know what we are going to do is we need to take care of the military so we don’t suffer there any more than we al-ready have for 8 years. But maybe get that done for the rest of the year and then, basically, have a continuing reso-lution that gets us out maybe to March so that we can come in with the Con-gress the people of the United States have said they now want making the decisions. That makes sense. They have spoken: Let’s let that Congress make the big calls then with the new President when he comes in in Janu-ary. What is so great about that is some of us were talking about that back in September, and then we were told no, no; we have got to do it for the whole year, and we are going to have to add this and that. We can’t just go to March because that will destroy the military. We have got to do everything for the whole year. A new President is elected named Trump, and all of a sudden, hey, let’s just go to March. Sounds great to me. That sounds like a good idea. I would have been willing to do that in Sep-tember as we were talking about then. It wasn’t acceptable then. I am glad it is acceptable now for a new Congress. And when we talk about problems in the United States, our military has been deflated back to a pre-World War II position. We were not a superpower after World War I. We weren’t the main defender of truth, justice, freedom. But as you travel around the world, like I have mentioned, in Africa, where Africans were saying, you know: We were so excited when you elected your first Black President, but since he has been in office, we have seen America get weaker and weaker. And you have got to go back to Washington and tell those people there to stop getting weaker. This was a group of African Chris-tians. They said, you know: We all know where we are going when we die, but our only chance for peace in this life is if America is strong. Now, the world, so many countries like to deride us and take verbal shots. Some take other kinds of shots. But some like to fly planes closely, mock-ing our ships, and I am looking forward to that happening under President Trump. I suspect if it happens, it prob-ably won’t happen more than once, and they will learn not to mess with us. So it will be nice to have a reputa-tion: You are not going to continue to bully the world. While this administra-tion likes to talk about bullies in ele-mentary school and send—they like to see little kids who were bullies in ele-mentary school arrested, threatened. Well, I was a little bitty kid, and one of my best friends from elementary school was here yesterday. We were talking about old times. He and I were the same little bitty runt size, so we got picked on a lot. But we didn’t want anybody to come get arrested, and we figured out ways that we made sure the biggest bully never bothered us again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.046 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6293 November 17, 2016 
But to give an elementary school kid an arrest, drag them in for being a bully? I mean, kids have to grow up, and that is why we are called adults. We are supposed to have learned and supposed to understand kids will be kids. Foolishness can be found in the heart of a child. But some say maybe Prov-erbs is encouraging a crime when it says: but the rod can drive it far from them. Nobody wants a child to be abused, but I know most of my friends in school, we got paddled at one time or another. I had friends I played football with, whether it was freshman year, junior varsity, or varsity, that if they had not been paddled, I had no doubt they were headed for prison. But they had coach-es that cared about them. They didn’t just want to win as coaches. They wanted these kids to be good adults, so they used discipline. We had some trou-bled folks after high school, but the coaches saved a lot of kids by caring. I mentioned before that I had some coaches that I loved, and they are more like friends, even though they were adults. My favorite year, my favorite coach was Willie Williams. It was interesting, you know. Con-servatives are called bigots all the time. First time I mentioned that here in Washington, that my favorite high school coach was—happened to be Black, and I never noticed any racial problems on that team because he was rough on all of us. He was a very smart man, too, good coach. I love Coach Williams, and it was my great honor to be invited back to my hometown a couple of weeks ago when Mount Pleasant was playing Green-ville. Greenville is a lot bigger city. Mount Pleasant had won two games. Coach Williams is now retired, but I was told Coach Williams was up in the press box, that he did some of the call-ing color for the games. There were so many thrills there, getting to know the kids and being with the team on the sideline and rejoicing at good plays. But they won. Apparently, it was the best game they played. Those kids have a lot of potential they didn’t realize, but they gave me the game ball. Just so many things that thrilled me there, my hometown where I grew up, Mount Pleasant, but nothing more than when I got to hug Coach Williams up there at the press box. That was spe-cial. Although he is substantially older now and gray—and, fortunately, his memory has not waned at all—Coach Williams remarked: You had a great team, but it wasn’t because you had good talent—that’s how I know his memory had not failed him—but you guys played so well together. You gave it everything. You played well to-gether, and that is how you were a win-ning team. I really had hopes that that is what would happen. I didn’t support Barack Obama for President, but I really had hopes that we would be brought to-gether as never before, just the way Coach Williams brought us together on that football team. I thought it was rather ironic, one of the liberal press immediately did a story on my favorite basketball coach in high school. Apparently, they fig-ured, since they are liberal, well, he is Black, so I guess Blacks are only good at basketball, so he must have been his basketball coach. He was my football coach, JV football coach before I went to varsity the next year. But, ironic, who is the more bigoted, I wonder. But, nonetheless, it wasn’t like our team under Coach Williams. We have become a very divided country. In this article from FOX News, Da-kota Wood, just this week, points out our military is no longer large enough, strong enough, or modern enough to keep America safe, and that is why China is making moves in the South Sea. It is why Russia is rattling sabers and looking around them if they should possibly move before a more authori-tative President, a more decisive Presi-dent like President-elect Trump, comes into office. So I think the world is scared for the next couple of months. Are these countries like Iran, Russia, China, are they going to try to make a move in the next 2 months because they know this President may send some rockets or something, may send a SEAL team, but they are not going to really be final-type activities to really send a message. So we will see. Hope-fully, the threat of President Trump coming in January will be sufficient to keep Iran from trying to make a move on Mecca, Russia from trying to make a move on Georgia, Ukraine, Crimea— Crimea being part of Ukraine, of course, should be—but remains to be seen. And then after all of the trauma that has been created by—I just can’t call it the Affordable Care Act because it is so costly. But the President was proud that it was called ObamaCare initially, and so that is a better term. People know what it means immediately, know what we are talking about. But this article from the Washington Free Beacon, Ali Meyer, says one-third of adults went without health care due to expensive costs. We were doing so much better. Most of the people I hear from in my district, over 700,000 people, were doing a lot better under—before ObamaCare kicked in. They are not going to be able to afford health care next year. That was one of the reasons that 90 percent of the geographical U.S. voted to change parties as President because they have seen the suffering they have had because their health care has suffered. This article says one-third of adults in the U.S. went without recommended health care due to expensive costs, ac-cording to a Commonwealth Fund sur-vey. The survey actually was con-ducted in 11 countries—the U.S., Aus-tralia, Canada, France, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the United King-dom—and this was all within this year, from March to June of this year, and that is what we find. A third of Ameri-cans, now that we have been under ObamaCare for 6 years, have really felt the pinch, and some have felt it to their demise or detriment. Another article from Elizabeth Har-rington, ObamaCare premiums are to increase 27 percent. It points out that a new study obtained by the Washington Free Beacon shows premium increases under ObamaCare will actually be higher than the Federal Government’s projections, and it points out they will increase by 27 percent, according to the American Action Forum. b1245 It points out that the Department of Health and Human Services announced last month that premiums would in-crease an average of 22 percent in 2017. But premiums will actually increase as much as 145 percent in some States. ‘‘The American Action Forum found that the average increase is likely to be higher than predicted because the agency did not factor in that nearly half of ObamaCare plans no longer exist, forcing enrollees to switch to costlier plans,’’ if they have them at all. Then we have this from Lana Shadwick: ‘‘DHS Sued for Ignoring En-vironmental Effects of Mass Immigra-tion.’’ There is so much damage that has come from our border not being se-cured. I heard one of my friends across the aisle say just this week in the press that our southern border is secure and that Mr. Trump should come down and see it. Mr. Trump has come down and seen it, and I have been down there many times. To be on the border as I was just in the last month, recent months, out there on the Rio Grande, it is pretty wide, and yet that is still where so many thousands and thousands and thousands cross. At 2, 3 in the morning, we were on a Texas Department of Pub-lic Safety boat because Texas, though they are not authorized by the Su-preme Court to defend our borders, they are authorized under the Texas Constitution and required to protect our State. They spent millions of dol-lars. They have these fantastic boats. We had night vision on the boat. They have thermotechnology. They could see where people were hiding and what they were hiding behind. They have other technology. When they would see people, they would radio it to the Bor-der Patrol. There were agents on the U.S. side along the riverbank, and we reported some in. We went down, turned off the engine and sat there for an hour or so. Finally, the U.S. Border Patrol asked if we would go back to the dock be-cause those people that we had been watching, they were watching with their technology, and they weren’t going to move. They knew our boats were there somewhere in the area, and so our boat went back. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.048 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6294 November 17, 2016 
I thought that meant they were say-ing they know you are in the area so they are not going to make a move. We can’t catch them redhanded until you make a move. I thought that meant they would interdict and protect the homeland. No. Homeland security doesn’t protect the homeland. No. What they were saying is: We want you to get out of the way because there are people—oh, and then there were some we could see were clearly carrying stuff that was probably drugs. There were only two or three in those groups of people who were carrying drugs. There were 17 or 18 groups like that would be wanting to come across, and it didn’t look like they were carrying anything, maybe they had a raft. So it turned out we leave, and we get radio transmission from Border Patrol: Okay, all of those folks who you had spotted, they have now all come across when you left the area, and we have got all of those in the big groups. But we didn’t get those who were probably bringing in drugs, but we put somebody out at an intersection. They are going to watch for them. These people are not stupid. They knew the intersection they put them in. They weren’t going through that intersection. If I had had any idea that our boat leaving that area of the river, the Rio Grande, was going to cause President Obama’s Border Patrol to not protect our homeland but to keep welcoming drug dealers, massive drugs, and lots of folks we don’t know what diseases they have—we don’t know if there were any terrorists in there. We don’t really know who they are. They don’t carry proper identification. I have seen that time and time and time again on our border in the middle of the night. They are not carrying. I watched two guys. They looked at their own little xeroxed piece of paper they use for identification, and if they didn’t like it, they switched. What kind of identification is that? It is a little piece of paper, it had some English on it, and they switched. They didn’t like the identity they were bringing in. We don’t know who these people were. So it will be nice come next year to know that our Border Patrol—and they are frustrated, I know. Most of them really have wanted to do their jobs. I hear from them. They are so tired of watching their homeland be assaulted. It just goes on and on, a wave every night, and we are not protecting our homeland. We are supposed to protect this place against all enemies foreign and domes-tic. Some of those folks aren’t enemies. They want to come in for jobs. Some want to come in for welfare. Some want to come in for food stamps. Some want to come in, but they have made commitments through the drug cartels that pay the coyotes to bring them across. I have been out there at night when they have said: Well, no, I didn’t have $7,000, but they are going to let me work it off in the city I am going to. How do they work it off in those cit-ies for the drug cartels? They help them spread poison to American young people. They are bringing poison into our country. They come in with good motivation—want-ing jobs, wanting a better life. Yet we have allowed such a massive insur-gence into this country. We need to take some kind of pause and kind of figure out who in the world is in this country. We know from FBI Director Comey—such as his testimony is worth—that there are terrorist cells in every State, and that they are inves-tigating every State. So we need to fig-ure out who all have we let in here. In the last 8 years—and, yes, it was going on during the Bush administration, but nothing like it has just amassed in the last 8 years. We have to figure out who is here. Even this administration had no idea who they have let in. Then when you see the article that indicates that the number of those wrongly given citizenship is much higher than initially reported—and this is from Jake Tapper with CNN— that the number of individuals who were supposed to have been deported but instead were granted citizenship is far higher than was initially reported by the media covering homeland secu-rity. This is from September: ‘‘On Mon-day, the Inspector General reported that 858 individuals from ‘special inter-est countries’—meaning countries that are considered to be ‘of concern to the national security of the United States’—were supposed to have been deported but were instead granted U.S. citizenship. ‘‘But the truth is the report is even worse than reported, with more than 1,800 individuals naturalized who should have been deported from the country. ‘‘A reason for the underplaying of the number may have been the report’s focus, which was whether the U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services was using digital fingerprints effectively.’’ So it goes on to say that there might be 1,000 more—953 more—that they didn’t realize they were supposed to de-port because they are probably going to kill people and create havoc here. With all the rhetoric we have heard over and over, we don’t need a fence, we don’t need a wall, this campaign you don’t need any fence or wall down on our border. WikiLeaks—and who knows where this stuff is coming from, but I never did hear outright denials to: Well, we are not sure where that is coming from. Yeah, but they are saying this was your email. Did you send this email? I just didn’t hear people denying the facts that were in what was released. Anyway, they leaked an internal memo from Barack Obama’s 2008 cam-paign, and it made very clear that then-Senator Obama believed that fencing at the U.S.-Mexico border could help cut down on illegal immi-gration. Of course, once he is in office, we hear his surrogate, Janet Napoli-tano, saying that if you build a 10-foot wall, then they will build a 12-foot lad-der. So what do they do? They build a 10-foot fence around the White House. After she made fun of a 10-foot fence, they built a 10-foot fence to make it higher around the White House. I ask: Does that fence work? Because if it works, then we need to have some-thing like that down on our border. If it doesn’t work, then let’s remove the fence from around the White House. But the Obama administration, though they clamored that fences would do no good, made their fence even stronger, bigger, taller, and more secure around the White House. So I know they said that fences didn’t work, but their actions said pretty clearly: Yes, we know they work. That is why we are fixing ours up around the White House. In my own home county, November was a very, very sad time. A 10-year- old little girl, Kayla, was finally found as friends around the country were texting, emailing, and praying for Kayla. They finally found 10-year-old Kayla. Our Smith County sheriff, Larry Smith, reported that Kayla’s body was found in a well next to a home rented by her relative 4 days after her disappearance. The Sheriff said: ‘‘We assure you there will be no stone unturned as we enter the next phase of this investigation.’’ That is what they did. They arrested Gustavo Zavala-Garcia. He was in the country illegally. He had been deported for a violent crime in 2014, but because this Federal Government refused to protect the United States of America from all enemies foreign, this guy comes back in and killed Kayla. That is the charge. We have seen this across the country. I know President-elect Trump has said he is going to do something about it, and, God help us, he needs to. In gov-ernment we have a job. As an indi-vidual Christian, I am supposed to turn the other cheek; but when I am acting in the role of the government, my job is to make sure those who have reli-gious beliefs can practice and keep their religious beliefs without worrying about some guy who has been deported five times coming in and shooting them. If we find here in Congress that the executive branch is not doing what they should, then we cut off the money. That is what is supposed to happen. Cut off the money to those who aren’t doing the job and send it over to people that are doing the job. If nobody is doing the job, then create an-other department and eliminate that department, and get somebody until you do protect the country. There are so many across this coun-try that are suffering and mourning the loss because the Federal Govern-ment did not protect them from some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.050 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6295 November 17, 2016 
immigrant who was a criminal who was deported. We don’t protect our borders. They came back, they killed, raped, and pillaged yet again. Then there are those who say: Well, let’s just go ahead and do a complete amnesty. This report is from Robert Rector, a brilliant guy from the National Acad-emy of Sciences. He says: ‘‘The find-ings in the report indicate that if am-nesty for illegal immigrants were en-acted, the government would have to raise taxes immediately by $1.29 tril-lion and put that sum into a high-yield bank account to cover future fiscal losses generated by the amnesty recipi-ents and their children. ‘‘To cover the future cost, each U.S. household currently paying federal in-come tax would have to pay, on aver-age, an immediate lump sum of over $15,000.’’ Wouldn’t it be better to just enforce our borders? Nobody lets in legally as many as we do in the United States. I don’t know a single person in this Congress that is a xenophobe, whatever kind of phobe, but we want to do our job. There is an obli-gation to make sure that the over 1 million visas—more than any country in the world—that are handed out by your United States Government go to people that are not going to be a threat but are to be a blessing to this country. The U.N. General Secretary—the new one that just came in—said over a year ago that the reason there is such a tiny fraction of a fraction of Christians who are being brought out of the Middle East as refugees is because they are so historically important right where they are. We have already recognized there is a genocide of Christians going on right now in the Middle East. So what do we do with the Chris-tians? The government said: Well, we want to leave most of them there. We like what the U.N. says. Let’s leave them over there to be wiped out in a geno-cide of Christians. b1300 I am saying, Mr. Speaker, there will be a price to pay someday by this coun-try for our callousness to Christians and Jews in the Middle East that have cried out for help. Instead of helping them, we have welcomed those who have tortured and created a living hell for them. And one from September 10: ‘‘Suspect in Brutal Maryland Murder Deported Twice.’’ ‘‘Austin Sex Assault Suspect Pre-viously Deported Five Times.’’ Then this administration has sent billions of dollars, a lot of it cash—load up those pallets, put them on a plane, and send them to our enemy Iran. And we find out there was an IAEA report indicating that Iran had continued to violate the Iran executive agreement. It is really a treaty, but the Senate never confirmed it, never ratified it, so it can be wiped out as soon as Trump goes in. I know I saw a headline he doesn’t think he will do that. I suggest he needs to do that. It was a rotten deal. There will be a lot of people in the Middle East and around the world, including America, who will die be-cause this administration sent billions of dollars to Iran, a big hunk of it just pure cash. This article says: ‘‘Iran Pressuring Palestinian Jihadists to Resume Ter-rorism Against Israel.’’ But they didn’t just do terrorism against Israel. They love to kill and do harm to Americans. It is time we stood up to our oath and protected this place, protected our Constitution, our way of life, against all enemies, foreign and domestic. That is basically the oath I took when I went on Active Duty in the Army. We didn’t know if we were going to be sent. We weren’t sent anywhere. We were put on alert in 1979 when an act of war occurred in Iran, but President Carter wouldn’t defend our people. He tried way too late and way too weakly to rescue. But even a successful rescue would have told the world we don’t have a leader in America that will protect the American people because, if you harm us, then we will come back and get out of your country, but we will leave you alone. I mean, this was President Car-ter that called Ayatollah Khomeini— the biggest radical Islamist terrorist in modern history—a man of peace when he was welcoming him to the power of an entire country and its military. Radical Islamic caliphate had been out of business for many years, and Carter opened the box. Once Pandora’s box was open, many thousands and thousands of our American military would die in the days to come because of it, not just military. But when a Taliban—radical Islamist terrorists—in Afghanistan get control of the country, there is going to be terrorism spread around the world. That is what hap-pened. When a radical Islamic terrorist becomes the head of Iran, there is going to be terrorism spread around the world, and that happened. Now, this: ‘‘Leaked FBI Data Reveal 7,700 Terrorist Encounters in USA in One Year; Border States Most Tar-geted.’’ But Andrew McCarthy, a dear friend, wrote a great article: ‘‘Deadliest Lie: Without ‘Lone Wolf’ Lie, U.S. Could Have Stopped Nearly Every Attack.’’ As my friend Patrick Poole has said, there are no lone wolves, there are known wolves. Each time we find out these people were on the radar of the FBI, of law en-forcement, and they didn’t know how to recognize a radical Islamist. So I hope and pray that, as a new adminis-tration comes in, we will finally put the Muslim Brotherhood, CAIR and any of the groups with which it works, on a terrorist watch list. Stop them from giving advice to the State Depart-ment, the White House, the Justice De-partment, Homeland Security. Stop al-lowing them to come in and review ma-terial and tell us what we have to re-move from our training material so that next time Russia says there is a Tsarnaev brother that has been radicalized and he is going to kill peo-ple, the FBI agents who want to stop terrorism will actually recognize it be-cause they have been properly trained to do so instead of being treated with some politically correct garbage that keeps them from recognizing what a real radical Islamist is. You have got to know what they are reading. You have got to know what their beliefs are. When I talked to the FBI agent whose material was completely elimi-nated for a time because, apparently, CAIR, named as a coconspirator in the Holy Land Foundation terrorism fi-nancing trial, was bothered by some of that stuff, when I asked the FBI Direc-tor at that time, Mueller, ‘‘You didn’t even go to the mosques where the Tsarnaevs went and ask questions— What are they reading? What are they learning? What are they saying? How are they acting?—to determine if they had been radicalized?’’ they didn’t know what to look for. Mueller said they did go out there, but it was in their outreach program. Yeah, go out there and have a meal. Let’s get together and be buddies, but not even investigate when the Russians tell you this guy is a radical, he is going to kill Americans. They sent somebody out. They talked to him and talked to his mom. He said, ‘‘No, I am not a terrorist’’; and Mom said, ‘‘He is a good boy, not a ter-rorist.’’ And then he goes and kills peo-ple in Boston at the marathon because they didn’t know what they were look-ing for. It is time to get back to fulfilling our oath to the United States of America to protect this country, to get govern-ment out of the way, to create a level playing field across the country and then let people compete. Don’t reward the losers. Encourage them to pick up and keep going when they fail because, like Edison, it is not a failure. You just found a way not to succeed on that, but you will find a way next time. We keep trying. It is time to wake up, protect the people within the United States so that we can continue to be the biggest, brightest beacon of light in the world where people will want to come instead of a place that was once great, was once free, was once safe, but now coun-tries around the world have travel alerts out on our cities because we are not safe anymore. It is time to protect America and put America first, which is our oath and obligation. When we do that, we can do more good for the world than we have done since World War II. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.051 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6296 November 17, 2016 
STATEHOOD FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to say that my colleague from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), who spoke just before me, mentioned a divided coun-try and used a metaphor—I hope it will become a metaphor—for the coming Congress of the African American coach who coached a White team and seemed to be able to reconcile people. If this Congress doesn’t learn the art of compromise, even though my Repub-lican colleagues have captured the reins of government, they will still have trouble, without thoughtful com-promise, getting matters through the House and the Senate. So I endorse the metaphor—that is what Mr. G
OHMERT  meant—of Coach Williams as the kind of Congress we should be beginning in January if we want to override the last several Congresses which got very lit-tle done. It will take more than bring-ing all the reins of government under one party to get that done. I come to the floor this afternoon particularly to offer some background to new Members of Congress—but, I must say, to current Members of Con-gress as well—because there seems to me to be great mystery concerning what role Members of Congress should play when matters affecting a jurisdic-tion, not their own, come before them in this House. They know for sure that their own constituents didn’t send them here to legislate for somebody else’s district, so how come and what does it mean and how can we get on with the business of the Nation? On November 8, the residents of the District of Columbia in an over-the-top 85 percent majority—with support, by the way, from our Republican Party in the District—passed a statehood ref-erendum to petition the Congress for statehood for the District of Columbia. I don’t think they did so because they thought that either a Democratic President or a Republican President, a Democratic Congress, would move quickly on a statehood bill, but it does express frustration that I believe my colleagues would identify with at not being treated as the full-fledged Amer-ican citizens they are. On November 8, not only was I running for Congress and many of my colleagues—or most of my colleagues—the District of Colum-bia was, in effect, running for state-hood. Now, there are three ways to become a State: you can amend the Constitu-tion; you can have Congress pass a bill, and we have a bill pending here now; or a State can formally petition the Con-gress to become a State, instead of waiting for Congress to pass a bill in the ordinary course of business. The way to petition the Congress was patterned by the State of Tennessee, which was then a territory. In 1795, Tennessee drafted a constitution, passed a referendum, indicated what its boundaries would be, and petitioned, succeeding in becoming the 16th State of the Union. At the same time that 85 percent of the residents of the District of Colum-bia passed the statehood referendum to do the same thing—I don’t want to be misunderstood. Our residents have not given up on seeking any and all ele-ments of statehood. Even before state-hood is granted, statehood consists of many different elements. Indeed, al-most simultaneously, indeed, before the statehood referendum, they had voted for a budget autonomy ref-erendum. You can imagine the insult to the residents of the District of Co-lumbia to raise $7 billion and then have to call on somebody else for permission to spend their own money. b1315 Budget autonomy has long been the priority of the District of Columbia, and every Member of this body knows that what you prize most is the control that your own jurisdiction has over its own local budget and that, no matter what we do on the Federal budget, they can’t touch your budget. Yes, they add to your budget, but your budget is your budget, and our budget is our budget. Members of Congress don’t look at our budget. They know they don’t know how to run a big city of, going on, 700,000 people, but the budget becomes a vehicle for interfering with the busi-ness of a local jurisdiction—the Dis-trict of Columbia. Now, Congress, in the congressional resolution that is pending, has appro-priated next year’s budget—that is to say, the 2017 budget. At the same time, I want to alert Congress that the budg-et autonomy referendum I just spoke of is in effect. That has not been over-turned. It has been tested in court. The Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia vacated an opinion of the dis-trict court that indicated that the budget autonomy referendum, whereby the District was giving itself autonomy over its own budget, was unconstitu-tional. It vacated that, so that does not stand. Instead, it sent it to the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia, and the superior court considered it and upheld the Budget Autonomy Act. No appeal was filed; so the Budget Au-tonomy Act is still law. It is interesting that the Federal court sent the matter to the local court. I think the Federal court was telling us something: that, when it comes to discerning what are the local powers, we ought to look first to the local courts. No appeal was filed. The Federal courts have, in effect, deferred to the local court; so the budget auton-omy referendum stands as law, not-withstanding the fact that the congres-sional resolution does, in fact, appro-priate D.C.’s budget. So you can see how there is some at-tempt to come to grips with this issue in Congress and to come to some kind of, at least, compromise, and I appre-ciate that. It is very hard to under-stand congressional opposition to au-tonomy, such as it is, that the District wishes over its own budget. What the District has done in design-ing its own budget autonomy ref-erendum is certainly not to give itself statehood. The referendum is a very moderate notion because the local budget would still come to the House of Representatives and to the Senate for a review period, just as all local legisla-tion—even though almost none of it is overturned during this period—has to come here before it becomes law. Con-gress would continue, under the cur-rent budget autonomy referendum, to have the existing jurisdiction over the District of Columbia, and it is going to have that jurisdiction until the Dis-trict of Columbia becomes the 51st State. Budget autonomy does not interfere, as it is mapped out in the budget au-tonomy referendum, with the powers of the Congress. So why not say to the District: you can have control over your own budget. If we want to inter-fere, we can still interfere; but you don’t have to bring it up here. We can interfere without your bringing it up here. Until this Congress, actually, the District had bipartisan support for budget autonomy. The last two Repub-lican chairmen of the committee of ju-risdiction over the District, which is the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, understood—maybe pre-cisely because they were Republicans— why budget autonomy was the very first thing a local jurisdiction ought to demand. Former Representative Thom-as Davis and D
ARRELL ISSAfought for budget autonomy. Mr. I
SSAis still in this body, as I understand it. Representative Davis said recently: ‘‘The benefits of budget autonomy for the District are numerous, real, and much needed. There is no drawback.’’ Budget autonomy means lower bor-rowing costs, more accurate financial projections, improved operations, and the District government will not shut down during a Federal Government shutdown. Imagine that. That is what has happened several times here be-cause this budget has to come here even when the District of Columbia, as always, is not implicated in disagree-ments with the Federal Government. If it shuts down then I have to take ac-tion to make sure the District doesn’t shut down with it because, in the past, it has, indeed, been shut down for no reason except the Federal Government, itself, was shut down because it couldn’t agree on Federal matters. The District has tried all conceivable ways to get some equality with other citizens. For example, the House in 2007 and the Senate in 2009 passed the House Voting Rights Act. That would have given the District a vote in the House but not in the Senate. But at least in the people’s House, you would not have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.053 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6297 November 17, 2016 
the outrage of, for example, this Mem-ber who cannot vote on any matter on this floor but whose matters do come before the House of Representatives. It had good bipartisan support. Speaker R
YAN, at the time, supported it. Our current Vice President, at the time, supported it. Our Vice President-elect supported it. There was some under-standing that, even if you are not ready for statehood, you are not ready for the status quo for the almost 700,000 people who live in the District of Co-lumbia. There are other elements of state-hood: legislative autonomy. If the Dis-trict passes a bill, it can’t become law until it lies over. That means it just stops until we see whether somebody from the House or the Senate wants to overturn a law. It is almost never used. I can’t remember the last time it was used, yet that is an authority that lies in this Congress. Why would Congress want to keep an authority when it never uses it? There are other ways, if it wants to interfere, rather than forc-ing the District through long waits to have its bills become law. These are enigmas of the last century. They have no place in a modern House and Sen-ate. I have been able—and I am grateful— that, each year, for the last several years, I have been able, in advance, to get language that has meant that, even if the House or the Senate had to close down, the District would not close down. It is not as if there aren’t some in the House who see why I come before you today. We believe that, ultimately, as Congress sees that the components of statehood work—not shutting down the government, maybe budget auton-omy or legislative autonomy—they will see that a new State of American citizens should have the same rights in every respect as other American citi-zens. In 2014, we were very pleased to get the first official hearing ever in the Senate on D.C. statehood. There was a huge overflow crowd. They had to open up other rooms beyond where the hear-ing was held. The case for statehood was made by a number of witnesses at that hearing. The District was able to show that it has one of the strongest economies in the Nation. How many of my colleagues are from States that have a $12.5 billion budget, much less their districts? Because that is larger than the budget of 12 States. How many of my colleagues can boast for their States, much less their Dis-tricts, $2 billion in surplus, which has become the envy of the States? How many of my colleagues have per capita personal income as high as ours? None, because the per capita income— per person income—in the District of Columbia is higher than that of any State. Our total personal income per capita is higher than that of seven States. Our per capita personal con-sumption expenditure is higher than that of any State. Look at the growth in population with people coming in large numbers to live in the Nation’s Capital—one of the highest growth rates in population in the United States. In a city that was about 600,000, it has increased more than 50,000 since the last census, giving the District a larger population than two of our States that have two Sen-ators and one Representative—Wyo-ming and Vermont. Of course, there are many reasons statehood is very personal to me. If the bell rings for votes on bills, I cannot cast a vote for the more than 650,000 people I represent, though my constitu-ents pay more taxes per capita than those who do come to cast that vote. I feel it also very particularly when we have votes on any matter affecting war, like ISIL, because I have gone to the floor to debate matters of war a number of times since coming to Con-gress 25 years ago. I remember, for ex-ample, District residents who died in Iraq and Afghanistan, and I was not able to vote ‘‘aye’’ or ‘‘no’’ as they went off and got the vote for those in their jurisdictions. I remember the pur-ple fingers that showed that people had voted, while these District of Columbia residents, in having gotten the vote for others, came home and still did not have the vote. Mr. Speaker, this is an embarrassing anachronism that comes out of the 18th century. When the Framers, who were otherwise—I must say in virtually every other way—perfect, couldn’t fig-ure out what to do when the Capital was in Philadelphia and the Revolu-tionary War veterans marched on that Capital, they thought: well, we want to make sure the Capital is not a part of a State. What will we do with the Dis-trict of Columbia? They were not sure, but they said: we will retain some jurisdiction over the Capital in case we need to. You don’t need to—or let us say you do. There are 20 different Federal po-lice forces that help protect the local District of Columbia every single day. This is a figment of another era if we are talking about protecting the Cap-ital. In any case, it is impossible to lay to the Framers, who invented the slo-gan ‘‘no taxation without representa-tion,’’ that they meant the people who fought in that war, that Revolutionary War, were to come home and have no representation. b1330 Mr. Speaker, statehood has been very difficult for every State to achieve. The last two States were Alaska and Hawaii, and it took them each more than 50 years. It would have taken us much longer. So what the District did in voting 85 percent for statehood was to under-stand it has to fertilize on a continuing basis our effort to become equal citi-zens or it just won’t happen. This is a political matter and a moral matter, but the two mix. So we know we have to convince our colleagues, and we know everything depends on us. So that energy that comes out of that vote you will see manifest all next year. It has already raised the national profile for statehood for our country. Now, many, many Americans know that when they see me speak on the House floor does not mean I have the same rights as everyone else. My great-est frustration is that most Americans think that the Americans who live in the Nation’s Capital have the same rights they do. The statehood vote and the drive leading up to it, the statehood ref-erendum has helped many more Ameri-cans to understand that is not the case. There has never been a poll that showed anything but the desire of the American people that the people of the District of Columbia be treated equally with themselves. Mr. Speaker, Congress has two choices: It can continue to exercise au-thority over the American people who reside here in the Nation’s Capital, treating them—if I may quote the words of the great Frederick Doug-lass—as ‘‘aliens, non-citizens,’’ but sub-jects or it can take another course. This Congress can live up to the na-tional promise, the ideals that we all profess, and help the people of the Dis-trict of Columbia move toward equal citizenship, toward autonomy over their own budget, toward legislative autonomy, and finally toward state-hood as the 51st State of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4511. An act to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collec-tion of video and audio recordings of bio-graphical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, November 18, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7485. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final regulations — Teacher Preparation Issues [Docket ID: ED-2014-OPE-0057] (RIN: 1840-AD07) received November 1, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO7.054 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6298 November 17, 2016 
7486. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s Major final regulations — Student Assist-ance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Di-rect Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Program [Docket ID: ED-2015-OPE- 0103] (RIN: 1840-AD19) received November 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7487. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final regulations — Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, As Amended By the Every Students Succeeds Act —— Accountability and State Plans [Docket No.: ED-2016-OESE-0032] (RIN: 1810-AB27) received November 7, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 7488. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluxapyroxad; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0380; FRL- 9953-87] received November 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7489. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clean Air Act Redesigna-tion Substitute for the Dallas-Fort Worth 1- hour Ozone and 1997 8-hour Ozone Nonattain-ment Areas; Texas [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0721; FRL-9953-93-Region 6] received November 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7490. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Clean Air Act Redesigna-tion Substitute for the Houston-Galveston- Brazoria 1997 8-hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Texas [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0609; FRL- 9953-89-Region 6] received November 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7491. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Rescission of Preconstruction Permits Issued Under the Clean Air Act [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0782; FRL- 9954-88-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS56) received No-vember 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7492. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Rules for Reducing Particulate Emissions [EPA-R01-OAR-2016-0285; FRL-9953-83-Region 1] received November 4, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7493. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Determination of Full Program Adequacy of Washington’s Mu-nicipal Solid Waste Landfill Permitting Pro-gram [EPA-R10-RCRA-2016-0629; FRL-9928-27- Region 10] received November 4, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7494. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Office of Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedure for Commercial Packaged Boilers [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0006] (RIN: 1904-AD16) received November 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7495. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Office of Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program for Certain Commercial and Industrial Equipment: Test Procedure for Commercial Water Heating Equipment [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT-TP-0008] (RIN: 1904-AD18) re-ceived November 10, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 7496. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-092, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7497. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-009, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7498. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-089, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7499. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-068, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7500. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-051, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7501. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-038, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7502. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-076, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7503. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-062, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7504. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-621, ‘‘Constitution and Bound-aries for the State of Washington, D.C. Ap-proval Resolution of 2016’’, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7505. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator, Office of Procurement, National Aer-onautics and Space Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Revisions to Uniform Administrative Re-quirements, Cost Principles and Audit Re-quirements for Federal Awards (NASA Case 2015-N030) (RIN: 2700-AE29) received Novem-ber 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 7506. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Disaster As-sistance Loan Program; Disaster Loan Miti-gation, Contractor Malfeasance and Secured Threshold (RIN: 3245-AG78) received Novem-ber 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 7507. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s no-tice — Medicare Program; CY 2017 Part A Premiums for the Uninsured Aged and for Certain Disabled Individuals Who Have Ex-hausted Other Entitlement [CMS-8063-N] (RIN: 0938-AS71) received November 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 7508. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations and removal of temporary regula-tions — United States Property Held by Con-trolled Foreign Corporations in Transactions Involving Partnerships; Rents and Royalties Derived in the Active Conduct of a Trade or Business [TD 9792] (RIN: 1545-BJ48) received November 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7509. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Extension of the Expiration Date for State Disability Ex-aminer Authority to Make Fully Favorable Quick Disability Determinations and Com-passionate Allowance Determinations [Dock-et No.: SSA-2016-0014] (RIN: 0960-AH94) re-ceived November 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7510. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Medicaid Program; Cov-ered Outpatient Drug; Delay in Change in Definitions of States and United States [CMS-2345-IFC] (RIN: 0938-AT09) received No-vember 14, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7511. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Revi-sions to Payment Policies under the Physi-cian Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Part B for CY 2017; Medicare Advantage Bid Pricing Data Release; Medicare Advantage and Part D Medical Loss Ratio Data Release; Medicare Advantage Provider Network Re-quirements; Expansion of Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program Model; Medicare Shared Savings Program Requirements [CMS-1654-F] (RIN: 0938-AS81) received November 3, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 7512. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17NO7.000 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6299 November 17, 2016 
Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule and interim final rule — Medicare Program: Prospective Payment and Reporting Requirements for Organ Pro-curement; Transplant Outcome Measures; Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Programs; Nonexcepted Off-Campus Pro-vider-Based Department of a Hospital; Hos-pital Value-Based Purchasing (VBP) Pro-gram; Nonexcepted Items and Services Fur-nished by an Off-Campus Provider-Based De-partment of a Hospital [CMS-1656-FC and IFC] (RIN: 0938-AS82) received November 2, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 564. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to re-duce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–830). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 6336. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide grants for access to broadband telecommunications services in rural areas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 6337. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to the definition of urbanized area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 6338. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require corpora-tions to disclose to their shareholders the amounts disbursed for certain political ac-tivity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. P ITTS): H.R. 6339. A bill to limit the use of the Judgement Fund to settle any lawsuit aris-ing under section 1342 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6340. A bill to extend conflict of inter-est provisions to the President and Vice President of the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. CONYERS ): H.R. 6341. A bill to delay the amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6342. A bill to amend the Animal Wel-fare Act to restrict the use of exotic and wild animals in traveling performances; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 6343. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to encourage the sale of lo-cally and regionally produced agricultural products in underserved communities; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): H.R. 6344. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Federal land in Mohave County, Arizona, to qualified entities and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for him-self, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. B
ABIN): H.R. 6345. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the procedure to designate a foreign state, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
IND, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. K ILDEE ): H.R. 6346. A bill to require that States and units of local government that receive funds under subpart I of part E of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.) report informa-tion pertaining to hate crimes to the Attor-ney General for inclusion in the Uniform Crime Reports and National Incident-Based Reporting System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6347. A bill to extend for one year the program for priority review to encourage treatments for rare pediatric diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6348. A bill to extend for two years the program for priority review to encourage treatments for rare pediatric diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6349. A bill to require that ‘‘None of the Above’’ be provided as an option in gen-eral elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6350. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for energy-efficient existing homes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6351. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for new qualified fuel cell motor vehi-cles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6352. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the above-the-line deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6353. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for new qualified fuel cell motor vehi-cles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6354. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the above-the-line deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6355. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for energy-efficient existing homes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6356. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for alternative fuel vehicle refueling property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6357. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for alternative fuel vehicle refueling property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6358. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for biodiesel and renewable diesel used as fuel; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6359. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for biodiesel and renewable diesel used as fuel; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6360. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for energy efficient commercial build-ings; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6361. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for energy efficient commercial build-ings; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6362. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the Indian employment credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6363. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the Indian employment credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6364. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for certain qualified film and tele-vision and live theatrical productions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6365. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for energy efficient new homes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6366. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for energy efficient new homes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6367. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17NO7.000 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6300 November 17, 2016 
mine rescue team training credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6368. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the mine rescue team training credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6369. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for certain qualified film and tele-vision and live theatrical productions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. L
EVIN, and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.R. 6370. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 for purposes of the tax on private foundation excess business holdings to treat as outstanding any employee-owned stock purchased by a business enterprise pursuant to certain employee stock owner-ship retirement plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6371. A bill to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor posthumously to Doris Miller for acts of valor during the World War II while a member of the Navy; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 6372. A bill to amend the National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 to permit the construction of certain noise bar-riers with funds from the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-souri, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. C
LAY): H.R. 6373. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 6374. A bill to extend the Vietnam Service Medal to veterans of the Armed Forces who participated in the S.S. Maya-guez rescue operation; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. POMPEO (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 6375. A bill to provide for consider-ation of the extension under the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R EED, and Mr. V AN H
OLLEN ): H.R. 6376. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the energy effi-cient commercial buildings deduction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F
ARR, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L
EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R OYCE , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 6377. A bill to waive recoupment by the United States of certain bonuses and similar benefits erroneously received by members of the Army National Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. CRAMER ): H.R. 6378. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise the amount of minimum allotments under the Projects for Assistance in Transition from Homelessness Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. E LLISON ): H.J. Res. 102. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to abolish the electoral col-lege and to provide for the direct popular election of the President and Vice President of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RANGEL: H.J. Res. 103. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to abolish the electoral col-lege and to provide for the direct popular election of the President and Vice President of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H. Con. Res. 173. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress regarding re-consideration of the merits of awarding the Medal of Honor posthumously to Doris Mil-ler for acts of valor during World War II for which he was originally awarded the Navy Cross; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R OKITA , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
TUTZMAN , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H. Res. 928. A resolution honoring the life of Shimon Peres; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-self, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. H AHN, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mrs. H
ARTZLER ): H. Res. 929. A resolution expressing support for the goals of ‘‘National Adoption Day’’ and ‘‘National Adoption Month’’ by pro-moting national awareness of adoption and the children awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and encouraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PETERS: H. Res. 930. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of June 2016 as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Aware-ness Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Mr. POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. N
OLAN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H. Res. 931. A resolution supporting the designation of the week beginning November 14, 2016, as ‘‘National Apprenticeship Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
306. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Florida, relative to House Memorial 601, urging Congress to enact legislation to pro-mote economic recovery in the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 307. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Florida, relative to House Memorial 417, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. HULTGREN introduced a bill (H.R. 6379) for the relief of Lance N. Arm-strong; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 6336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17NO7.100 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6301 November 17, 2016 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 6337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4: ‘‘The times, places and manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but the Con-gress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators.’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ Amendment XVI: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without ap-portionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumera-tion. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 6339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 9 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 6340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Fourth Amendment of the United States By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6342. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 6343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 3 (relating to interstate commerce) By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause). Congress has the power to dis-pose of and make all needful rules and regu-lations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By virtue of this enumerated power, Congress has governing authority over the lands, ter-ritories, or other property of the United States—and with this authority Congress is vested with the power to all owners in fee, the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, convey, or simply preserve land. The Su-preme Court described this enumerated power as one ‘‘without limitation’’ in Kleppe v New Mexico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976). By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 6345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 6346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the US Constitution By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, and Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6350. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6351. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6352. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6353. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6354. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6355. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6356. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6357. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6358. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6359. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6360. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6361. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6362. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6363. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6364. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6365. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6366. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6367. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6368. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRAYSON: H.R. 6369. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 6370. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6371. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 6372. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 6373. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitu-tion, the power possessed by Congress em-braces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legis-lation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.024 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6302 November 17, 2016 
By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6374. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 1, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. POMPEO: H.R. 6375. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 6376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 6377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: National Guard Bonus Repayment and Fi-nancial Relief Act is constitutionally au-thorized under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 12, 13, 14, and 16, which grants Congress the power to pay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; raise and sup-port Armies, to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 6378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 6379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.J. Res. 102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the United States Constitu-tion, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two-thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. By Mr. RANGEL: H.J. Res. 103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 5 The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Pur-poses, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Ar-ticle; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 153: Mr. M ASSIE . H.R. 381: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1095: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1399: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1422: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1477: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 1530: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 1736: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1984: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2016: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2096: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 2449: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2737: Mr. L
AHOODand Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 2813: Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 2844: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 2858: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 2889: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. P RICE of North Caro-lina, and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3166: Mr. K
INDand Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3385: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3463: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 4298: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 4559: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 4880: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5090: Mr. L
ANCE , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 5240: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. W
ALZ, and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 5272: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5301: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 5369: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 5373: Mr. M
EEKS and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5474: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5586: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 5738: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 5745: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 5886: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 5951: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 6117: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 6148: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 6174: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 6176: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 6195: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 6208: Mr. K
INGof New York and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6241: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 6316: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 6319: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Con. Res. 160: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H. Con. Res. 165: Mr. H
ILL and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Con. Res. 168: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ONES , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L
EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V
ALADAO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mrs. D
INGELL . H. Con. Res. 171: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 540: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 776: Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. I
SRAEL , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H. Res. 867: Ms. N
ORTON and Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H. Res. 886: Mr. B
OST, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RAVES  of Missouri, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. B LUM, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. R EED, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn- sylvania, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. M ULVANEY , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. P INGREE , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. S IRES, Mr. R
EICHERT , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. P ERRY . H. Res. 887: Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
ONDA , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H. Res. 910: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 924: Mrs. D
INGELL . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
93. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Eastern Regional Conference, The Council of State Governments, relative to Resolution No. CA3016-01, urging the U.S. Congress to expeditiously pass, and the President to sign, the Promoting Travel, Commerce, and Na-tional Security Act of 2016; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 94. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-son, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging Congress to enact legislation that would allow state governments to refuse to accept refugees from outside of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO7.028 H17NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6425 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 2016 No. 165 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the source of our joy, in this season of gratitude, thank You for Your sustaining power and unsurpassed greatness. Lord, we borrow our heartbeats from You each day. Search the hearts of our lawmakers, guiding them with Your wisdom and empowering them with Your might. In all their labors, may they work for Your glory. Help them to stand true to what they believe, main-taining a clear conscience in all they think, do, and say. May they acknowl-edge You in every area of their lives, knowing that You will direct their path. Supply all their needs from Your glorious riches. We pray in Your gracious Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it has been a busy and exciting week as we have welcomed new Members, as-sembled our leadership teams for the 115th Congress, and gotten to work on important issues. Today we will have an opportunity to take up a bill that is particularly im-portant for Gulf Coast States like Lou-isiana. Senator CASSIDY has been a leader on this issue, and I appreciate the work he has done to bring this measure up for a vote. Sometime this session we will also take up an extension of the Iran Sanc-tions Extension Act, which passed the House overwhelmingly. This bipartisan bill will provide the basis for any sanc-tions that may be reimposed on Iran, which is critical, given the belligerent behavior exhibited by Tehran since the signing of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. I expect we will pass it on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis here as well. Discussions are also ongoing on how to fund the government and for how long, as I noted yesterday. I will have more to say on that issue as more de-tails are available. So we all have some work to do. Let’s get together to finish up the business of this Congress as we begin looking forward to the next. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TAKING RESPONSIBILITY TO HEAL WOUNDS Mr. REID. Mr. President, two days ago I came to the Senate floor and called upon the President-elect to rise to the dignity of his office. I called upon Mr. Trump to take responsibility for his rhetoric and his actions and to work to heal the wounds that he cre-ated. I am disappointed to say that our President-elect has chosen to do none of those things to this point. Mean-while, vile acts of hate and intimida-tion continue to occur all across Amer-ica. On Tuesday, I said that the Southern Poverty Law Center had reported 315 hate crimes since the election. As of Wednesday, that number jumped to 437. That is a 40-percent increase in 2 days. That is startling. Here are just a few examples of the instances that have been reported. In Michigan, a Latino family awoke to find that someone had used boxes to form a wall blocking their driveway. The perpetrators left behind vulgar graffiti that denigrated Mexican Amer-icans and praised Donald Trump for ‘‘taking back America.’’ In Tennessee, two men returned home to find a threatening homophobic note. Using gay slurs, the message told the men to go back where they came from. A folding knife with a picture of Donald Trump on the handle was stabbed through the paper. At a high school in Missouri, a 15- year-old African-American student was burned with a hot glue gun and told he didn’t belong in America. Another Afri-can-American student at the same school was told by a White student: ‘‘Are you ready to get back on the boat now that Trump is President?’’ This morning the Washington Post editorial board related this story of a student at Baylor: The morning after Donald Trump’s elec-tion as president, a student at Baylor Uni-versity had a nasty, hate-filled encounter on her way to class. A native of Zambia, she was called the n-word by another student, who shoved her off the sidewalk and said he was ‘‘just trying to make America great again,’’ the signature slogan of Mr. Trump’s cam-paign. What is perhaps most appalling about the incident is that it was not isolated. 
As I said, I picked just a few exam-ples. There are hundreds of these same kinds of things happening, as we speak, across the country. These are sick-ening acts of hate, prejudice, and just simple meanness, and they need to be stopped. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.000 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6426 November 17, 2016 
The Washington Post editorial board called on Donald Trump to do every-thing he can to bring these acts to an end. They said: 
Mr. Trump should pay heed. These hateful acts are the work of . . . his supporters, but they have been emboldened by the ugly rhet-oric of his presidential campaign. It is his re-sponsibility—not, as his campaign manager has foolishly suggested, President Obama’s or Hillary Clinton’s—to do as much as he can to discourage such actions. Granted, his ap-pointment of media mogul Stephen K. Bannon to a top White House job makes that all the more difficult. So does his mild re-sponse when asked about the threats and slurs on Sunday’s ‘‘60 Minutes’’ interview. 
He didn’t say much when he was pressed to do so. Mr. Trump promised in his victory speech to be a president for all Americans. His wife has said she wants to make fighting hate and bullying her main priority as first lady. They need not wait until Inauguration Day to start living up to those promises. 
I have several pages of hate-filled, awful incidents that have been re-ported. There is only one person that can bring a stop to this quickly, and that is the President-elect. Our Nation is looking at Donald Trump. For the sake of the American people, I hope he will. I ask unanimous consent that these pages be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: SOUTHERN POVERTY LAW CENTER HATE W
ATCH —UPDATE : MORETHAN400 I NCIDENTS  
OFHATEFUL HARASSMENT AND INTIMIDATION  S
INCE THE ELECTION  November 15, 2016 Between Wednesday, November 9, the day after the presidential election, and the morn-ing of Monday, November 14, the Southern Poverty Law Center collected 437 reports of hateful intimidation and harassment. The following reports were collected through news reports, social media, and di-rect submissions via SPLC’s #ReportHate page. These incidents, aside from news re-ports, are largely anecdotal. The SPLC did follow up with a majority of user submis-sions in an effort to confirm reports. As we reported earlier, many incidents involved di-rect references to the Trump campaign and its slogans. Here’s the overview: 
Most of the reports involved anti-immi-grant incidents (136), followed by anti-black (89) and anti-LGBT (43). Some reports (8) in-cluded multiple categories like anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant. The ‘‘Trump’’ category (41) refers to incidents where there was no clear defined target, like the pro-Trump van-dalism of a ‘‘unity’’ sign in Connecticut. We also collected 20 reports of anti-Trump in-timidation and harassment. Here are some examples from around the country: In Oregon: A Muslim woman was riding the Max to Beaverton in the early afternoon and a group of teenagers went to the corner of the car where she was sitting and got up in her face yelling at her that she was a terrorist, that our new president was going to deport her, that she can’t wear her hijab anymore. They got increasingly menacing, and my friend went over and made them get off the train. When they were leaving through the door they tried to spit on her. A gay man in North Carolina: My boyfriend and I were walking down the sidewalk in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was 9:30 PM, and we were holding hands and walking to a restaurant for dinner. A white car passed us and a white male in the back passenger-side seat leaned out the window and yelled, ‘‘F* * * f* * *!’’ at us. A Latina woman in Texas reported: I was walking my baby at my neighbor-hood park and a truck drove by with a male driving and a female passenger. The female yelled ‘‘white power’’ at us as they drove by and then sped away. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.001 S17NOPT1
Insert offset folio 60/A1 here ES171116.001rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6427 November 17, 2016 
Venues of harassment included K–12 schools (99), businesses (76), and universities (67). Common also was vandalism and leafleting on private property (40) and epi-thets and slurs hurled from moving vehicles (38). At an elementary school in Texas: My 13 yo half Filipino daughter was ap-proached by a child she didn’t know as she waited to board her bus after school. The young man stated ‘‘You’re Asian, right? When they see your eyes you are going to be deported’’ and he walked away. I reported this to my district Superintendent. From a news report in Georgia: A Gwinnett County high school teacher said she was left a note in class Friday tell-ing her that her Muslim headscarf ‘‘isn’t al-lowed anymore.’’ ‘‘Why don’t you tie it around your neck & hang yourself with it . . .,’’ the note said, signed ‘‘America!’’ Vandalism involving swastikas (35) was also frequently reported. In California: A swastika was spray painted on a bill-board for the movie ‘‘Almost Christmas,’’ which shows an African American cast. It appears that incidents are subsiding, al-though earlier incidents are still being re-ported: 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I see no one on the floor. So I ask the Chair to tell us the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
AMERICAN ENERGY AND CON-SERVATION ACT OF 2016—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 3110, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 543, S. 3110, a bill to provide for reforms of the ad-ministration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the de-velopment of geothermal, solar, and wind en-ergy on public land, and for other purposes. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
REMEMBERING SERGEI MAGNITSKY AND BORIS  
NEMTSOV  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, 7 years ago, in a squalid cell inside the prison that once held the political opponents of the Czars and the Soviets, Sergei Magnitsky was murdered for defying the tyranny of Vladimir Putin’s Rus-sia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.001 S17NOPT1
Insert offset folio 60/A2 here ES171116.002 Insert offset folio 60/A3 here ES171116.003rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6428 November 17, 2016 
Many Americans are not familiar with the life of this Russian patriot, but it was one life dedicated to and ul-timately sacrificed for principles that we all hold dear. Sergei Magnitsky was an unlikely hero in the cause of freedom. He didn’t spend his life as a human rights activ-ist or as an outspoken critic of the Russian Government. He was an ordi-nary man, but he became an extraor-dinary champion of justice, fairness, and the rule of law—principles that have lost their meaning in Putin’s Rus-sia. Magnitsky was a tax attorney work-ing for an international company that had invested in Russia. He blew the whistle on tax fraud and large-scale theft by Russian Government officials who had looted more than $230 million from the Russian state, but the Rus-sian Government blamed the crime on Magnitsky and his company. He was thrown into one of Russia’s harshest prisons without trial. Russian officials pressured Magnitsky to deny what he had uncovered, to lie and re-cant. He refused. He was sickened by what his government had done, and he refused to surrender principle to power. For his refusal, he was beaten and tor-tured. He was denied medical care. After 358 days in prison, he died in ex-cruciating pain on November 16, 2009. He was 37 years old. Even after his death, Russian courts convicted him of tax evasion in a show trial. Sergei Magnitsky’s torture and mur-der is an extreme example of a problem that is unfortunately all too common and widespread in Russia today—the flagrant violations of the rule of law and basic human rights committed by the Russian Government and its allies. Today I also remember my friend Boris Nemtsov, a true Russian patriot who committed his life to fighting against Putin’s tyranny and corrup-tion, and fighting for freedom, human rights, and the rule of law. In 2015, Boris was murdered on a bridge in the shadow of the Kremlin in one of the most secure parts of the Russian capital—another victim of the culture of impunity that Vladimir Putin has created in Russia, where in-dividuals are routinely persecuted and attacked for their beliefs, including by the Russian Government, and no one, no one, is ever held responsible. It has been said that in a time of uni-versal deceit, telling the truth is a rev-olutionary act. My friend Boris Nemtsov was a revolutionary and, without a doubt, Sergei Magnitsky was a revolutionary. He told the truth, and he gave his life for it. That is why, when the circumstances of Magnitsky’s death became known to the world, Congress acted to protect those still under attack for the crime of telling the truth in Putin’s Russia. In December 2012, Congress passed and the President signed the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act, which gives the Federal Govern-ment the ability to ban entry to and freeze the American assets of anyone ‘‘responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of internationally recognized human rights’’ committed against whistle-blowers or human rights activists in Russia. This important piece of legislation is a fitting tribute to Sergei Magnitsky, and it is a foundation on which we must continue to build. We must fully implement the Magnitsky Act by ex-panding its reach to more individuals who fit the criteria in the law, and we must pass the Global Magnitsky Human Rights and Accountability Act, which will provide new tools to hold perpetrators of corruption and human rights abuses accountable for their ac-tions around the world. The Senate has already passed this legislation, and I hope the House and Senate will soon have an opportunity to send Global Magnitsky to the Presi-dent’s desk when we consider the con-ference report on the Defense author-ization bill. Our message must be clear. If you violate the human rights and civil lib-erties of others, the United States will hold you accountable. By living up to that principle, we honor the life and memory of Sergei Magnitsky. Our Na-tion and free people everywhere must continue to draw strength from his ex-ample and, with that strength, renew our commitment to stand by those who carry on the fight for freedom around the world. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business on a matter related to privacy protection, to be succeeded by Senator R
ONWYDEN and, if he arrives during the time of our re-marks, by Senator D
AINES . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The remarks of Mr. C
OONS , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. D AINES pertaining to the introduction of S. 3475 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolu-tions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I am here to speak about the American En-ergy and Conservation Act, which we will be voting on today. I thank once more my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on this American Energy and Conservation Act of 2016. Yesterday, the senior Senator from Florida made some statements, and I would like to address some of those. The senior Senator from Florida sug-gested that developing America’s en-ergy resources off our coast is incom-patible or somehow conflicts with De-partment of Defense activities. Let’s be honest. Let’s just be honest. There have been oil and gas operations in the Gulf of Mexico for almost 80 years. Through all of this activity, in-dustry and the United States military have been able to coexist. As for future production off the Atlantic, I person-ally sat with representatives from the Department of Defense to discuss this issue. Their analysis showed that in President Obama’s original Atlantic Draft Proposed Program, less than 2 percent of the acreage was rec-ommended to not have oil and gas de-velopment because of operation con-flicts. Now, here sometimes it is ‘‘he said, she said’’ or ‘‘she said, he said.’’ This is objective. This is the DOD Mission Compatibility Planning Assessment re-garding the Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program from Oc-tober 30, 2015. That is where that 2 per-cent number comes from. The Amer-ican people deserve honesty. We should not mislead them. The senior Senator from Florida can vote as he wishes, but, again, Department of Defense op-erations are not an excuse. Secondly, the senior Senator from Florida suggested that he is looking forward to working with the new ad-ministration. Although he did not sup-port President Trump, he is looking forward to working with the new ad-ministration on behalf of the American people. Again, let’s be honest. If there is one thing that came out of this last election, it is that Americans want bet-ter jobs with better benefits. The last 8 years have been hard on working fami-lies. That is why they are desperate for these better paying jobs. It is fitting in that regard that we are voting on the American Energy and Conservation Act. This has been studied and is said to incentivize the creation of 280,000 new jobs by 2035. This legislation is ex-pected to trigger $194 billion in new capital investment in our economy, creating $51 billion in cumulative gov-ernment revenue for our Federal Gov-ernment and for States. Now, let’s be honest. If you are going to work with the new President, let’s work on programs that will create hun-dreds of thousands of good-paying jobs for Americans who need those jobs, as well as revenue to address debt, deficit, and other issues in our State and Fed-eral Government. Now, let’s also be honest. If America does not develop our natural resources, the vacuum will be filled with the likes of Iran, Venezuela, Russia, and Cuba— Cuba, which would like to drill off their coastline. Now, the choice is ei-ther to create good-paying jobs in the United States—off States like Virginia and North Carolina—or to forfeit these jobs abroad. By the way, the senior Senator from Florida gave the reason why Senators 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.004 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6429 November 17, 2016 
from mid-Atlantic States should vote for this. He spoke specifically about the billions of dollars in revenue that would come to States. He complains about it. If I were from Virginia and North Carolina or a Middle Atlantic State, I would say: My gosh, I get hun-dreds of thousands of new high-paying jobs and billions of dollars to address our States’ needs? I would be all about this. Now, there are different ideas about the future of energy in the United States, and this legislation does not discriminate. It includes language in-troduced by two Democrats and two Republicans—Senators H
ELLER , HEIN-
RICH, RISCH, and T ESTER —that stream-lines the process for developing renew-able energy on public lands and estab-lishes the first-ever revenue-sharing paradigm for renewables. For those who say we need to do something for carbon-free energy as well, this bill does so. The change would incentivize the production of 27,000 megawatts of carbon-free energy that the Bureau of Land Management estimates could be provided for these projects. Additionally, we bring offshore wind into the mix, by creating the first-ever revenue sharing for offshore wind, incentivizing the development of 4,233 gigawatts of carbon-free generation that, again, the Bureau of Land Man-agement estimates will be available for development off our coast. Now, some say they don’t want to look at develop-ment off their coastline. This would be 50 miles out—at least in the case of the oil rigs, 50 miles out. Your sight line stops somewhere around 25 miles, at most. So this would not be seen by any-one who is otherwise enjoying the beach. This legislation makes investment and conservation projects across the country. We included another bipar-tisan provision that provides an esti-mated $807 million for projects that in-crease access to public lands for hunt-ing, fishing, and other outdoor rec-reational activities. This provision was included in Senator M
URKOWSKI ’s Bi-partisan Sportsmen’s Act of 2015, which 24 Senators have cosponsored. The leg-islation makes investments in a vari-ety of important programs—important to Western States—including the Pay-ment in Lieu of Taxes Program. The bill also restores the traditional 50-percent onshore oil and gas State and Federal share for production on public lands, which the Obama admin-istration had reduced since 2010 to pay for spending elsewhere. Again, all of this is of particular importance to Western States. The American Energy and Conserva-tion Act of 2016 is supported by over 50 important stakeholder groups, includ-ing the National Association of Manu-facturers, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the American Chemistry Coun-cil, the American Petroleum Institute, the Western Energy Alliance, and the Consumer Energy Alliance. There is one more thing. It has been suggested by implication by the senior Senator from Florida that we are try-ing to open up acreage off the coast of Florida—that we are trying to open up acreage in general. We don’t open up any acreage at all offshore in this bill. All this does is say that if a new Presi-dent—President Trump—decides to have Outer Continental Shelf drilling, there would be a certain model of rev-enue sharing. But we absolutely do not open up new acreage. Again, that some-times seems to be implied. We need to be honest with the American people. All energy-producing States deserve to share the revenue derived from en-ergy developed both onshore and off-shore. Responsible revenue sharing al-lows States hosting energy production to mitigate for the historic and pro-spective infrastructure demands of en-ergy production. It just makes sense. They need more roads. It helps those States build the roads and allows States to make the strategic invest-ment needed to ensure for future gen-erations the resiliency of the infra-structure and for vital natural re-sources. I urge my colleagues to support pro-ceeding to the legislation so the Sen-ate’s voice can be heard on this impor-tant topic. Let’s be honest with the American people. This is about creating great jobs. It is about sharing revenue with States. It is not about opening up new acreage. It is thoroughly compatible with the Department of Defense’s mis-sion to protect our country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. GOVERNMENT SPENDING  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, Americans are concerned that we are over-spending. We are overspending by more than half a trillion dollars a year. That is more than $500 billion a year. Now, $500 billion sounds a lot more than half a trillion. As chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, one of the most important things that we focus on is oversight on what exactly the Federal Government spends its money on. This critical over-sight has been missing. It is critical that we follow the money because, as we say in the budget world, you can lie about the numbers, but the numbers never lie. Now, Congress evidently doesn’t have the time to allocate to see how the money is spent because it takes us so much time to allocate the money to be spent. In fact, in the last 40 years we have only had four times that the budget process has been finished by Oc-tober 1. The budget process for this year, which started October 1, still is not finished. We are under a continuing resolution for that. So that would leave it up to the administration. Any administration, any business is sup-posed to efficiently manage its area of responsibility. That hasn’t been hap-pening. Just to give an example of some re-sponsibility, I had one young man come to me and say: You know, the job that I do in the Federal Government doesn’t make any difference. Nobody ever uses what I produce. He said: I probably shouldn’t tell you this be-cause I will lose my job. I said: Well, I will do everything I can to see that you get promoted for doing what you are supposed to be doing. I want to give one small example of what I am talking about on oversight. Last October, a little known Federal agency called the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration hired a big-time public relations agen-cy to ask reporters for help ‘‘refining their agency messaging.’’ This PR firm asked the reporters to ‘‘keep the con-versation confidential’’ and not to ‘‘re-port anything discussed in the inter-view.’’ Naturally, that caught my at-tention. I immediately reached out to the Di-rector of the President’s Office of Man-agement and Budget to get more infor-mation on the individual agency’s con-tract and other such ‘‘messaging’’ ac-tivities conducted by the executive branch entities. Simply put, agency spending on ad-vertising, public relations, and media relations is largely a black hole, ac-cording to the recent Congressional Re-search Service report. No one really knows how much these agencies spend on trying to influence the American public about what a great job the gov-ernment is doing. Well, I can tell you that America is not buying it. It is hard to tell how much is spent and where the money is going, according to the CRS, which reports that agencies tend to have great discretion over how such funds are spent. Well, why do they have all that discretion? To my surprise, President Obama’s Director of the Office of Management and Budget not only did not know how much the government spends on public relations and advertising activities, but he also didn’t seem to care. That is because they don’t want the oversight responsibility. Remember that Presi-dent Obama’s administration was sup-posed to be the ‘‘most transparent ad-ministration’’ in history. As Congress and the American people have now learned, it has been anything but. But the bigger question was now raised: How much do Federal agencies spend on public relations and adver-tising? As Lewis Carroll famously wrote in Alice in Wonderland, ‘‘How far down does the rabbit hole go?’’ The reason this is so important is that Fed-eral law prohibits the use of appro-priated Federal funds for publicity or propaganda purposes. It was this pursuit of fiscal trans-parency that resulted in my request to the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, to investigate how much the Federal Government actually spends annually on advertising and public re-lations. What we found is a cautionary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.005 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6430 November 17, 2016 
tale of how little Congress and, pos-sibly, the administration actually un-derstand about what the Federal Gov-ernment spends its money on. It turns out this administration spends $1.5 billion annually on public relations and advertising. President Obama added hundreds of PR staffers between 2009 and 2011 to the thousands who already worked in these agencies, which cost hardworking taxpayers more than $500 million a year in em-ployee expense. These employees have an average salary of $90,000. This con-trasts with the average household in-come in America at almost $54,000. This information is crucial for pol-icymakers because America’s over-spending problem has created a mam-moth national debt of more than $19 trillion, on its way to almost $29 tril-lion in a few short years. We hardly have any years where overspending in that year doesn’t exceed half a trillion dollars—$500 billion. GAO notes that these salary and ad-vertising figures do not include the $100 million spent on private PR consult-ants to bolster the government’s PR ef-forts. The government also spends more than $800 million on contracts with outside advertising firms in 2015 alone to promote the administration’s policies, which when you total these numbers equals almost $1.5 billion. That is with a ‘‘b.’’ This is real money we are talking about. The question is, What do hardworking taxpayers get for this money? Some of it probably is es-sential advertising signs, military re-cruitment, et cetera, but is all of it es-sential and really needed? If they are doing a good job, will people not know? Certain agencies spend much more of their budgets on public relations and advertising than others. In fact, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau spent a higher percentage of its total budget on public relations and adver-tising than any other agency. I called it an agency. It is really not an agency of the Federal Government. We don’t have any oversight. We don’t have any review of the agency’s budget or Direc-tor. That money comes from the Fed-eral Reserve before their money goes to the Federal Government so it truly comes out of the money that can be spent on projects, but it is taken out so there can be no oversight over that agency. We got an inspector general ap-pointed to that agency, and he came back to say that we don’t have the right to take a look at anything there. How can that be a government agency? Recently, the Court said it is not. Why am I concentrating on $1.5 bil-lion? Remember the old saying: A bil-lion here, a billion there, and pretty quickly it runs into real money? Next year I look forward to holding additional hearings on this oversight issue and others in order to help Amer-ican families understand where their taxes are being spent and what they are getting for their money. If Amer-ican taxpayers see waste out there, I hope they are calling my office or other offices to let them know about it. Evidently, we are going to have to have it come from the bottom up because it is not coming from the top down. It is time for the Federal Govern-ment to become more efficient, effec-tive, and accountable. If government programs are not delivering results, they should be improved, and if they are not needed, they should be elimi-nated. Americans who work every day to provide for their families and pay their taxes understand it is time for the Federal Government to live within its means, just like they do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, we are going to vote on a very important piece of legislation later on this afternoon. This is a bill that is going to move rev-enues from 46 States to 4 States. This is no small thing. Let me just tell you a little bit about what this bill will do. The revenue generated from oil and gas drilling on Federal lands offshore is one of the largest nontax revenue streams for the Federal Government. These oil and gas resources on public lands offshore belong to all of the American people. They are public re-sources that belong as much to some-one living in Massachusetts, Kansas, or California as they do to someone in Louisiana or in Texas. These are re-sources that should help every Amer-ican, not just a select few. The revenue generated from these public resources goes to the Federal Treasury to help pay for Medicare, Medicaid, education, our Defense De-partment. It helps to pay for every-thing, including reducing our Federal deficit. However, in 2006, the four Gulf States—Louisiana, Alabama, Mis-sissippi, and Texas—succeeded in pass-ing a law that is going to direct an ever-increasing share of these offshore drilling revenues away from the Fed-eral Treasury to just those four States. By redirecting this revenue, that 2006 law is going to take money that should benefit taxpayers in all 50 States and send it instead to just 4 States. How much money are we talking about? In that 2006 law, over the next 60 years, it is projected to send $190 bil-lion away from the Treasury, away from the 46 other States, other than the 4 that are Texas, Louisiana, Mis-sissippi, and Alabama. That is the problem. Those are the numbers from the Department of the Interior—$190 billion. Now the Gulf States are com-ing back for more. The legislation we will vote on today would divert an ad-ditional $5.4 billion over the next 40 years away from 46 States and to the 4 Gulf States. That is on top of the $190 billion, which they are already going to get. If you come from one of these four States, you should absolutely vote for this bill today. You should put out a press release today touting your sup-port for this legislation. If you can pass legislation to take an additional $5 bil-lion directly from the pockets of the taxpayers in the other 46 States and send it to your States, that will be one of your greatest legislative victories of your career. If you come from the other 46 States, there is no reason in the world that you should support this legislation to take even more money from your tax-payers and send it to Louisiana, Texas, Alabama, and Mississippi. That is all we are talking about—a massive wealth transfer from 46 States to those 4 States. At a time when my friends on the other side of the aisle are saying we need to cut spending to crucial pro-grams that help our seniors, help low- income Americans, and help students, we simply can’t afford to divert $190 billion away from our national prior-ities and to the Gulf States. We cer-tainly can’t afford to divert $5 billion more as the legislation before us today would do. The proponents of this legislation argue this revenue is needed to pay for past and future infrastructure demands and to ensure the resiliency of natural resources. The Gulf States have al-ready been getting revenue from off-shore drilling in waters near their States for decades, and now most of the fines—$20 billion from the BP oilspill— are, rightly, going to the Gulf States that were affected by this catastrophe. We should fund coastal restoration and climate resiliency as a big issue for all States, but this legislation is not about our eroding beaches and wet-lands; it is about eroding our ability to pay for our national priorities. This legislation would go even fur-ther by trying to bribe other cash- strapped States into allowing expanded drilling off the east coast and in other areas offshore. We haven’t passed a sin-gle law to improve the safety of off-shore drilling following the BP oilspill, but this legislation would try to incentivize new areas to drill in and to risk ultimately a spill off one of those States’ coasts. Fishing off the east coast produces roughly $1.75 billion in direct value for our States and more than $4 billion in total economic activity each year. Tourism on the east coast generates hundreds of billions of dollars in addi-tional economic activity and supports an estimated 800,000. That is what we would be putting at risk on the east coast, as this bill would do. As we learned from the BP oilspill, offshore spills don’t respect State boundaries. We would have no protections whatso-ever. 
OPIOD CRISIS  
Mr. President, I would like to take the remainder of my time and talk about what I believe is the most impor-tant task facing this Congress in the lameduck session—providing funding to combat the opioid crisis that has spread all across our country. Last year, Senator M
CCONNELL of Kentucky and I called on the Surgeon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.006 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6431 November 17, 2016 
General of the United States to issue a Surgeon General’s report and a call to action on prescription opioid and her-oin abuse. We both believed the Fed-eral Government needed to document and outline a national effort to address this opioid crisis. Today, Surgeon General Vivek Murthy released a new report, ‘‘Facing Addiction in America,’’ and I thank him and his staff for their efforts. This report should serve as a call to all Americans to change the way we ad-dress substance misuse and substance use disorders in America. As a nation, we must approach and treat addiction like the disease it is. The physical toll addiction takes on Americans makes this a health impera-tive. The costs of addiction to society make this an economic imperative, and the human duty to provide care and hope for those suffering from addiction makes this a moral imperative punctu-ation. In order to get help for all of the families who are suffering from opioid addiction, the Federal Government needs to invest in funding treatment and recovery programs now. So far, I am sad to report that Congress has failed in this task. When I am home in Massachusetts, I hear enormous frustration from people who don’t feel adequate resources are being brought to bear on this epidemic of prescription drug, heroin, and fentanyl addiction. Countless individ-uals and families suffering with addic-tion cannot find a bed for detox. Then, when they are at their most vulner-able, they cannot find a place, a pro-vider, or a behavioral support team for long-term treatment and recovery. To our everlasting credit, this past May, my colleague Senator J
EANNE  S
HAHEEN introduced legislation to in-fuse a one-time payment of $600 million in emergency funding to combat this crisis. We were denied. Then, again in July, I and others argued on the Senate floor for the need to invest $1.1 billion into opioid treatment and recovery programs over 2 years. Again, we were denied. We passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, but a vision without funding is just a hallucination. We will not save lives and stop this scourge of addiction with just words and promises. I stand here again today to call on my colleagues and both parties to come together and pass legislation that in-cludes immediate, massive funding to combat this ever-worsening opioid cri-sis. Nearly 30,000 people in the United States died from an opioid overdose in 2014. Over the last few years Massachu-setts, which is mirrored in numbers across the rest of the country, has seen a dramatic increase in the number of deaths related to opioids. In 2014, 1,400 people were estimated to have died in the State of Massachu-setts from an opioid addiction. Last year the number went up to 1,700 peo-ple who were estimated to have died from an opioid addiction. In 2016, it is estimated that that number is going to go up to 2,000 people who will die this year from opioid overdoses, heroin, fentanyl, carfentanil. Here is the inter-esting number. Just from last year to this year, the number of deaths that are estimated to be related to fentanyl has risen to 1,500. Out of those 2,000 people, it is estimated that 1,500 people in Massachusetts alone will die from opioid overdoses. That is a dramatic rise to 75 percent of all opioid deaths in our State in 1 year. That is up from 57 percent of the deaths last year that would be related to fentanyl in the blood system of those who had toxi-cology exams after they died from an opioid overdose. Let’s take those numbers and project them. If 2,000 people die in Massachu-setts this year—and Massachusetts is 2 percent of the population of the United States of America—and all you did was multiply that number by 50 to get the entire country, that would mean that 100,000 people will die this year from an opioid overdose in America—100,000. This problem is not as huge in the rest of the country as it is in Massa-chusetts and several other States, but we are a preview of coming attractions. We have to make sure we put in place the programs that are going to help these families deal with this issue. Let’s put that number in context for the entire country. We have 41,000 women who die each year from breast cancer. If we don’t stop this, we are on pace to having as many as 100,000 peo-ple die from opioid overdoses every sin-gle year, which is the same as having two Vietnam wars worth of people dying in our country every single year. We need to declare war on this epi-demic. We need to put the treatment and prevention programs in place. Thus far we have not provided the resources to the States, cities, towns, families, and community health care centers to be able to deal with this issue. Right now in America there are more than 2.5 million people who are depend-ent upon opioids, but only a very small percentage of them will get the treat-ment they need and deserve. Our coun-try should be providing for those fami-lies. I believe history is going to judge this Congress on the question of how well we responded to this epidemic, on whether or not we heard the cries of these families across the country to provide them with the treatment they need. This is an epidemic that began because the pharmaceutical industry sold a bill of goods to the Food and Drug Administration and the American people that these prescription drugs were not, in fact, addictive. Physicians across our country turned a blind eye, and, in fact, rejected man-datory training so they could correctly prescribe opioids. Now it is 20 years later, and this prescription drug epi-demic that morphed into a heroin epi-demic has now morphed into a fentanyl epidemic, and fentanyl is infinitely more dangerous than heroin and pre-scription drugs. We have a moral responsibility here on the floor to provide massive new funding in any legislation we pass over the next 3 weeks that leaves this Chamber. We cannot, on a bipartisan basis, ignore the magnitude of this challenge. Otherwise, we are going to come back here next year and the year after and the year after, and we are ul-timately going to see millions of peo-ple die from this epidemic, and history will wonder why we did not do enough to deal with it. It is the job of this Con-gress to begin to provide the massive funding that the States, cities, towns, and families need to deal with this issue. I thank the Presiding Officer for my time on the floor, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to the bill that is before us today. We hear a lot of nice rhetoric coming from the pro-ponents of this legislation. We hear that the bill is about revenue sharing. We hear that the funds will be used for conservation and coastal restoration. We hear that the bill is about providing parity, and at the same time, there is a lot of rhetoric, but underneath the rhetoric and the rosy picture being painted, one thing is clear: This bill isn’t about conservation or infrastruc-ture or environmental restoration. This bill is about one thing and one thing only: another giveaway to Big Oil. It is about paving the way for oil drilling up and down the Atlantic coast. It is about expanding drilling in the gulf, even as those communities work to recover from the BP disaster. It is about turning the Arctic wilder-ness from a wildlife haven into an oil field. We have seen this from the majority before—a legislative agenda focused on giving handout after handout to Big Oil no matter what the cost to our con-stituents. The majority party, the party of so-called fiscal conservatism, has no problem breaking out the checkbook when it is time to give bil-lions of dollars of tax subsidies to oil companies. They see no issue with cap-ping the oil industry’s liability for the economic costs of offshore oil spills at $134 million—for spills that we know can cost tens of billions of dollars, but their liability is limited at $134 mil-lion. They are all too eager to lift the crude oil export ban, shipping U.S. re-sources and refining jobs overseas, and now we have a bill before us that is de-signed to make it easier to drill in the Arctic, gulf, and Atlantic. This bill doesn’t just line the pockets of oil ex-ecutives; it takes away revenues from the U.S. Treasury and increases the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.008 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6432 November 17, 2016 
deficit by $7 billion in the long term— a $7 billion debt that we are signing over to our children and grandchildren, along with a shoreline full of oil rigs. We have a responsibility in Congress to make better for future generations and not to leave them with a dirty, costly legacy based on the fuels of the past, but serving future generations doesn’t help oil companies in the short term, and the majority party has made their choice clear. We have seen this before. Yet it is hard not to be surprised by the timing. We are one week past an elec-tion where my colleagues on the other side of the aisle campaigned on prom-ises to ‘‘drain the swamp’’ and break the mold in Washington and free gov-ernment from the powerful special in-terests. What is the first bill we debate on the Senate floor after that election? Another giveaway to Big Oil, one of the most powerful special interests in Washington. Unfortunately for voters who bought into the campaign rhetoric, it is very clear who the majority party is here to serve in Washington. It is not the peo-ple who elected them; it is the same corporations and special interests that have set the public agenda for years, and that agenda doesn’t come without costs. Drilling for oil is a risk-reward prop-osition. All of the risk is on the backs of our shore communities, and all of the reward goes to Big Oil. For New Jersey, those risks are substantial. An oil spill in the Atlantic would dev-astate our tourism industry, which generates $38 billion a year and sup-ports nearly half a million jobs—nearly 10 percent of the State’s entire work-force. An oil spill in the Atlantic would destroy one of the largest saltwater recreational fishing industries in the Nation. Just in our State, it would jeopardize over 50,000 jobs in the sea-food industry. An oil spill would sink the value of $700 billion worth of coast-al properties, family homes, and small businesses. The people I have met on the Jersey Shore are some of the most hard-work-ing, resilient people I have ever known. These are people who, even today, are rebuilding their lives and livelihoods in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. These are the fishermen who wake up at 5 in the morning and spend the day work-ing their fingers to the bone to provide for their families. These are the shore businesses that depend on a summer tourism season to meet their expenses throughout the year. The last thing they need is the threat of an oilspill wiping out their businesses, hard work, and ability to provide for their fami-lies. The oil companies that would benefit from this bill don’t need our help. Large oil companies—even with gas prices as low as they are—are making annual profits the likes of which the people on the Jersey Shore will not see in a lifetime. Those people have been working to make their voices heard. I am proud there are currently 11 other Senators who have cosponsored my bill to permanently ban drilling in the Atlantic, but I am even more proud that thousands of my constituents have taken the time to email, call my office, or become citizen cosponsors of the bill. Many of them shared their thoughts on why we should ban Atlan-tic drilling. Charles from Toms River wrote: ‘‘We already have shoreline concerns thanks to Superstorm Sandy. We definitely don’t need another threat to our econ-omy.’’ Jeanne from New Brunswick wrote: ‘‘Tourism is a major New Jersey busi-ness. Our beaches are pristine and must be protected.’’ Leopoldine from Highland Park wrote: ‘‘I would rather give up my car to save on oil consumption than give up the Jersey Shore.’’ My constituents are not alone. There are 120 municipalities up and down the Atlantic coast that have opposed off-shore drilling and the seismic blasting used to locate oil deposits. Over 1,200 elected officials have done the same. They have been joined by an alliance of over 12,000 businesses and 500,000 fish-ing families. Their opposition to off-shore drilling transcends political boundaries and geographic boundaries alike. It unites local chambers of com-merce with environmental advocates. We are hearing the same message, whether it is from a beach town in Georgia, a homeowners association in Delaware, or the North Carolina Coun-cil of Churches: Not on our shores. The people who elected us have spoken clearly, and we in this Chamber should be listening. This past March, President Obama made it clear that he was listening when he fully removed the Atlantic Ocean from the 5-year oil and gas leas-ing plan. This was an important vic-tory, but it was only a temporary vic-tory. It is clear by the Senate’s consider-ation of the legislation before us today that lining the pockets of big oil execu-tives is going to remain a top priority for the majority party. We must do ev-erything in our power to stand up to the oil industry, protect our coastal communities, and fight for the people whose lives depend on a vibrant shore economy. That is why today I am calling on President Obama to use his authority under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to permanently ban drilling in the Atlantic Ocean. The authority was given to the President by Congress to permanently protect coastal waters from oil and gas drilling, while still al-lowing for important economic activi-ties such as fishing, shipping, and de-veloping offshore wind energy. Unlike a traditional Executive order, this des-ignation cannot be undone by a future administration. It would ensure that the rights of our shore communities— to run their businesses, to vacation with their families, to fish in clean coastal waters—are protected for gen-erations to come. It would continue the administration’s commitment to pre-serving our environment, to protecting public health, and to strengthening global economies. It is not just the Atlantic that de-serves this protection; I also hope that President Obama gives the same con-sideration to the Arctic Ocean. The Arctic is a fragile ecosystem depended on by subsistence hunters and diverse wildlife. Extreme cold and harsh weather conditions make an Arctic oil-spill both more likely and harder to clean up. Declaring the Atlantic and the Arctic off limits to Big Oil is a step the Presi-dent can take immediately to show that we as a nation are committed to the future of our shore towns, our beaches, and our environment, and to being good stewards of the land for fu-ture generations of Americans. Our public lands should be just that— public assets that are part of our na-tional heritage. This Presidential ac-tion will ensure that we treat them that way instead of monetizing them to build profits for the oil industry. To me, the decision on offshore drill-ing is a simple question of values. I value the generations of families who spend their vacations on the Jersey Shore. It is a birthright. I value the small businesses and fishermen who have built and sustained a thriving shore economy against all odds in the wake of Superstorm Sandy. I value having clean coastal waters, which are home to diverse and rich ecosystems. I value the commitment New Jerseyans have for a clean energy future. Drilling in the Atlantic is antithetical to any of these values. And it is because of those values that I intend to stand with the millions of Americans who have raised their voices and delivered the message to big oil: Stay off our shores. I look forward to working with my colleagues and my constituents in the coming weeks to secure a permanent drilling ban for the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans. It will be a lasting message for future generations that we are not willing to sell the future of their econ-omy or the future of their environment for short-term profits. It is a fight worth having, and it is one I believe we can win. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, soon we will have a chance to vote on the American Energy and Conservation Act, a bill that has been championed by our colleague from Louisiana—actu-ally, both of them, Senators C
ASSIDY  and V
ITTER —and they have done a ter-rific job of getting us to this point where we are voting on this important piece of legislation. This bill is about as straightforward as it can get. It incentivizes American energy production through revenue sharing agreements with the Federal Government. This is important because States like mine—especially along the gulf coast—spend an awful lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.010 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6433 November 17, 2016 
money investing in infrastructure to support an industry that benefits not just our States, not just the region, but the entire country. It is time to bal-ance these costs with reasonable rev-enue sharing agreements such as we have struck in the past. Given that these States produce a big portion of the oil and gas our entire Nation needs to keep the lights on, it is only right that these States should benefit from some modest revenue sharing. This leg-islation would make sure that is pos-sible. So I hope our colleagues will sup-port it when we vote on it shortly. 
ENERGY POLICY  
This legislation is a good example of the kind of energy policy that a new Congress can put forward next year and actually have the prospect of being signed into law under a new adminis-tration, under a new President. One of the things I think I have ob-served about the Obama administra-tion is that while the President claims to be ‘‘all of the above’’ in terms of his outlook on energy, he really isn’t. He is into picking winners and losers. One of the reasons many people in coal-pro-ducing regions in our country felt be-trayed by his policies and by the Presi-dent was reflected in the outcome of the vote. In West Virginia, for example, I think Mrs. Clinton got 27 percent of the vote in a State that previously had been predominantly a Democratic State. That is because many people felt as though their very livelihood had been taken from them as a result of the regulatory overreach and, frankly, what they call—and I think appro-priately so—the War on Coal. But, as I said, ‘‘all of the above’’ is actually the right policy; it is just that I don’t think President Obama ever really meant it. A lot of folks try to paint with broad strokes about energy: Either you are on the side of the environment, climate change, or you are on the side of inno-vation and new technologies, or you are on the side of traditional oil and gas development. I would dare say—and this may come as a surprise to some of my col-leagues—that Texas actually produces more clean energy from wind than any other State in the Nation. I know we are known as an oil and gas State, and that is true, but we really do embrace an ‘‘all of the above’’ strategy. As a re-sult, I think it has really helped our economy stay ahead of the national economy, even during tough economic times for the country. So we can have literally an ‘‘all of the above’’ policy, including one that works well for the environment. As a matter of fact, be-cause of fracking and horizontal drill-ing and the ability to produce more natural gas in the United States, we have actually seen emissions into the environment come down dramatically because more people are opting for nat-ural gas rather than other fuel sources. So this is, frankly, a win/win propo-sition. We know that, as I said, Texas is known as leading the way in oil and gas production, and this fact was un-derlined and emphasized just this last week when the U.S. Geological Survey announced that one shale formation in the Permian Basin near Midland-Odes-sa contained the largest estimate of continuous oil that they have ever sur-veyed in our country. This should give us a little bit of humility when it comes to making long-term pre-dictions. I don’t know whether it was 10, maybe 15 years ago, there was some discussion about something called peak oil. In other words, the argument was that we had basically discovered all of the oil and gas there was to discover and there wasn’t any more out there. This just shows how time and time again people underestimate the initia-tive and the ingenuity of our entre-preneurs and the people who work hard, including our scientists, to create new technologies to help us move for-ward. That is why I am optimistic about our country as long as we don’t stand in the way of those innovators and those entrepreneurs. In Texas we have learned that the best policies sometimes are just to get the government out of the way, off our back, out of our way, with its hand out of our pocket, and frankly, let the ex-perts do their jobs with limited bureau-cratic influence. That is something the whole country can benefit from, and I am hopeful that during this new ad-ministration under President-Elect Trump, working with Republican ma-jorities in both Houses, we can begin to untangle the stranglehold the regu-latory state has imposed on so much of our economy, whether it is in the banking industry—I see the chairman of the Banking Committee here, and he knows this hot topic well. The regula-tions put on our small businesses, on our energy producers—all of this has stunted the sort of normal economic rebound we would see following a reces-sion like we had in 2008. I am looking forward to getting a lot done to help free up our Nation’s econ-omy and in particular by promoting our Nation’s energy resources. We used to think of natural resources as a tre-mendous benefit and a comparative ad-vantage one nation has over another, but I have to tell my colleagues that we have squandered those natural ad-vantages we have had in this country by not unleashing this sleeping giant of American energy. It is not just important to our econ-omy, it is important to our national se-curity and the world order. As we all know, in Europe and elsewhere, people like Vladimir Putin use energy as a weapon. When people have a sole source of energy and it is from Russia and he can turn it off and on at his whim, that creates a lot of problems for them and, frankly, keeps them from asserting themselves in the world order. But by providing export capacity like we did with lifting the export ban on oil in December and, hopefully, doing the same thing with liquefied natural gas—something we have an abundance of, cheap, liquefied natural gas—we can provide an alternative en-ergy supply to countries in Europe and around the world. So we need to seize this opportunity to reform the regulatory process. We need to address the renewable fuel standard, which is not working for any-body, and we need to build on the en-ergy renaissance occurring in States such as North Dakota and Texas and States that take a pro-growth, pro-en-ergy outlook. I am proud of the energy-friendly en-vironment in my State. The Texas ex-ample proves that we can take advan-tage of the natural resources that God blessed us with to help consumers, to help seniors, to help people on fixed in-comes, and we can do this without damaging the environment. We can ac-tually do it and improve the environ-ment, as we have seen in the case of natural gas production and use taking the place of other forms of energy pro-duction, and a reduction in emissions occurring consistently as well. So it is time we take this know-how to the rest of the country. I want to make it clear that making our energy sector stronger is so essen-tial because it benefits everyone. No. 1, it creates jobs. It creates benefits for families who are provided for by those jobs. It helps daily commuters out on the road with affordable energy. It also helps small businesses do what they can do to keep the lights on, not to mention the jobs, as I said a moment ago, created by a healthy energy indus-try. With the election that occurred on November 8, with the Republicans in the majority in both Houses and now with President-Elect Trump coming into the White House, we can make real strides in energy innovation and production. It is really a historic op-portunity, if we think about it. I look forward in the future to discussing even more ideas about how we can cap-italize on our Nation’s energy re-sources for everyone’s benefit. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
HONORING JOHNNY MICHAEL SPANN  
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life and the legacy of an Alabama patriot and American hero, Johnny Michael Spann. Nearly 15 years ago, on November 25, 2001, while fighting on behalf of our grateful Nation, Mike made the ulti-mate sacrifice to our country in north-ern Afghanistan. Mike Spann served as a U.S. Marine officer and then later with the CIA, when he became the first U.S. combat casualty in the War on Terror in Afghanistan. As Americans we honored the sac-rifices made by those who have served and defended our Nation on Veterans Day last week. Mike Spann is one of the heroic Americans who ran towards danger, putting his life on the line to fight for our freedom. Mike Spann was dedicated to combating the tyranny, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.012 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6434 November 17, 2016 
oppression, and terror that would be inflicted on the world by the Taliban and others who share their goals. He gave his life to a noble undertaking, and our Nation will be forever indebted to him and his family for his service. It is my honor to offer my deep ap-preciation and gratitude to Mike Spann for his willingness to put him-self in harm’s way to protect the val-ues and freedoms that we hold dear. His life exemplified honor and courage, and he will always be remembered for his great sacrifice. As the Director of Central Intel-ligence said at Mike’s funeral, ‘‘May God bless Mike Spann, an American of courage, and may God bless those who love and miss him, and all who carry on the noble work that he began.’’ We should not forget Mike Spann and others like him. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in strong support of S. 3110, the American En-ergy and Conservation Act. I would like to thank my colleague from Lou-isiana for introducing it, and I would also like to thank all of the Members who are cosponsoring it with us. I cer-tainly thank Leader M
CCONNELL for scheduling a vote on it this morning. I would like to begin by providing a little bit of context for why this legis-lation is necessary before I move into specifics of what it contains. For literally centuries in Alaska, we have relied upon balanced and environ-mentally responsible resource develop-ment. Whether it is fish, game, our mineral resources such as copper or gold, timber, our marine mammals, or oil that was used to waterproof ocean- going vessels, resources have been ex-tracted or harvested relatively lightly for thousands of years but more inten-sively harvested and extracted over the last 100 years. This resource extraction has fed us, it has housed Alaskans, and it has allowed us to sustain a life in of-tentimes a very harsh but, without question, an extraordinarily beautiful environment. In the last few years, resource ex-traction has become strategically and economically important to the liveli-hoods of all Americans. We have care-fully regulated our resource extraction and protected our environment, and today millions of tourists from all over the world come to Alaska to view na-ture and look at the amazing land-scapes that are hard to find anywhere else in the world. Some might say that it is a con-tradiction to have resource extraction on the level that we have in Alaska— providing oil resources, mineral re-sources—and still have this amazing place that people from around the world want to see. Our State has truly managed to balance accessing our re-sources while still maintaining the en-vironment and the natural beauty that makes us who we are. I think many here are aware that Alaska is this amazing place, but what I am about to say should not surprise or amaze people. A majority of the residents living in Alaska’s Arctic, a majority of the tribal governments, a majority of Alaska’s Native corpora-tions representing Alaska’s Natives who live in the Arctic, a majority of residents statewide, a supermajority of our State legislature, our Governor, and every Member of the Alaska con-gressional delegation whole-heartedly support oil and gas development in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas. I know that the President, the Sec-retary of the Interior, and the team that is responsible for developing a leasing program for Alaska’s Outer Continental Shelf have all heard this support because, believe me, we have made sure that they have. So I am hop-ing that the news reports I have just heard—as I walked onto the Senate floor—from a reporter about rumors that the administration intends to put off-limits the Beaufort and Chukchi in this upcoming 5-year OCS lease plan. I hope the news reports are wrong. I hope they are nothing more than a rumor. I hope the administration will see reason and that it will allow new lease sales to proceed in the Arctic as is clearly the desire of the vast major-ity of Alaskans. This is not the only step that this ad-ministration should take. When re-sponsible resource production does begin in the Alaska OCS, the 96-year- old Federal policy of sharing resource revenues with the States hosting this development must also apply. The Mineral Leasing Act of 1920 es-tablished this policy for Federal on-shore revenue sharing at a time when there was very little offshore produc-tion occurring in our country. That policy has not forced resource develop-ment on States that are not interested, but instead it recognizes that the de-velopment requires infrastructure that counties and State governments pay for. Congress realized in 1920 that we need to share the revenues from resource de-velopment to help local and State gov-ernments with the impacts of these ac-tivities. This policy has nationwide benefits from the east to the west, from the north to the south. Just in the past 10 years, residents of Michigan have received $5.7 million of shared Federal revenues. Missouri residents have received $30.6 million. Residents of Nevada have received $108.6 million. I have full confidence that these States and counties put those dollars to tre-mendous productive use and certainly do not have any interest in parting with them. What we are considering today with the legislation that we will vote on shortly is an effort to expand Federal revenue sharing to offshore areas. It is time to do just that. This is a matter of simple fairness. At its core, it is a matter of simple fairness. Offshore pro-duction should be no different than on-shore production. No other State will bear the burden of development like we will. Most will only see the end result of it. They will see the benefits that come from it—the benefits that come with affordable fuel coming out of the pump at their local gas station, for in-stance. But those who host the devel-opment will bear the burden of devel-opment, and in Alaska we are willing to bear that burden. This legislation has been carefully crafted to apply only to States where responsible OCS development is sup-ported. That is important to reinforce. We are not pushing this on those who do not want development. The legisla-tion applies only to States where re-sponsible OCS development will sup-port it. So if a Senator is not inter-ested in this development, we have re-spected their views and left their State out of this legislation. This is only about revenue sharing. Our bill will not open any new offshore areas to energy development. So those that would sug-gest that this is a Pandora’s box, well that is clearly not the case. We are talking about the revenue sharing that will come to those who support the de-velopment offshore. It will not force any State to develop its resources if that State does not want to do it. Flor-ida is a good example. Florida would see no different treatment after the passage of this bill. What the American Energy and Con-servation Act will do is to make our policies equitable so that the States that bear the burden of development are finally allowed to share in the gov-ernment’s rewards. This is true for both conventional energy such as oil and gas as well as the renewables that many Members of this Chamber claim to support. In addition to allowing offshore rev-enue sharing for Alaska and the Middle Atlantic States, we have also incor-porated a number of priorities that this Senator believes the Senate would do well to approve. Some of these priorities are pretty important to us. We have a small fund-ing stream to increase sportsmen’s ac-cess to Federal areas for hunting, fish-ing, and similar activities. We have in-cluded additional funding streams for energy research and to reduce the de-ferred maintenance backlog at the Na-tional Park Service. This is something so many of us have talked about—how to achieve the funding necessary to re-duce the backlog at the National Park Service. This will help them. It also provides a funding stream for TIGER grants at the Department of Transpor-tation. We fund a tribal resilience program. This is very important to us in my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.014 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6435 November 17, 2016 
State of Alaska, to ensure that our Na-tive communities have the ability to adapt to a changing climate and to in-vest in critical infrastructure. If coast-al erosion is impacting this, whether it is the water infrastructure in a place like Barrow, whether it is the need for an emergency evacuation route for a community such as Shismaref or Kivalina or relocation, this can help to facilitate this with our Tribal Climate Resilience Program. We have also dedicated revenues to the PILT program, which has become a chronic funding challenge. If you vote for this bill, what you are voting for is a more rational energy policy for our country. You are also voting for sports-men’s rights, for renewable energy, for the health of our national parks, for better infrastructure, and for our na-tive communities and their ability to be more resilient and adaptable On the other hand, if you vote against this bill, you are not voting to halt or even limit offshore develop-ment. What you are doing is voting to continue an unfair practice toward the coastal producing States, and you are also voting against the priorities of thousands of your constituents. Those of us who have assembled this bill have respected those who do not want devel-opment off their shores. Now we would ask those Members to respect those of us who do support development for our States. We ask you to support this leg-islation. I see my colleague from Alaska. I think it is fair to say that not only is our Congressional delegation very uni-fied on this, but the support from our State and an understanding as to why revenue sharing for Alaska and other coastal States that seek this develop-ment is critically important. I appre-ciate all of the good work he has done on this issue to help it advance. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I commend my colleague Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , who occupies certainly one of the most important positions in the country with regard to energy as the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, for her leader-ship on this bill and so many other bills. I am proud to be a cosponsor, with a number of other Senators, of the American Energy and Conservation Act, which will be taken up here in a few minutes. I echo what Senator M
URKOWSKI said about this bill. It is a commonsense bill. We already have revenue sharing for onshore oil and gas production, so it only makes sense—really it is only fair, as she noted very articulately— that the States closest to the impacts of OCS drilling also receive their fair share of revenues from resource extrac-tion off their coast. Again, as Senator M
URKOWSKI men-tioned, this is not going to open up de-velopment where States don’t want it. It is just providing a fair share to the communities that bear some of the im-pact of development in the States that do want it, like my State. That is what this is about. I am hoping all of my colleagues will vote favorably for this very important bill. Senator MURKOWSKI also talked about how this bill does not open new areas. At the same time we certainly should not be shutting down areas that exist right now for responsible resource development in this country. In addition to focusing on this bill, which I certainly hope we pass soon, we also—I just want to mention we are hearing indications that despite the fact that our country needs more en-ergy and more jobs to grow the econ-omy, the President might move to close the OCS development off the coast of my State to further oil and gas exploration and production before he leaves office. This would not only uni-laterally harm Alaska’s economy and kill thousands of good jobs, but it also fundamentally misunderstands what is going on in the country right now. It fundamentally misunderstands the enormous opportunity of energy for America. For 8 years we watched the Obama administration delay, disrupt, and block energy development for America, certainly for Alaska but also for the whole country. It shows an incredible lack of understanding of what a great opportunity this is. Let me give some examples: making sure that we have our own energy, that we produce our energy, that we can be energy inde-pendent, that we can create jobs. These are great jobs, by the way, for our country. Also, something that is never really acknowledged is that in Alaska and other places in the United States we have the highest standards on the envi-ronment, the highest standards of de-veloping our natural resources offered anyplace in the world. So when the Obama administration has been delay-ing projects year after year—tiny cuts—Shell had to spend 7 years and $7 billion to get permission from the Obama administration to drill one ex-ploration well in 100 feet of water. Eventually they just said: We give up. We are leaving. What does that do to the country? It harms our energy inde-pendence. It kills jobs. But here is something else it does. It doesn’t help the environment as some claim, as the Obama administration claims. What it does is take capital to develop energy resources from Amer-ica, from Alaska, the places that have the highest standards on earth, and it shifts that capital to places like Russia or Azerbaijan or Kazakhstan or Brazil. Remember when the President said: Yeah, we should drill off the coast of Brazil in thousands of feet of water. He was supportive of that, but he is not supportive of drilling off the coast of his own country. It moves the capital to these places that do not have high standards on the environment. So, overall, the global environment is neg-atively impacted by these policies. De-veloping energy in America is a win- win-win for everybody, including the environment. I certainly hope my colleagues will vote in favor of this bill that we are going to vote on in a few minutes. I certainly would urge the Obama ad-ministration not to make the short-sighted decision to kill more jobs and energy production in my State by lock-ing up the Arctic OCS before they leave. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this Senator, who has a great stake in this legislation, is certainly not opposed to drilling off the shore, unless it happens to threaten the interests of the United States. In many places on the Atlantic coast and certainly the gulf coast, such as the Gulf of Mexico off of Florida, it is the largest testing and training area for the U.S. military in the world. Two Republican Secretaries of Defense have said: You cannot have drilling activity off the coast where this restricted mili-tary area is. You looked at a map of what the military has suggested off of Virginia. It is the same thing. It is no oil and gas activity at all, and then no permanent oil and gas activity in a remaining por-tion off the State of Virginia. In the State of Florida, of course, we have all the other considerations, the economic ones, a $50-billion-a-year tourism industry that depends on our beaches being clean. This Senator certainly does not have an objection to oil drilling off of the coast of Louisiana. The last time I checked, they did not have a lot of beaches. But that is what this bill does. It gives the incentives for States be-cause they get additional Federal rev-enue. By the way, CBO says that is $7 billion over a 10-year period that would otherwise go to the Federal Treasury that would go to the States. It gives them that incentive to have drilling off their coasts. For those reasons alone, I would sug-gest that the right vote is to vote no on this legislation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the bill before us would incentivize off-shore drilling for vast swaths of the At-lantic coast, in Virginia, North Caro-lina, South Carolina, and Georgia, put-ting one of our most precious natural resources and drivers of economic growth at risk in order to enrich a few big oil companies. The two Democratic leads on the relevant committees—we have just heard from one, Senator N
EL-
SON, and we will hear from another, Senator C
ANTWELL —are very knowl-edgeable about the risks to coastline communities posed by offshore drilling. They are opposed to this legislation. I agree with them. It should be readily apparent to ev-eryone in this Chamber why this bill is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.015 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6436 November 17, 2016 
a bad idea. Fishing and tourism on the Atlantic coasts accounts for tens of bil-lions of dollars in annual revenue. In my home State of New York, commer-cial fishing accounts for tens of mil-lions of dollars of revenue. From the pristine beaches of Florida, from Daytona to the Outer Banks, to Virginia Beach, the Atlantic Seaboard is home to some of our most visited and beloved vacation spots. A drastic increase in offshore drilling, as this bill intends, comes with drastic risks, risks that are not imagined or even hypo-thetical any longer. We know that after Deepwater Horizon and other dis-asters. When it comes to protecting our unique and nearby Atlantic Ocean habitats, we must guard against poli-cies that can best be summed as ‘‘spill baby, spill.’’ It is a risk we don’t need to take. Domestic energy production has grown significantly over the past 8 years. Our dependence on foreign oil is at a 40-year low. I would also call into question the revenue sharing proposals of the bill. Over the long term, it would direct $7 billion—billion, that is, not million—away from the Federal Treas-ury. States would see some of that money, but the real winners would be the big oil companies for which the market would be tilted even more in their favor. I think it is telling that one of the first bills the Republican majority puts on the floor is a boon to special inter-ests. I urge my colleagues to vote no on the bill. I ask unanimous consent that our leader on our Energy Committee, the Senator from Washington, be given the time she needs, even if it delays the vote for a couple of minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to join my colleagues who have already spoken on this issue, but maybe to give a little bit more of a historical context. I know my colleagues from a variety of States throughout the United States have presented a different viewpoint and have a viewpoint because of their own economic interests in their State, but the larger question here is what is in the economic interests of the United States? All of the land submerged be-tween the territory and seas beyond our shores and the oil and gas re-sources they contain belong to the Na-tion as a whole and to the people of the United States. More than 60 years ago, a few of these coastal States tried to claim the submerged lands and their resources, but the Supreme Court re-jected that, rejected the coastal States’ claims, and held that submerged lands and their resources did belong to the Nation—the whole Nation. Their re-sponse was: ‘‘National interests, na-tional responsibilities, national con-cerns are involved.’’ In spite of the Supreme Court’s deci-sion, Congress voted to give away the submerged lands beneath our terri-tories and seas to the adjacent States in 1953. That Submerged Lands Act was dubbed the ‘‘Oil Give-Away Law’’ by its opponents. The law gave the coastal States the submerged lands to a dis-tance of 3 nautical miles from the coast land. For these historical reasons, Florida, Texas, and others were included. But in the ‘‘Oil Give-Away Law,’’ they also gave coastal States the right to de-velop oil and natural gas resources be-neath the submerged lands and retain all of the royalties for themselves; thus, this big discussion about whether we are going to give Federal resources away to these States and put a hole in our Federal deficit to the tune of $7 bil-lion. In giving away to the coastal States the first 3 nautical miles of the Continental Shelf, Congress made it clear at that time that it was retaining for the Nation as a whole the Outer Continental Shelf, the rest of the Con-tinental Shelf. So the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act, enacted just 3 months after the lease giveaway, gave the Federal Government exclusive ownership and control over the min-erals and wealth of the Outer Conti-nental Shelf. We are here because States not satis-fied with the generous gifts—Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas—per-suaded Congress to give them even more revenue in 2006—37.5 percent of the Federal Government royalties. Again, some of my colleagues may have supported this—but also added to our Federal deficit and blew a big hole into what were Federal revenues at that time. Senator C
ASSIDY ’s bill would com-pound this huge loss to the Federal Treasury. It begins by raising the $500 million annual cap on the payment of Federal royalties to the Gulf States from $500 million to $835 million from 2027 through 2036 and then, in addition, $705 million from 2037 to 2055. But this bill doesn’t stop just there, it extends the payment of royalties to five more coastal States—Alaska, Georgia, North Carolina, South Caro-lina, and Virginia—and gives 37.5 per-cent of the Federal revenues from oil and gas leases on the Outer Conti-nental Shelf to the coast of Alaska, and it gives 37.5 percent of Federal rev-enue from the Outer Continental Shelf to the Atlantic coast: Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia. I get that my colleagues would like this money grab out of the Federal Treasury. I am sure many of our col-leagues would write Federal legislation that would also give their States rev-enue. But all of these amounts, in addi-tion to the State royalties by the coastal States for oil and gas leases on the Outer Continental Shelf, are in contrast, I believe, to our national in-terest. This may be a great deal for the nine States and the Senators who represent them, but it is a terrible deal for the Nation as a whole and the other 41 States that will not have the revenue. What will they do about the raid to the Federal budget of over $7 billion that will be absent from the Federal Treas-ury? Are my colleagues going to raise taxes on the other side to supplant that revenue, that $7 billion loss? Again, those revenues belong to the Nation as a whole, to our citizens, not just the nine coastal States. President Truman said when he voted on an earlier version of the oil give-away bill: The vast quantities of oil and gas in the submerged ocean lands belong to the people of all States. They represent a priceless na-tional heritage. This national wealth, like other lands owned by the United States, is held in trust for every citizen of the United States. It should be used for the welfare and security of the Nation as a whole. 
I ask my colleagues, please do not blow a $7 billion hole in the Federal Treasury and give it to a few States, when these lands and resources belong to all of us. If we want to help our coastal States in some other economic way or some way, let’s discuss that, but blowing a hole of $7 billion in the Federal budget and then trying to make it up later on the backs of the rest of our constituents is an unfair deal for the American taxpayer. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this proposition. I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pend-ing cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 543, S. 3110, a bill to provide for reforms of the adminis-tration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the develop-ment of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other purposes. Bill Cassidy, John Cornyn, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Lamar Alexander, Shelley Moore Capito, Daniel Coats, Mike Rounds, Richard Burr, John Barrasso, John McCain, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, David Vitter, Mitch McConnell. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to S. 3110, a bill to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.017 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6437 November 17, 2016 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS .) Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) is necessarily absent, The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 153 Leg.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—47 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Boxer Sessions 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 51, the nays are 47. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The Senator from Indiana. Mr. COATS. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
BRINGING AMERICA TOGETHER  
Mr. PETERS. Madam President, the United States of America has a number of defining characteristics: our diver-sity, our commitment to free enter-prise, our ingenuity, and our cre-ativity. American ingenuity has given us phones, automobiles, airplanes, and the Internet. Our creativity has made us the world’s biggest exporter of cul-ture, movies, television, and music ranging from Motown to Nashville and beyond. While these characteristics are cen-tral to who we are as a nation, I believe it is our democratic system of repub-lican government that truly defines who we are. The American experiment began with the casting off of the Brit-ish monarchy as American patriots spilled blood for the right to control their own destiny. I am proud to be standing here today as a member of the Sons of the Amer-ican Revolution, and one of my ances-tors served with General George Wash-ington at Valley Forge. Our ancestors learned firsthand that freedom is not free, and it is not easy. If you survey the systems of govern-ment in place across the planet since the advent of democracy in Greece over 2,500 years ago, it is clear that democ-racy is the exception and not the rule. We live in a world that in 2016 has theocracies, monarchies, and autoc-racies. The creation of a democracy can require revolution, but its preser-vation requires constant commitment and sacrifice. We must hold onto this commitment if we want to keep our de-mocracy healthy. We have worked to-ward the more perfect union envisioned by the Framers of the Constitution. We have abolished slavery and expanded the franchise to make sure that Ameri-cans can vote and have an equal say in our future. We have also welcomed new genera-tions of Americans from every corner of the globe. Just as I am proud to be a member of the Sons of the American Revolution, I am also proud to be the son of an immigrant. My father served in World War II and met my mother in France. She immigrated to the United States, started a family with my fa-ther, and found opportunity working as a nurse’s aide and an SEIU union stew-ard. My parents are part of the greatest generation—a generation of Americans who defeated Nazism in Europe, strug-gled to advance equality here at home during the Civil Rights Movement, and saw women move from home to the fac-tory floor, to the company board room. Our memories can be short as we can become consumed in recent turmoil, but we cannot forget the challenges and successes of the past. We are fortu-nate to still have living veterans who liberated German concentration camps. Millions of Americans still re-member the horrors of Jim Crow laws. As Martin Luther King, Jr., famously said, ‘‘The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.’’ We have made progress in fits and starts, and we have done so, in significant part, due to our constitutional democ-racy. Every democracy is different, and our country continues to evolve, but successful democracies share two com-mon traits: One, they have fair, vig-orous, and participatory elections where citizens passionately support candidates of their choosing, and, two, when the election is over, all parties accept the outcome and facilitate a peaceful, orderly transition of power. As long as these traits persist, we will remain a successful democracy. While I am deeply disappointed by the outcome of last week’s Presidential election, I accept it, and so do Presi-dent Obama and Secretary Clinton. I hope Americans of all political stripes can acknowledge President Obama’s commitment to put President- Elect Trump in a position where he can begin working for the good of the coun-try. I also hope that all Americans are able to appreciate Secretary Clinton’s strength and resolve since the election and her acceptance of the electoral col-lege result, once again showing that a person who receives the most votes does not necessarily win, even though she received well over 1 million more votes than President-Elect Trump na-tionally. The weeks after elections generally are a time for healing. While President Obama and Secretary Clinton have done their part, we remain a very po-larized country. This has been a par-ticularly contentious, abnormal elec-tion. I have never seen anything like it in my life. During a campaign season, we need to engage in vigorous debates about the future of our country and vigor-ously advocate for our preferred can-didates. But when it is all said and done, and the election is over, we must come together as a country and do what is right for America. We must seek a common good, especially at a time when the country is nearly equal-ly divided. We need to think about the dreams that unite us and not the night-mares that could tear us apart. Michiganders from across the ideo-logical spectrum want the same things: a job that pays a fair wage, the chance to send their children to good schools and live in safe neighborhoods, afford-able, quality health care, and, after they have worked their whole life, the ability to retire with dignity. While our economy continues to grow and create jobs, too many families find themselves unable to get ahead. We need to take a step back and ask some serious questions about whether our policies are helping everyone. Are American trade deals working? Are we doing enough to support American manufacturing? While he tapped into some of these legitimate concerns over the past 2 years, it is no secret that President- Elect Trump, unfortunately, ran a divi-sive campaign that stoked deep-seated fears and anxieties in many Americans. Much of the rhetoric of the Trump campaign far exceeded the acceptable norms of political discourse. We cannot have a mainstream polit-ical dialogue that demeans women and disabled Americans or that advocates for conversion therapy for LGBT Amer-icans. It is dangerous, it is unaccept-able, and it is not normal. It must never, ever be normal. We can never ac-cept or normalize hatred. Trafficking in racism, misogyny, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and anti-Semitism is dangerous, it is unacceptable, and it is not normal. It must never be normal. What is now happening with the ap-pointment of a White House Chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.002 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6438 November 17, 2016 
Strategist with ties to the White na-tionalist movement is dangerous, it is unacceptable, it is certainly not nor-mal, and it must never be normal. I am deeply alarmed that President-Elect Trump has appointed Mr. Bannon to such an important position, and I urge him to reconsider this decision. I am proud that Michigan is a diverse State. I have heard from over 1,000 Michiganders about Mr. Bannon’s ap-pointment. Yes, some are angry, but more are scared—scared that the America that had welcomed them and welcomed my mother is at risk of dis-appearing. I have heard from mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, Mus-lim Americans, Jewish Americans, Af-rican Americans, and Latino Ameri-cans. They are asking what their place will be in President Trump’s America as our American experiment enters into an unprecedented new era. As our Nation continues to move for-ward, I would urge President-Elect Trump to look back and consult the namesake of the city in which he will soon be living—President George Wash-ington. In a letter written in 1790 to the Newport Hebrew congregation, at the time the largest community of Jewish families in America, President Washington succinctly addressed their fears of religious oppression, and he wrote: ‘‘The government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no sanc-tion, to persecution no assistance, re-quires only that they who live under its protection should demean them-selves as good citizens.’’ He added that ‘‘every one shall sit in safety under his own vine and fig tree and there shall be none to make him afraid.’’ President-Elect Trump won, and the people are afraid. It is now his job to bring our Nation together. It is his job to give bigotry no sanction and perse-cution no assistance. The appointment of Mr. Bannon is clearly a large step in the wrong direction. If this is indic-ative of how the President-elect is going to run his administration, he can expect me and my fellow Democratic colleagues to fight him every step of the way. On the other hand, if the President-elect is prepared to be a ‘‘President for all Americans’’ and to ‘‘bind the wounds of division,’’ as he pledged in his victory speech just last week, I certainly hope that we can find common ground. Whether it is making trade policy work for American manufacturers, sup-porting small businesses, bolstering cyber security, establishing meaning-ful paid and parental leave policies, or investing in infrastructure, if the President-elect is ready to roll up his sleeves and do what is right by Amer-ican workers and American families, I will work with him. We don’t have Democratic bridges or Republicans roads; we don’t have Democratic ports and Republican rail-road tracks. They are truly non-partisan. Improving our country’s in-frastructure is something we can come together on and show Americans we are ready to do the people’s work. Democracy is a wonderful thing, but history shows us that it can also be fragile. We must preserve our demo-cratic institutions and show the people of America that these institutions and their elected officials are working for all Americans. I intend to spend the next 4 years working for what is right for our country and what is right for Michigan, and I hope our President- elect joins me. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEVASTATION FROM HURRICAN MATTHEW Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I come to the Chamber to talk about a devastating event we have experienced in North Carolina. Last month, Hurri-cane Matthew skirted along the Atlan-tic coast, and then it plowed right through North Carolina with dev-astating results. Matthew is the worst storm we have experienced in almost 20 years, and it is already responsible for taking some 28 lives. Millions of people in North Carolina and across the country watched as the storm made landfall, but after a few days, many of them turned their atten-tion back to their daily lives. I don’t fault them for doing this because un-less you are there and see it firsthand, it is easy to think it was just a lot of rain and a storm that came and went, but it is far worse than that. Thou-sands of adults and children will take years to recover from the devastation that they have experienced over the last month. The first opportunity I had to survey the damage was just 2 days after the hurricane made landfall. I traveled across the State in a helicopter with the commissioner of agriculture, and what I saw was remarkable. In fact, it was after the rain had occurred but be-fore the floods began almost a week later. The next week I spent time with many of my staff working as volun-teers down in one of the areas that was hit hard by the flood. We worked with the American Red Cross, the Baptist Men, and the Salvation Army, which were trying to prepare food and provide shelter for so many people who were displaced. I was back in the area last weekend, and I had an opportunity to witness firsthand the farm damage and the damage to one of our major areas out-side of Fort Bragg, an urban area that was hit very hard. Over the course of the last 3 weeks, I have literally seen long stretches of interstate highways under water. I have seen major roads completely washed out. I have seen en-tire communities under water and a couple of towns that have been washed away. Some of them were washed away just 20 years ago. I have seen farms that were under water for a period of time, and now their crops are rotting in the field. In other cases, farmers who had harvested their crops and prepared their land for the next planting season now have sand and debris on their fields. I have heard heartbreaking stories from victims, rescue workers, and vol-unteers. I will share some of those sto-ries. I also heard heartwarming stories about the responsiveness of our local, State, and Federal agencies and the kindness of neighbors and volunteers. I wish to thank the State and local officials, FEMA, and the first respond-ers, who are doing an excellent job under some of the most difficult cir-cumstances. The death and destruction caused by Hurricane Matthew is really impossible to comprehend. The 28 lives we lost are a cross section of the State. They are parents and grandparents, sons and daughters, leaders of our community and young people who had their entire lives ahead of them. One of the victims was Charles Ivey. He was a resident of Lumberton, one of the areas that was hardest hit. He was a pillar of his com-munity. Charles served as a deacon and Sunday school director at West Lum-berton Baptist Church. He was an ac-tive member of the Lumberton Lions Club, Jaycees, Robeson County Fair Board, and West Lumberton Commu-nity Watch. He was the loving father of two daughters, had four grandchildren, and leaves behind his wife Wanda. Another victim who perished as a re-sult of the storms was Isabelle Ralls of Godwin. She was a resilient woman who survived cancer, triple-bypass sur-gery, and kidney failure. She devoted her life to others, spending years as a caregiver for the Peace Corps. She was a Sunday school teacher and the church historian at Spring Hills Bap-tist Church. Her family and friends will always remember her as a phenomenal woman and role model who had an in-spiring faith in God. These are just a couple of stories about the victims of Hurricane Mat-thew. They were all people I could probably tell stories about. They were mothers and fathers, brothers and sis-ters, and loving friends—28 precious lives lost in total. I hope the family and friends of the victims know that millions of North Carolinians and peo-ple across the Nation are praying for them and their recovery. Although the loss of life alone was devastating, it is really not the total story. In fact, it will take years to re-cover. Hurricane Matthew was a mas-sive storm. To give you an idea, it is what is referred to as a 1,000-year flood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.029 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6439 November 17, 2016 
event. In other words, for this area, statistically speaking, it will be an-other 1,000 years before they see the amount of water dumped in the same period of time. It was a 500-year flood event for a massive part of Eastern North Carolina. Thousands of people were forced out of their homes and re-located to shelters. Many are still in temporary housing and thousands of the homes are not habitable. The storm flooded areas that were well outside of the 100-year floodplain. So many of them didn’t have flood insurance. Last week I visited one of those com-munities. It was a Habitat for Human-ity community that had some 90 homes built over the last 15 to 16 years. Sixty of those homes are under water. Those 60 homes are not habitable, and as a re-sult, 60 families are displaced. The pain is, as I said before, hard to imagine. It is immeasurable. To give you an idea, we have reports of several victims, and I have summarized a few of them. Another victim is Ann John-son from Lenoir County, another coun-ty that was hard hit. She was one of the many people who were displaced and had to live in a shelter. As she was waiting in the shelter, she told a re-porter: 
I just feel kind of lost right now, loss for words. You kind of feel like you don’t have anything and you’re just starting all over again. 
Another victim, Perry Harris of Johnston County, south of Raleigh, sustained more than $1 million in dam-age to a small business that four of his children worked at and had for some 15 years. He said: 
It is very emotional. I’ve been trying to do the best I can. I have four kids that work for me. It has been very hard on my family. We just don’t know what tomorrow brings. 
Another victim, Charlie Mitchell, who is a farmer in Wayne County, lost the home he lived in for 49 years. He has a 2,000-acre farm that was sub-merged under water. He said: ‘‘I’ve been in floods or around floods all my life, but I’ve never seen anything like this.’’ Hurricane Matthew has been espe-cially difficult for children as well. In fact, the teachers and school coun-selors in Cumberland County asked the students to write down their experi-ence to kind of help them begin to cope and recover from the traumatic experi-ence. There was one sixth grade stu-dent who wrote: 
I heard a loud crack followed by three loud thuds. When my family got out of bed, I saw three big trees, and one destroyed the kitch-en. Not even five minutes after we left, the ceiling collapsed in all rooms except for the bathroom and my mom’s room. 
Matthew has been a life-changing event for many North Carolinians. Rel-atives and friends who lost a loved one, families who lost their homes, small businesses and owners who can no longer find a place to work and employ others, farmers who have watched their once-fertile land become unproductive due to the flooding. I share these stories because North Carolina will need help, just like West Virginia, Louisiana, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Those States have also has been damaged in this storm season or in the flood season. Many people lost their lives, and those States need help. North Carolina needs help. My team is working with Senator BURRand my House colleagues to real-ly try and quantify the damage. Over the next couple of weeks, we will be working to make sure we work with our colleagues in other States to make sure they get the assistance they des-perately need before we leave at the end of the year. More than anything else, I want to make sure the victims of this storm know they have people working for them, and we are going to make sure this great body and this Nation comes to their aid in their time of crisis. I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, after a long district work period and a na-tional election, I am returning to the Senate floor to resume my weekly ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speeches. The Presiding Officer and my col-leagues have watched me come to the floor 53 times in the 114th Congress to talk about documented waste, fraud, and abuse, and the expenditure of funds—of taxpayer dollars—on things that produce no positive effect. Regardless of which party is control-ling any branch of government—and we have had a significant change here in just the last couple of weeks—it is im-perative that our focus remains on gov-erning for the benefit of the American people, and this includes, from my per-spective, rooting out any kind of waste, fraud, and abuse found within the Federal Government. Taxpayers should demand an effec-tive and efficient government that spends their money on the behalf and the future of this country and on be-half of the future of our constituents. When they read about waste, fraud, and abuse, it is perfectly natural that they would call on us to address the prob-lem, which has been paying a dime more than is necessary to run the Fed-eral Government, and to pull us out of this ever-spiraling deficit spending and deep entrance into debt which may not be able to be repaid. That is why I am taking a look at yet another waste of the week, and this one is called identity theft tax refund fraud which, over the past 2 years, has accounted for $23 billion in stolen tax-payer money; that is right, $23 billion of stolen taxpayer money. How does this happen? Well, the theft occurs when criminals gain access to someone else’s personal information, like their name and Social Security number, in order to essentially steal the tax refund that might be owed to them for the tax returns that have been interrupted and sent before the victim’s tax return has actually been filed. Often criminals file someone else’s tax return before the victim does so the IRS ends up sending tax refund money to criminals instead of the workers who earned the money. When such abuses happen, not only is the IRS unknowingly paying criminals, but the real tax refunds are denied or seriously delayed to the millions of hard-work-ing Americans who are counting on those refunds. So for families who struggle to make ends meet, annual tax refunds are often seen as a lifeline, but when those fami-lies have their tax returns stolen, it can take up to a year or more to rec-tify this mess. Sadly, many of these criminals prey on senior citizens and low-income indi-viduals because they know they are more likely to receive a tax refund and less likely to pursue the lengthy and often complicated process of getting the tax return that is due them. Some hacks have even targeted chil-dren under the age of 14, often because parents don’t think it is necessary to monitor their children’s credit. Unfor-tunately, this makes children easy tar-gets. Within the past decade, identity theft-related tax fraud has exploded. In fact, from 2011 to 2014, the Government Accountability Office and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion, TIGTA, estimates that the IRS paid out $23 billion in tax refunds to identity thieves instead of the tax-payer who was due the money. Let that sink in—$23 billion paid out by the Federal Government to criminals in just a 4-year period of time, and that is just the fraud the IRS has discovered. We don’t know the number of returns that have not been identified or discov-ered over that period of time. This is the year 2016, and this is an ever-in-creasing amount of money in fraud that is occurring. The continued success of those who are able to hack in and get Social Se-curity numbers of individuals and use that to steal their tax returns is draw-ing ever more criminal activity. These criminals are getting more sophisti-cated, making it much harder for the IRS to track down and next to impos-sible for the government to recover those funds. There is no silver bullet for address-ing identity tax fraud. The IRS has de-tected and prevented numerous at-tempts of ID theft-related tax fraud. However, there is more that can and should be done. First, the IRS data security system needs to be updated to comply with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.030 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6440 November 17, 2016 
Federal Government’s own security standards. According to TIGTA, three different Federal agencies have data security requirements for the Federal Government, and the IRS data system doesn’t fully comply with any of them. This could be fixed. It should be fixed immediately. Coordinating between agencies is something I have been talking about over and over again. The left hand doesn’t know what the right hand is doing. Social Security disability doesn’t know about Social Security re-tirement payments and the unemploy-ment insurance disability being paid. There is a lack of communication be-tween agencies within the Federal Gov-ernment. The Government Accountability Of-fice, GAO, testified at the Senate Fi-nance Committee in April that there are nearly 100 recommendations that the GAO has made to the IRS to im-prove their data security. So the gov-ernment agency charged with looking at how efficient or inefficient an agen-cy is has the opportunity to make rec-ommendations to that agency, and hopefully they will be complied with, but because of our lack of oversight in the U.S. Congress, we are not following up with enough pressure on those agen-cies to actually employ those rec-ommendations. As a consequence, we are standing down here on the floor talking about this waste that goes on and on. Yet we don’t go after the agen-cies to get those recommendations in place. We learned that GAO’s 100 rec-ommendations have not been fully im-plemented, and worse, more than half of these recommendations are over 1 year old. Imagine how the American people would react if a private company had so many persistent holes in its data system that it wrongfully paid crimi-nals $23 billion of their money. Another way to prevent fraud sug-gested by the IRS watchdogs is to first receive the W–2 forms before issuing re-funds. Here is what happens: employers issue the W–2s showing how much you earn and we attach those to our tax re-turns. The problem is, the tax returns that go to the government and the re-turns that come in from the taxpayer are not coordinated, and so there is a gap that potentially exists. The 2017 tax-filing season will be the first year this accelerated system is implemented to address this particular issue because the legislation that was passed in 2015, which I supported, has accelerated the issuance of W–2s from the IRS so the IRS can verify the validity of the re-turn. In the meantime, I will continue to work with my colleagues in the Senate as long as I am here to keep the pres-sure on the IRS to ensure it meets Fed-eral data security requirements and fulfills the other unimplemented secu-rity recommendations. So adding to our chart, which we thought when we started we might be able to reach $100 billion—we weren’t sure—but it just keeps coming in. It just keeps pouring in, record after record, examination after examination, by certified nonpartisan government organizations. We added $23 billion more to the waste of the week ther-mometer, reaching now well over $350 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse. To those who say there are no more cuts we can make in spending to reduce the deficit and the ever-increasing Fed-eral debt or to those who say we need to find ways to address critical needs such as funds to address the spread of the Zika virus or money for cancer re-search or money to help strengthen our military during this time of conflict and threat to our homeland, I say to them: Let’s at least start with what we know are tax dollars that are lost to waste, fraud, and abuse. We owe that to the taxpayers and to future genera-tions. We owe that to our children and grandchildren who will be saddled with this debt. We owe that to our Nation to run an effective, efficient government to retain the trust of the American people that the tax dollars they sent to Washington are wisely spent for nec-essary purposes that only the Federal Government can accomplish. We have a duty. We have a duty that rises above politics. We have a duty to make every effort we can to make gov-ernment efficient and effective on be-half of the taxpayer. So I am calling on my colleagues to say, yes, we need to look at the long- term impact in our midst. It is critical. It can have negative implications for the future of America. Until we get to that point—and we have made several attempts to do that under this admin-istration, and each one was shut down before it hit the White House or was re-jected by the White House—can’t we at least look at the $350 billion of waste, fraud, and abuse that is documented? Can’t we at least start there? That is what I am calling on my colleagues to do. We don’t have many weeks left in this session, but you can count on me being here each week that we have left, talking yet again about yet another in-stance of waste, fraud, and abuse. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arizona. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, here we go again. For the eighth consecutive year, Congress has failed to pass an ap-propriations bill for the Department of Defense on time, leaving our troops op-erating on a so-called ‘‘continuing res-olution.’’ Now, fresh off an election where the American people were clear that they are fed up with business as usual, that is exactly what we are about to get if Congress adopts another continuing resolution that would cut resources to our troops, hamper the war against ISIL, and delay the cutting-edge equip-ment and reforms they need. A continuing resolution would also make the job of managing the govern-ment’s largest agency even more dif-ficult—and at the worst possible time. The Presidential transition process currently underway is difficult enough on its own, but no incoming President has ever had to inherit a Department of Defense operating under a con-tinuing resolution—no incoming Presi-dent—but this is not the time for us to break that streak. As the name suggests, a continuing resolution is supposed to continue funding the government in situations where the Congress fails to pass a reg-ular appropriations bill. So what is the big deal about continuing last year’s funding levels? Our Nation asks a lot of the men and women serving in uniform. We are ask-ing them to defend our Nation and our interests in real time against rapidly changing threats and adaptive adver-saries, but a continuing resolution would lock our military into last year’s budgets and last year’s prior-ities. Does anybody believe this year isn’t greatly dissimilar from last year on the battlefield? A continuing resolution would place our troops at greater risk by forcing them to operate under an outdated budget that does not recognize the full extent of the threats they face. Worse still, a continuing resolution doesn’t quite live up to its name. A continuing resolution would actually cut funds for our troops. The continuing resolution passed by Congress in September to keep funding through the end of this year cut the military’s budget by $9 billion at annualized levels. Under a potential yearlong continuing resolu-tion, our military would be short $12 billion. The incoming and elected President of the United States stated time after time that we needed to spend more money on defense; we are not taking care of the defense needs of this Na-tion; we are not taking care of the equipment, training, and benefits of men and women who are serving in the military; that we have the smallest Army that we have had since World War II; that we have the smallest Air Force that we have had since the end of the Korean war; that we have the smallest Navy since the end of World War I. So what are we going to do? What are we going to do in response to all that? As the conditions around the world be-come more chaotic, we are going to cut defense spending by $12 billion. Not only would a continuing resolution cut resources, it would leave them with the wrong mix of funding among accounts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.032 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6441 November 17, 2016 
That means the wrong kinds of money is being spent on the wrong programs because we are continuing what we did last year. Under a continuing resolution, our military would experience shortfalls in some very important areas. Training for our National Guard and Reserve troops would be at risk of falling off- track. As Vladimir Putin’s Russia con-tinues to menace our NATO allies, our military would not be able to carry out the expansion of the European Reassur-ance Initiative, which is essential to deterring Russian aggression in East-ern Europe. Might I add an aside, it didn’t seem to get much notice that a Russian air-craft carrier, launching aircraft with airstrikes into Aleppo—my friends, that is the first time in history that Russia, generally regarded as a land power, now has sufficient ships and air-craft capability to launch attacks into Aleppo, Homs, and other parts of Syria. Guess what they are doing. They are slaughtering innocent men, women, and children. They are killing the very people whom we have armed, trained, equipped, and sent into battle. It is atrocious. A continuing resolution would put our groups at greater risk in Afghani-stan and in the fight against ISIL. The President has requested a $5.8 billion emergency supplemental to cover the costs of additional troops deployed to Afghanistan and expanded operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria, but a continuing resolution would not in-clude any of these necessary funds which would fill a shortfall that is looming in January. Put simply, this cockamamie idea, this abrogation of our responsibilities called a continuing resolution would shortchange American troops who are putting their lives on the line in Af-ghanistan, Iraq, and Syria. Meanwhile, the Department of De-fense could have an excess of as much as $6 billion in money under a yearlong continuing resolution. However, those funds would be unusable because of re-strictions on new procurement, on buy-ing new weapons systems, and other re-quirements. There are restrictions on that and there is not authorization for increases in production rates. For example, we are firing off a lot of missiles. We need to replace those mis-siles. We need to replace the aircraft that are wearing out. We need new parts for them. None of that is possible under what is now being contemplated. Under a continuing resolution of any duration, our military would have to delay 78 new starts, 89 production in-creases which would affect critical pro-grams. That includes the Ohio-class submarine replacement program, the KC–46 tanker, the Apache, the heli-copters—the Black Hawk helicopters. A continuing resolution would also delay major research and development initiatives. In short, what we are con-templating—cutting funds for our troops—inhibits their ability to serve the Nation, and they are putting the men and women who are serving in the military at greater risk. Why? Why? Because we refuse to act. We who represent them, we who are supposed to be standing for them. We are not going to pass a new appropria-tions bill. We are just going to kick the can down the road for another 3 months or more. In other words, some may ask: If this continuing resolution delays some programs, can’t we just make it up later? For some programs, perhaps, but there is one area where we cannot make up the losses of a con-tinuing resolution, and that is readi-ness. We are asking our troops to be ready to defend this Nation at a mo-ment’s notice. We are asking our troops to be ready to take the fight to ISIL. We are asking our troops to be ready to deter and, if necessary, defeat aggression in Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific. We are asking them to be ready today. But a continuing resolution would force tradeoffs that undermine readi-ness. In other words, they will not be able to conduct the training oper-ations, the replacement of parts, the maintenance, all the things that go into making a ready military that is ready to fight. We are impacting them. With a continuing resolution, we are harming their ability to do that. Add-ing additional readiness funds later in the year would be too little, too late, just papering over our failure to give our troops the resources they need when they need it. Readiness tomorrow does not replace readiness today. Every senior leader— uniform and nonuniform at the Depart-ment of Defense—has warned Congress about the negative impact of a con-tinuing resolution on our men and women who are serving us in the mili-tary. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter has stated that ‘‘a continuing resolution is a straitjacket’’ that ‘‘prevents us from fielding a modern, ready force in a bal-anced way.’’ Secretary Carter said a continuing resolution ‘‘undercuts sta-ble planning and efficient use of tax-payer dollars.’’ Commandant of the Marine Corps General Neller warned that a long-term continuing resolution ‘‘dramatically increases risk to an already strained fiscal environment and disrupts pre-dictability and our ability to properly plan and execute a budget and a 5-year program.’’ Suppose you had a company or a cor-poration and that company—like most companies and corporations small and large—operate on a year-to-year basis. So you tell that company: Wait a minute. For the first 3 months of next year, you are not going to get any ad-ditional funds. You are not going to be able to plan. You are not going to be able to do what is necessary. They wouldn’t stay in business. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Richardson warned that a continuing resolution would lead to wasted tax-payer dollars. Under a continuing reso-lution, the Navy would be forced to break up its contract actions into small pieces. Admiral Richardson warned that as a result, the Navy would not be able to ‘‘take advantage of savings from contractors who could better manage their workload and pass on lower costs to the Navy. These re-dundant efforts drive additional time and cost into the system, for exactly the same output.’’ Army Chief of Staff General Milley made a similar warning about waste and inefficiency resulting from budg-etary uncertainty. Have no doubt, what a continuing resolution does is causes budgetary uncertainty. It is just a fact. He said: 
Things like multiyear contracts, devel-oping long-term relationships with industry where they can count on us and so on—that becomes very difficult. And what ends up happening is the price per unit goes up. So it has built in inefficiency. It has built in cost overruns. It is an un-good situation. It is not good and it needs to end. 
General Milley is right. This madness needs to end. It is time for Congress to do its job. When it comes to doing our constitu-tional duty to provide for the common defense, there is no call for lazy short-cuts and shortchanging of our troops. Let’s pass a Defense authorization bill as soon as we get back. Let’s pass a Defense appropriations bill that gives our troops the resources, predict-ability, and flexibility they need and deserve. Next year, with a new President and a new Congress, let’s go to work imme-diately on ending sequestration once and for all and returning to a strategy- driven defense budget. Let’s work to-gether on a Defense supplement that will serve as a downpayment on re-building military capacity, capability, and readiness that have suffered under years of budget cuts and uncertainty. This year, this Congress, let’s do our jobs and pass Defense authorization and appropriations bills. This is what the American people expect of us, and it is what the men and women who serve and sacrifice on our behalf de-serve from us. Almost everybody I know—except those who don’t tell the truth—did not predict the result of this Presidential election. What we are finding out— much to the dismay of some and to the surprise of almost all—is that the American people, particularly in some parts of the country, are very unhappy. One of the reasons of their unhappiness is that they believe they have a Con-gress that doesn’t work for them. They believe their elected representatives no longer have their interests uppermost. When they see continued gridlock in Congress, of course the frustration level goes up and the approval rating goes down. I haven’t met anyone who approves of Congress recently who wasn’t paid staff or blood relatives. So the fact is that when we kick the can down the road and do not provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.033 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6442 November 17, 2016 
the fundamental necessities for the most important obligation we have—to defend this Nation and provide the men and women with the training, equip-ment, readiness, and capabilities they need—then it is no wonder the Amer-ican people hold us in such low regard. So I urge my colleagues and I urge our leaders on both sides to take up the Defense authorization bill when we get back, and I think we can do that. Then let’s take up the Defense appropria-tions bill. I have confidence in our ap-propriators. I don’t agree with some of the things they have done, but they have carried out their duties. Why don’t we move forward? Instead, for 3 months or more, we are going to put the military in a state of uncertainty— in limbo—and we will harm their abil-ity to defend this Nation. That is not J
OHN MCCAIN’s view. It is the view of the leaders of the military to whom we entrust our men and women. So I urge my colleagues to get going. Let’s get the Defense authorization bill done. We could get the Defense appro-priations bill done in a matter of hours. Let’s get those other appropriations bills done as well—those for the FBI, for the CIA, for our other intelligence agencies, and for those agencies of gov-ernment that also are entrusted with the security of this Nation. Let’s get something for them too. Let’s not kick the can down the road. Let’s do the people’s work. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, as a long-time member of the Appropriations Committee, I strongly believe that we should have regular, yearlong appro-priations, not continuing resolutions. I would like to remind my friend from Arizona that, by tradition, appropria-tions bills begin in the other body, in the House of Representatives. They have not yet sent over regular appro-priations bills. It was just reported in the last few hours that Donald Trump has told them not to have regular appropria-tions bills, but to have a continuing resolution until the end of March. Frankly, the Senator from Arizona is right. I agree with him. We should have appropriations bills on all subjects. I am sorry the President-elect has de-cided that in his spare time he will also run Congress and will not allow full ap-propriations bills to be passed. 
f 
BANNON APPOINTMENT Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, while we are on the subject of the President- elect, he has indicated some of the ap-pointments he will make. Some, of course, will require advice and consent by this body, and I hope we will do that, even though this body has refused to advise and consent on the Supreme Court nomination now pending before it. There are others he can appoint with-out being confirmed by the Senate. It is amazing that the President-elect, having said that he wants to bring the country together, that he wants to be a President for all of us, would then ap-point to his inner circle, someone with the ear of the President, Stephen Bannon. Let me just read part of an editorial in the Chicago Tribune. ‘‘The problem is that Bannon, who will sit at the right hand of a presi-dent, also works as a conduit to hate and intolerance. Bannon has said Breitbart is ‘the platform for the alt- right.’ Yet the ‘alt-right’ is a repellent, nationalist political movement that breeds racism, anti-Semitism and mi-sogyny. The alt-right miasma ‘opposes feminism, diversity, gay rights, glob-alism, gun control and civil rights,’ ac-cording to Baruch College professor Thomas Main, who is writing a book on the movement. At the fringes of alt- right is where you will find American neo-Nazis and the Klan, two groups evi-dently thrilled by Trump’s victory.’’ Those aren’t my words. Those are the words from the Chicago Tribune. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed at this point in the RECORD the full editorial. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Chicago Tribune, Nov. 17, 2016] E
DITORIAL : STEPHEN BANNON : THENEXT P
RESIDENT ’SWHISPERER  With just a week or so under his belt as president-elect, Donald Trump has spoken in public briefly, given a few interviews and bashed out some colorful tweets. Americans still processing his stunning victory will have to wait a bit longer to get a full sense of the next president’s priorities. But already there’s this: Trump has named Stephen Bannon, 62, his White House chief strategist. Bannon, the political equivalent of a shock jock, was little known until he became Trump’s campaign chief executive in August. He is a conservative media impresario whose resume includes Georgetown, Harvard, the Pentagon and Goldman Sachs. He’s now the executive chairman of Breitbart News, whose popular website dabbles in the swamplands of the far right. A lot of bigoted ugliness swims out there in the so-called alt-right, and Bannon has let it fester on Breitbart.com. Trump won as a populist insurgent who used bullying and intemperate language to fan his message. The strategy worked but also helped divide the country. Appointing Bannon as consigliere is not a good step to-ward unity. It agitates the not-my-president slice of the American populace. And it con-fuses Americans who are trying to give the president-elect a fresh start—but who also need to see evidence that Trump will abide his promise to be ‘‘president for all Ameri-cans.’’ When Trump takes office, Bannon—if he’s still around—won’t be the Treasury sec-retary or the attorney general or the sec-retary of state: leaders working largely in public. Bannon instead will play the role David Axelrod played for the nation’s last novice president. His will be the whisper in President Trump’s ear. His work product won’t be what the White House proposes or what Congress passes. His work product will be what the president does. What the presi-dent says. What message the president projects to the country and the world. We get what Trump is trying to do by ap-pointing Bannon. The president-elect made two major picks early this week: He also chose Reince Priebus to be chief of staff, the Oval Office gatekeeper. Priebus, head of the Republican Party, was a shrewd selection. Someone in the White House needs political experience to guide Trump’s agenda through Washington’s thicket. Priebus is perfectly positioned to be the hour-by-hour liaison to his friend and fellow Wisconsinite, House Speaker Paul Ryan. Priebus is nobody’s bomb thrower. He’s a member of the Normal Club. But that also pegs him as an establishment guy, making Trump vulnerable to accusations of being a sell-out. So to assuage the anti-establish-ment crowd, here comes Bannon, whose website was one of Trump’s most vocal cheerleaders. The problem is that Bannon, who will sit at the right hand of a president, also works as a conduit to hate and intolerance. Bannon has said Breitbart is ‘‘the platform for the alt-right.’’ Yet the ‘‘alt-right’’ is a repellent, nationalist political movement that breeds racism, anti-Semitism and misogyny. The alt-right miasma ‘‘opposes feminism, diver-sity, gay rights, globalism, gun control and civil rights,’’ according to Baruch College professor Thomas Main, who is writing a book on the movement. At the fringes of the alt-right is where you find American neo- Nazis and the Klan, two groups evidently thrilled by Trump’s victory. On the issue of Trump’s presidency, we want to remain patient as well as vigilant. We’ve said in prior editorials that presidents get fresh starts and wide latitude to set their agendas. Bannon helped Trump get elected, which makes him more clever than the Democratic operatives who backed Hillary Clinton, the losing presidential candidate. Maybe his primary White House role is to be a sop to supporters and that’s all. But Trump voters aren’t the only Ameri-cans anxiously waiting for positive signals from the new administration. While Trump will never placate Democrats, there’s an-other crucial group we’ll call America’s mid-dle third who need to be assuaged. Many of them didn’t vote for Trump but they may make the biggest difference in the success of his presidency: They’ll either be won over or will bolt to the opposition. Like every presi-dent, Trump will calibrate many of his ac-tions according to how far he can go without losing them. That’s always a tough balance. In today’s America it’s especially tough. By adding someone as notorious as Bannon to his team, the new president has more than sent the wrong signal. He also has risked alienating the vast swath of Americans who will deter-mine whether his presidency succeeds or fails. And he’s done it well before even tak-ing the oath of office. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, every-body, whether we supported Donald Trump or not—and, obviously, I did not—wants to give any President a chance to bring this country together. Throughout the country, during this campaign, we have become terribly di-vided. Even in my own State of Vermont, we heard of some of these di-visions. I feel fortunate that Vermonters re-elected me. I have never run negative campaign ads, and did not this time. I was opposed by somebody who ran a completely negative campaign. I think people reject negativity. There are so many positive aspects to America. We talk about making America great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.035 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6443 November 17, 2016 
again, and there is no other country we would trade it for. What country would we trade our country for? None. We are a great nation. But what makes us great is our diversity and our ability to come together. That is what we should be doing. I hope the President-elect will recon-sider naming Stephen Bannon as his chief White House strategist and un-derstand what kind of signal this sends to the country. We do not need more division. We certainly do not need peo-ple who might attack someone because of their religion. We need people who will realize the United States is an in-clusive country, not an exclusive coun-try. This is not the message we should send within our own country or throughout the world. Mr. Bannon wants to continue mak-ing these horrible and offensive com-ments, as he has a First Amendment right to do at Breitbart News, but let us not have that be the example set from the White House, by the President of the greatest nation on Earth. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I believe Senator W
ARREN of Massachu-setts will be joining me on the floor, and I ask unanimous consent that if she is here on the floor at the conclu-sion of my remarks that she be recog-nized next so that our remarks can be conjoined with one another. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank the Chair. 
f 
WORKING ACROSS PARTY LINES Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, one of the hallmarks of President-Elect Trump’s campaign was his desire, often stated, to clean up Washington, to lift the dark hand of special interests off of the levers of government and, as he said it in his speeches, to drain the swamp here. I would like to assure the President-elect that on this side of the aisle we are very keen to work with him on a whole variety of reforms to control the role of big special interests, their lobbying apparatus, and their po-litical machinery here in Washington. I very much hope that President- Elect Trump will indeed choose to work with us. I hope he will bear in mind that although he won the elec-toral college, it appears now clear that Secretary Clinton actually won the popular vote and that she may have won the popular vote by as many as a million votes. It is also worth noting that if 2012 is any prologue to 2016, it is likely that Democratic Members of Congress—of the House of Representatives—received more votes than Republican Members of Congress. The shift and the reason for Republican control of the House of Representatives has been the gerry-mandering effort that has packed Democrats into very heavily saturated Democratic districts so that Repub-licans can create strong—but not mas-sive—majority districts for themselves. I believe in the last Presidential elec-tion, States such as Pennsylvania and Ohio reelected Democratic Senators statewide, elected a Democratic Presi-dent statewide, but then sent heavily Republican delegations to the House of Representatives because of that gerry-mandering. It may be a fluke of the way the Cali-fornia vote would have shaken out, but it would not surprise me if it turned out in this election that Democratic Senators and candidates for the Senate received a bigger popular vote than Re-publican Senators and candidates for the Senate. Those numbers are not in yet. My point is that I hope President- Elect Trump will recognize that in a divided Nation, it makes more sense and it will bind us together better if we try to work together across party lines rather than try to ramrod a hard-right partisan agenda through. There is no place I can think of—perhaps infra-structure, but few places where we are more willing to hear his ideas and work with him than on draining the swamp. The environment here in Washington is obviously one that lends itself to very substantial political manipula-tion. In all of that political manipula-tion, most of the cards are with the big special interests. Indeed, corporate lob-bying of Congress has been reviewed and measured as being more than all other lobbying of Congress combined by a ratio of 30 to 1. So if we are won-dering where the power structure comes down here in this building, think about a 30-to-1 advantage for cor-porate lobbying over all other lobbying combined. There are issues where I think we can work together if, in fact, President- Elect Trump wishes to drain the swamp. There are substantive issues. One of the things I have been con-cerned about has been the carried in-terest loophole, which is a quirk of the Tax Code that allows people who are hedge fund billionaires to pay a lower tax rate than a brick mason or a truck-driver does. That, to me, is not fair. We have seen some reflections of this in studies that looked at, for instance, an enormous building in Manhattan in New York City. The building is so big that it has its own ZIP Code, and be-cause the Internal Revenue Service calculates tax payments and income by ZIP Code, we can get a general sense of how much money the individuals in that building make and how much they pay in taxes. What we see when we look at that study is that the average income of the inhabitants of that building is well over $1 million, but the tax rate they paid was actually in the low teens in terms of a percentage tax rate. And if you look at what the De-partment of Labor says about security workers and janitorial workers, we see that they pay more like a 20- to 30-per-cent tax rate in New York City. So what that leaves us with is a cir-cumstance in which the hedge fund mogul coming back to his luxury apartment building in his limousine, as he steps out into the rain, is paying a lower tax rate than the doorman or the security official or the janitor working in that building. The doorman holding the umbrella over the head of the bil-lionaire is probably paying a higher tax rate than the billionaire. I can see why Donald Trump raised that issue on the campaign, and I can see why crowds responded to that. It is a disgrace in the Tax Code. We would love to work with him, but then we look at who his transition team is. The chiefs of his transition team are a whole slew of hedge fund and Wall Street billionaires—the people getting out of the limo paying the low tax rates. When it comes time for Donald Trump to keep his promise on carried interest, it will be interesting to see if he can hold his own against the insid-ers around him who want to preserve this disgraceful tax loophole. We want to work with him on infra-structure. We think there should be a big infrastructure bill. The civil engi-neers of this country give our infra-structure a D. Everybody who drives on our roads or crosses our bridges knows we need to invest in infrastructure, but the Koch brothers have already thrown down a gauntlet saying they will chal-lenge the President-elect on that infra-structure plan. Will he have the strength to proceed, or will the insider lobbying political operation of the Koch brothers block him? It is another contest that remains to be seen be-tween insider politics and the Presi-dent-elect. Finally, the biggest swamp thing of them all is the fossil fuel industry. The fossil fuel industry has more or less taken over the Republican Party in Congress. What remains of the Repub-lican Party in Congress is a little bit like what remains of that unfortunate farmer in ‘‘Men in Black’’ whose body was occupied by the alien, who then walked around in the skin and the overalls of the unfortunate farmer. The fossil fuel industry is a special interest. It is the biggest swamp thing in the swamp. Will the President-elect be willing to take it on in any respect? That, too, remains to be seen. There are a lot of very powerful crea-tures in the swamp. It is one thing to say you are going to drain it; it is an-other thing to actually take them on. I am here to assure the President- elect that not just I but many Demo-crats would like to work with him to-ward responsible climate policies, not-withstanding the nefarious presence of the fossil fuel industry; toward an in-frastructure bill, notwithstanding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.036 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6444 November 17, 2016 
ideological position of the Koch broth-ers; and on carried interest, notwith-standing the infiltration already of his transition team by Wall Street special interests. With that, I yield the floor to my outstanding colleague from Massachu-setts. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, last week Hillary Clinton got about 1 mil-lion more votes than Donald Trump; yet here we are—Donald Trump won the Presidency. Across the Nation, ev-eryone is wondering what happens next. It has been barely a week, but we have already seen disgusting ideas emerging from Trump Tower: Put a White supremacist in the White House; float a plan to register all Muslim Americans; draw up plans to round up millions of human beings and rip fami-lies apart across this Nation. It is sick-ening, and we will fight back. But, hey, at least he promised to shake up our corrupt political system, right? I mean, after all, when President-Elect Trump announced his campaign, he called out the politicians who were ‘‘controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests.’’ When he accepted his party’s nomination at the Republican National Convention, he said, ‘‘When innocent people suffer, be-cause our political system [ . . . ] has sold out to some corporate lobbyist for cash—I am not able to look the other way.’’ He promised that he would ‘‘not be controlled by the donors, special in-terests, and lobbyists who have cor-rupted our politics and politicians for far too long’’ and that he would ‘‘drain the swamp’’ in Washington, DC. Those are his words, repeated loud and re-peated long during the campaign. President-Elect Trump has now named most of his transition team. So how is he doing on his rock-solid, dou-ble-down promise to get rid of the spe-cial interests and the lobbyists? Big surprise. Trump is not ‘‘draining the swamp.’’ Nope. He is inviting the big-gest, ugliest swamp monsters in the front door, and he is turning them loose on our government and on our economy. In just 1 week, the President- elect has elevated a slew of Wall Street bankers, industry insiders, and special interest lobbyists to run the show on his transition team. Let’s run through just a few examples. The guy in charge of staffing the Federal Communications Commission was on Verizon’s payroll and has pro-duced studies aimed at knee-capping the net neutrality rules. The guy in charge of picking the team that will decide energy policy in a Trump administration is a lobbyist for the oil and gas industry. The guy picked to staff up the De-partment of Agriculture is a ‘‘veteran food and agriculture lobbyist’’ whose firm has raked in millions representing the food industry. The guy leading the transition for the Environmental Protection Agency has been paid by the oil industry and denies that climate change is real. The guy heading up the transition team for the Social Security Adminis-tration is—you guessed it—a former lobbyist who spent much of his career working to cut and privatize the Social Security system. The guy—and, by the way, we may have noticed a pattern here: almost all guys—working on transportation and infrastructure is a founding partner at a law firm that lobbies for the National Asphalt Paving Association. The guy in charge of economic issues for the Trump transition team served for 6 years as chief economist at Bear Stearns—the Wall Street firm that helped crash our economy in 2008, and he now runs a consulting firm for Wall Street clients. Trump’s very first decision is to hand over the keys of government to the worst kind of DC insiders and special interests. It seems like all those prom-ises to stand up for working people were just a giant con. As the outrage has now spread, we have heard reports that Vice President- Elect Mike Pence has decided to re-move all lobbyists from the transition team. Yeah, I will believe it when I see it. If we learned anything from this campaign, it is that Team Trump will make up things if it seems convenient. Last night we already heard another version of his story. It seems that lob-byists can come on board, but only if they drop their formal lobby registra-tion when they join the team. Swamp monsters today, swamp monsters wear-ing clean shirts and ties for the transi-tion team tomorrow, and swamp mon-sters once the transition is over. Put-ting a clean shirt on a swamp monster doesn’t change anything. They have al-ready had ample opportunity to stuff transition plans with ideas that will be good for their well-connected clients, and they will be disastrous for every-one else. Besides, even if the lobbyists finish up early and leave, the Trump transi-tion team is still full of industry insid-ers seeking special deals for themselves and for their companies. This isn’t sub-tle, and you don’t have to take my word for it. Here is how Politico put it this morning: ‘‘A populist candidate who railed against shady financial in-terests on the campaign trail is now putting together an administration that looks like an investment banker’s dream.’’ In the same article, one histo-rian said, ‘‘You would have to go back to the 1920s to see so much Wall Street influence coming to Washington.’’ So what happened? How come the guy who spent the election tweeting ‘‘I’m not controlled by lobbyists or spe-cial interests’’ is stuffing his transition team full of lobbyists and special inter-ests? Well, when you ask the President- elect about his flip-flop, he says he needs lobbyists on his team because ‘‘they know the system.’’ He said, ‘‘Everybody’s a lobbyist’’ in DC. That is literally the opposite of what he said during the campaign, and it is also not true. Many Americans, both inside and outside Washington, have plenty of ex-pertise to serve the American public without being bought and paid for by special interests. Americans are angry about a Federal Government that works for the rich and powerful and that leaves everyone else in the dirt. Donald Trump knows that. He talked a good game during the campaign, and he promised to end cor-ruption. He promised to drain the swamp. And after 1 week, we have seen what Donald Trump’s promise means— nothing. His word, his promise to the American people, is worth nothing. Well, Mr. President-Elect, let me be clear: I am ready to fight on behalf of the millions of Americans you have lied to. That includes the millions who voted for you and the millions who didn’t. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHANIE SCHISLER Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to my Deputy Chief of Staff Stephanie Schisler, who is retiring this week after 41 years of service in the Senate. She has been working here longer than 99 of the cur-rent Members of the Senate, which you would never know by looking at her be-cause she still looks amazingly youth-ful, but she and Senator L
EAHY , our longest serving Senator today, both began their careers in the Senate in 1975. Her dedication to this institution and to serving our country is abso-lutely remarkable. Stephanie is a well-known member of the Senate community, having worked for me as well as four other Senators— Richard Stone, a Democrat from Flor-ida; Bob Kasten, a Republican from Wisconsin; a good friend of mine, Dirk Kempthorne, a Republican from Idaho; and Blanche Lincoln, a Democrat from Arkansas, before joining our office. She has a remarkable record. Stephanie’s bipartisan resume is a testament to her expertise and her skill, but also to her integrity. Steph-anie is beloved by the entire Senate community, from fellow staffers to Capitol police officers, to folks who maintain the building. It seems as though she knows all of them, if you can believe that. She has built wonder-ful relationships on the Hill, which is one of the reasons she is so effective. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.037 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6445 November 17, 2016 
No matter what you ask of her, Steph knows who to call and how to get the job done and done well. That includes everything from hanging animal mounts in my front office, such as a huge buffalo or bison head, which couldn’t have been an easy proposition, but she figured out how to get it done. Now there is even a drone suspended from the ceiling in our conference room. While Stephanie has always excelled at her job, she has also helped those around her succeed. She has an eye for recognizing talent. For example, when she worked for Senator Kasten of Wis-consin, she hired a young man by the name of P
AUL RYAN as an intern. Of course, today he is Speaker of the House. Stephanie has always been able to see the potential in people, and that is a great example. She has always worked very hard to help them to suc-ceed. She has been a mentor and a sur-rogate mother to many staffers, not only in my office but in other offices and throughout her tenure working at the Senate. I want to thank her husband Gordon and her children Nick and Leigh for supporting Stephanie during all those late nights and long weeks throughout her career. Stephanie is truly a unique indi-vidual and an irreplaceable member of my team. I keep pleading for her not to retire, but so far it hasn’t worked. I am not giving up, though. She is truly somebody who cannot be replaced. While we will miss Steph, we are grateful for the positive impact she has had on so many lives with her amazing influence for good in the Senate. We thank her for her service to our coun-try, and we wish her the best as she be-gins this new chapter in her life. We are so appreciative to have had Steph as part of our team, and we will truly miss her. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BANNON APPOINTMENT Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise today to address the President-elect’s selection of Stephen Bannon, a divisive figure and former head of the alt-right Web site Breitbart to serve as Chief Strategist and Senior Counsel to the President. In the early hours of November 9, after it became clear that he had offi-cially won the race for the White House, President-Elect Trump ap-peared before his supporters to deliver a victory speech. He said, ‘‘Now it’s time for America to bind the wounds of division. . . . To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this Nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people.’’ After a long and contentious cam-paign, it seemed to me that the Presi-dent-elect implicitly acknowledged that some of the rhetoric he had used during the race had alienated and of-fended many of our communities. He said, ‘‘I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be the President for all Americans.’’ It is no secret that I did not support President-Elect Trump during the cam-paign, but despite the fact that I dis-agreed passionately with our Presi-dent-elect about the best way to ap-proach many if not most of the chal-lenges facing our Nation, I truly be-lieve that there are places where we can find some common ground. We both understand the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure and to send Americans back to work repairing our roads, bridges, and schools. Both President-Elect Trump and I support closing the carried inter-est loophole, which allows private eq-uity and hedge fund managers to avoid paying their fair share of taxes. These are issues on which I look forward to working with the next administration, so one can understand why I was en-couraged by President-Elect Trump’s call for unity. Once an election is over and the heat of the campaign has sub-sided, the American people expect our leaders to come together to find com-mon cause and get to work solving our Nation’s problems. I was disappointed when, just a few days later, I learned that the Presi-dent-elect had selected former Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon to serve as his Chief Strategist and Senior Counsel, a position the President-elect described as an ‘‘equal partner’’ to his incoming White House Chief of Staff. The selection of Mr. Bannon to serve at the very highest level of our govern-ment does not signal a willingness to set aside our differences and embrace unity—far from it. Before Mr. Bannon joined the Trump campaign, where he was widely credited as the chief archi-tect of its most corrosive tactics, Mr. Bannon was the executive chairman of Breitbart News. Breitbart News, for those who are not familiar with it, is a conservative Web site founded by the late Andrew Breitbart. Even from its inception, Breitbart was a bastion of far-right ide-ology whose writers and editorial edi-tors unapologetically courted con-troversy. But the site took a darker turn shortly after Mr. Bannon took it over in 2012. ‘‘I think anger is a good thing,’’ Mr. Bannon is quoted as telling a gathering of conservative activists, and it shows. Mr. Bannon guided Breitbart away from more mainstream conservative opinion to instead traffic in an ide-ology of racism, misogyny, xenophobia, homophobia, and anti-Semitism. Even a former Breitbart editor, who has la-mented the site’s hard shift to the ex-treme right, described its comment section as ‘‘turning into a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers.’’ This Senator thinks it is important for the public to understand exactly how Mr. Bannon’s Breitbart describes its fellow citizens. Here are just a few articles that Breitbart published under Mr. Bannon’s direction. ‘‘Gabby Giffords: The Gun Control Movement’s Human Shield.’’ Included in this article is the line, ‘‘Giffords is their human shield—the gun control representative who could do and say what she wanted without facing any real pressure to prove her claims were true.’’ Two weeks to the day after nine peo-ple were murdered at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC, Breitbart published, ‘‘Hoist it High and Proud: The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious Heritage.’’ In the article, the writer asks: ‘‘Barack, you might just want to remind us again which state of the Union, north or south, your ancestors resided in during the traumatic years 1861–1865? Or did Kenya not have a dog in that fight?’’ In ‘‘Political Correctness Protects Muslim Rape Culture,’’ the author de-scribes cases of sexual assault in Eu-rope, but warns that ‘‘you won’t hear much about it in U.S. mainstream media because the epidemic is a by-product of the influx into Europe of a million, mostly Muslim, migrants.’’ ‘‘Mexico is Sending us Colonists, Not Immigrants’’ is a story in which read-ers are warned that ‘‘Mexico sees Mexi-cans in the United States as strategic assets in every sense of that word. They are seen as extensions of the Mexican state and partners in Mexico’s plan.’’ This is nasty stuff. This is vile. It comes all the way from the top, from Mr. Bannon himself. In July, Mr. Bannon wrote a piece for Breitbart, in which he accused his political oppo-nents of a ‘‘plot to take down Amer-ica’’ by focusing on the need to im-prove the relationship between law en-forcement and communities of color. That was the plot to take down Amer-ica. The article opened with Mr. Bannon explicitly and baselessly linking the man responsible for shooting police of-ficers in Dallas, TX, to the Black Lives Matter movement. Mr. Bannon wrote: ‘‘Five police officers are murdered in Dallas by a [hashtag] Black Lives Mat-ter-type activist-turned-sniper.’’ There is no question that the Dallas shooter was a troubled man who harbored hate in his heart, a man whom investigators determined was himself motivated by racist ideologies, but there is no evi-dence suggesting that the shooter was a member of Black Lives Matter, a movement born in opposition to vio-lence and hate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.039 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6446 November 17, 2016 
He was not an ‘‘activist-turned-snip-er,’’ a turn of phrase Mr. Bannon craft-ed to suggest that two roles exist along a continuum, to suggest that it is only a matter of time before the peaceful protesters take up arms. It is bad enough that Mr. Bannon sought to fan the flames of fear, anx-iety, and turn our communities against Americans peacefully exercising their first amendment rights. Mr. Bannon’s article did not stop at impugning activ-ists who protest officer-involved shoot-ings. No. Mr. Bannon proceeded to cast suspicion upon an entire race. He wrote: 
Here’s a thought: What if the people get-ting shot by the cops did things to deserve it? There are, after all, in this world, some people who are naturally aggressive and vio-lent. 
Wild conspiracy theories aside, there is a name for that kind of tactic. It is called a dog whistle. To some, such rhetoric may not appear overtly racist, and make no mistake, that is by de-sign. Not every person who hears that kind of language understands that by saying that ‘‘some people are naturally aggressive and violent,’’ Mr. Bannon is suggesting that Black people—after all the ones who were shot by the police— are naturally aggressive and violent. But to the alt-right, to those who read his Web site, Mr. Bannon’s mean-ing is all too clear. Now, Mr. Bannon does not always attempt to cloak his views. At times, connecting lines he draws are much clearer. In the very same article, Mr. Bannon suggested that efforts by the Obama administra-tion to pursue gun safety measures in the wake of the Orlando shooting are nothing more than an effort to divert attention away from refugees. Never mind that refugees were not involved in the incident. Let’s all remember that the tragedy at the Pulse Night-club in Orlando, a shooting in which 49 people were murdered, and 53 others were wounded, was carried out by an American-born U.S. citizen. Nonetheless, Mr. Bannon wrote: ‘‘In the wake of Orlando, the Obama ad-ministration, with Hillary Clinton cheering it on, intoned against guns and ‘hate,’ and is now back to import-ing more hating Muslims.’’ To suggest that members of a peace-ful protest movement like Black Lives Matter were in league with a cold- blooded killer, that the sympathies of the President of the United States lie not with the victims of gun violence but instead with those who would seek to do us harm, to pit members of vul-nerable communities against one an-other—LGBT people against refugees, peaceful protesters against the cops who rushed to shield them from gun-fire—is abhorrent. Regrettably, we have no reason to be-lieve Mr. Bannon would not seek to de-ploy such tactics from the White House. After all, they featured promi-nently in the Trump campaign’s final television ad. In the spot, the Presi-dent-elect’s voice warns that ‘‘those who control the levers of power in Washington’’ and ‘‘global special inter-ests’’ don’t have America’s best inter-ests at heart. At the same time, images of George Soros, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein—all prominent Jews—flash on the screen. To those who may not know better, such an ad could seem in-nocuous, but, to me, its message is ob-vious. The ad’s anti-Semitic overtones, which draw on an old and hateful con-spiracy theory about Jews controlling banks and financial markets, were ob-vious to me. I called it a German shep-herd whistle designed to be heard in some of the darkest remaining corners of our country and our world. Politics that rely on this type of innuendo— Stephen Bannon’s brand of politics— has no place in a modern Presidential campaign, and it certainly has no place in the White House. Let’s be clear. The use of racially charged rhetoric and innuendo is repul-sive. The very purpose of deploying dog-whistle politics in the context of a campaign is to attract the support of people who harbor hateful ideologies without offending the sensibilities of more mainstream voters. Every Member of this body should condemn rhetoric that sows the seeds of discourse. It is our obligation, not just as Senators but as Americans, to stand up to Mr. Bannon’s hateful, deci-sive brand of politics and reject it. We cannot change the fact that such strat-egy has played a role in this campaign, but moving forward, it is imperative that we not allow these corrosive tac-tics to become normalized. We cannot allow them to become a regular part of our politics. If President-Elect Trump truly meant what he said during his victory speech, if he truly hopes to be Presi-dent for all Americans, he will recog-nize that such tactics stand in the way of that goal and he will renounce them. The women and men the leader chooses to surround himself with show the pub-lic what kind of leader he will be. President-Elect Trump has a choice: Will he truly attempt to ‘‘bind the wounds of division’’ or will our next President seek counsel from a man who proudly traffics in hatred, half-truths, and pernicious innuendo? Will Presi-dent-Elect Trump’s administration open its doors to all people or will it seek to govern from exploiting old prejudices and pitting us against one another? The campaign is over, but the wounds inflicted during a long battle remain raw. It is time to set about the work of healing them. I urge President-Elect Trump to begin that work by surrounding him-self with people equal to the task. Mr. Bannon is not one of them. He should not serve in the next administration. I call on President-Elect Trump to ap-peal to America’s better angels and to reject the dark politics represented by Stephen Bannon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, our Nation has gone through a difficult, bruising Presidential election. Nor-mally, we would be making the pivot to healing those wounds, but this elec-tion has been particularly rough, and the wounds sustained during the cam-paign continue to haunt our Nation. Many groups of Americans across our country are frightened for the future, of being deported, of being targeted as Muslims, of resurgent racism toward African Americans, of anti-Semitism, of losing their right to marry the per-son they love. Unfortunately, they have good rea-son to be afraid. We have seen a surge, a wave of hateful bigoted, racist, sexist attacks happening in communities across our country since the election. The divisive rhetoric and conduct of President-Elect Donald Trump’s cam-paign over the past year and a half is responsible for unleashing this blight on our country. He has the responsi-bility to turn things around, to put an end to this division, and to start the healing. That is why, earlier today, 10 of my colleagues in the Senate joined me to send a letter to President-Elect Trump, demanding that he stand up and con-demn these verbal and physical attacks occurring around this country, that he denounce his own past campaign rhet-oric that gave life to so many of these acts of hate and violence, and that he exclude proponents of hatred and dis-crimination from the ranks of his ad-ministration, including immediately firing white supremacist Steve Bannon as his Chief Strategist. Here is what the text of the letter says: 
Mr. President-Elect: Your campaign conduct and Electoral Col-lege victory have unleashed a wave of verbal and physical assaults against our fellow Americans. In just the last six days, the Southern Poverty Law Center has docu-mented hundreds of acts of discrimination and violence toward many of the ethnic and social groups you attacked in your cam-paign. These attacks are absolutely unac-ceptable. We condemn them. We stand united with our fellow citizens. Unfortunately, these acts of hate have been enabled by your campaign strategy of promoting bigotry, racism, and sexism. It is the logical consequence of your campaign at-tacks on and discrimination aimed at His-panics, African Americans, veterans, immi-grants, women, Muslims, Jews, and individ-uals with disabilities. Millions of Americans see a President-elect who has chosen to knock them down rather than to lift them up. Your conduct has empowered too many Americans to act on their darkest impulses. This is the wrong vision for America and the wrong path for your coming Administra-tion. We call on you to change course. We urge you, as our future President, to join us in rejecting hate and embracing respect for every ethnicity, race and gender. We urge you to join us in fighting for a nation free of discrimination, where every child has the op-portunity to thrive and contribute according to his or her ability. We urge you to join us in fighting for our Constitutional vision of equality and opportunity and the vision in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.040 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6447 November 17, 2016 
our Pledge of Allegiance of liberty and jus-tice for all. As you assume the mantle of leadership in office, it is your responsibility to put an end to the crimes of hate and prejudice sweeping our nation. These wounds to our national citizenry are of your making. It is your re-sponsibility to rectify the damage. You have the power as President to move beyond the hate-filled rhetoric of your campaign. We call on you to repudiate your campaign attacks against diverse communities of Americans. We call on you to address the American people and demand that all Americans end these verbal and physical attacks and re-place acts of hatred with acts of kindness. We call on you to exclude the proponents of discrimination and hatred from the ranks of your Administration, and that includes immediately firing Steve Bannon as your Chief Strategist. 
The letter concludes: 
It is time for you to act boldly and power-fully to put the nation on a path of healing. For the sake of all Americans, we call on you to rise to the challenge. 
In addition to myself, it is signed by Senator M
AZIE HIRONO , Senator E LIZA-
BETH WARREN , Senator S HERROD  B
ROWN , Senator E DMARKEY , Senator B
ERNARD SANDERS , Senator A L F
RANKEN , who spoke so eloquently a few moments ago, Senator R
ONWYDEN , Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW , Senator- Elect C
HRIS VANHOLLEN , and Senator T
OMCARPER . I thank my colleagues who have ap-propriately said that at this moment— at this unusual moment in our history, in our time here in the 21st century— that we have a President-elect playing on hate and prejudice and bringing a white supremacist in as Chief Adviser is unacceptable. Some will say that President-Elect Trump cannot himself be accountable for what is happening across our coun-try, but they are wrong. His words and his conduct are directly connected to the harassment and the physical and verbal assaults that we are seeing. I am going to share with you all the comments of the campaign and the acts of citizens in category after cat-egory to show how these are tied to-gether—how, indeed, these verbal as-saults and these physical assaults are motivated by and justified by the cam-paign of our President-elect—just to emphasize that it is time for our Presi-dent-elect to take responsibility, to change course, to embrace the connect-edness of our American communities, the vision of equality and opportunity in our Constitution, the vision of a na-tion with justice for all, and the fact that our President should be working to raise up all families—not raising up a few by tearing down the rest. Let’s start by looking at what Mr. Trump said about our Nation’s Latino citizens. At the start of his campaign, Mr. Trump said: 
When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending the best . . . they’re sending people with lots of problems and they’re bringing those problems with them. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rap-ists. . . . And some, I assume, are good peo-ple. Later in the campaign he promised to build a wall—‘‘a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.’’ When discussing Judge Gonzalo Curiel, a U.S. district judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump Univer-sity—by the way, an American-born citizen—the President-elect said the judge couldn’t be impartial and should be removed from the case because ‘‘this judge is of Mexican heritage.’’ Judge Curiel was born and raised in Indiana. Mr. Trump’s right-hand man, his des-ignated Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon, used his position at Breitbart News to continue attacks against Latinos. Under his leadership, Breitbart frequently used anti-immi-grant slurs and published ‘‘war on Spanish’’ and nativist-appealing con-tent in his quest to make his platform a platform for White nationalism. It is important to note that even many Republicans and conservative commentators believe that Mr. Bannon is a man with unconscionable views and frightening ties to white suprema-cist movements. John Weaver, a former top adviser to Governor John Kasich tweeted of Mr. Bannon’s selection as Chief Strategist: ‘‘The racist, fascist extreme is rep-resented footsteps from the Oval Of-fice.’’ Ana Navarro, a Republican strate-gist, called Bannon: ‘‘White suprema-cist, anti gay, anti Semite, vindictive.’’ Ana then said: ‘‘Be afraid, America.’’ Glenn Beck, known to all of us as a rightwing radio commentator—a very conservative commentator, a person who has attacked virtually every idea to help working America that comes from the blue side of the aisle—said Bannon is ‘‘terrifying’’ and said that he has helped to give voice to White na-tionalists. Former KKK leader David Duke and the American Nazi Party have praised Bannon’s elevation to the White House. So there should be no mistaking or sugar coating what precisely this indi-vidual, Steve Bannon, stands for. Under his leadership, Breitbart be-came a leader in anti-Latino, nativist material—one headline after another attacking Hispanics here in America. So when we look at what is hap-pening right at this moment to Latinos today, what do we see? We see students in our schools taunting and bullying their classmates. At DeWitt Junior High School in Lansing, MI, White stu-dents formed a human wall and refused to let their Latino classmates into the school. In Ventura, CA, a Latino mother re-ported seeing fifth graders at her child’s school chanting: ‘‘Build a wall.’’ Latinos all across our Nation are being harassed and told they are going to be deported, they don’t belong here in America, even if they were born here in America. In Andover, MA, a group of white men in a car threw a water bottle at a young Hispanic woman and screamed: ‘‘Time to go back to your country’’— insert expletive—‘‘my man Trump is on top now and we don’t want you here!’’ In Southern California, a college stu-dent was accosted by a man who said: 
I can’t wait until Trump asks us to rape your people and send you back over the big-gest damn wall we’re going to build. Go back to hell. 
Then he inserted a racist slur for a Mexican and then threw water in the young woman’s face. Walls all across the Nation are being spray painted with phrases such as: ‘‘Build the Wall Higher.’’ In the face of attacks such as these, it is hard to remember that we are, in-deed, a nation of immigrants. Unless you are 100-percent Native American, you are the child, grandchild, great grandchild, or the descendent of immi-grants. Your forefathers and foremothers came to our country and felt they had come to a place where they could thrive. We have those beau-tiful words carved into the base of the Statue of Liberty: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearn-ing to breathe free.’’ It inspires all of us. Each one of us— again, unless we are 100-percent Native American—have an ancestor who came to the country and felt that moment of freedom and opportunity no matter where they had come from. Latinos are not the only group of Americans suffering because of the rhetoric of the Trump campaign. Afri-can Americans have become a signifi-cant target in post-Trump America, as too many take their cues from our next President’s words and actions towards that community—words like the ones President-Elect Trump used to talk about African Americans who work for him. He said: 
I’ve got black accountants at Trump Cas-tle and Trump Plaza. Black guys counting my money! I hate it. The only kind of people I want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day. 
He then went on to say: 
I think the guy is lazy. And it’s probably not his fault because laziness is a trait in blacks. It really is, I believe that. It’s not anything they can control. 
Those are the words of our President- elect. When he talked about the Black Lives Matter movement on FOX News, he said: 
I think they are trouble. I think they’re looking for trouble. 
He often shows a startling disconnect with the African-American commu-nity, generalizing that they all live in inner cities that he regularly describes as poverty-stricken war zones. This disconnect started very early on in his real estate career when Presi-dent-Elect Trump was publicly sued twice for discriminating against Afri-can Americans who were trying to rent apartments in his buildings. Of course, we can’t talk about Mr. Trump’s—President-Elect Trump’s—re-lations with the African-American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.041 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6448 November 17, 2016 
community without bringing up his longstanding promotion and advocacy of the birther movement, which tried to delegitimize our country’s first Afri-can-American President. Those efforts go back to 2011, when Mr. Trump was considering a run for the White House and said on one talk show: ‘‘If he wasn’t born in this coun-try, which is a real possibility . . . then he has pulled off one of the great cons in the history of politics.’’ He went on and on and on—month after month—questioning the legit-imacy of our President in office. To his credit, on that particular point Mr. Trump has recanted himself, but he used it as a race card time after time after time to delegitimize our President—President Obama—because he is African American. The views of President-Elect Trump’s right-hand man, his Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon, aren’t any better. Under Bannon’s leadership, Breitbart created a news section titled ‘‘Black Crime.’’ Just 2 weeks after the Charleston massacre in which nine African-Amer-ican churchgoers were slaughtered, Breitbart ran this headline. By the way, in that attack, the attacker used the Confederate flag as a symbol—a racist symbol—to justify attacking these nine individuals. What did Steve Bannon do? He ran this headline: ‘‘Hoist It High And Proud: The Confederate Flag Proclaims A Glorious Heritage.’’ In a lengthy July post on Breitbart, Bannon accused the left of a ‘‘plot to take down Amer-ica’’ by fixating on police shootings of Black citizens. Well, the list goes on and on, but he proceeded to say: ‘‘There are, after all, in this world, some people who are naturally aggres-sive and violent.’’ That is certainly a direct racist statement. And what is the result we see today of all of this racism from our Presi-dent-elect and from his Chief Strate-gist? Well, we have seen a startling rise in people’s willingness to use the ‘‘N’’ word in public. At a school in Maple Grove, MN, the boys bathroom was defaced by graffiti that included racial slurs such as the ‘‘N’’ word and porch monkeys, along-side pro-Trump messages such as ‘‘Trump Train’’ and ‘‘Make America Great Again.’’ Students from the University of Wis-consin-La Crosse who were living off campus found the quote ‘‘Go Home’’ and the ‘‘N’’ word written on their front door. A man in Knoxville, TN, woke up one morning to find his car vandalized with the phrase—and I am paraphrasing—ex-pletive deleted ‘‘U’’, insert ‘‘N’’ word, and then the word ‘‘Trump’’ spray- painted on his car. We have seen incidents harkening back to a time in history of discrimina-tion and segregation. At a high school in Jacksonville, FL, an individual put up these signs: ‘‘Col-ored’’ and ‘‘Whites Only’’—the time of Jim Crow in America, where African Americans were treated as second-class citizens—and a ‘‘Whites Only’’ sign was found on the door of a bathroom stall at a high school in Duluth, MN. These are just a few of the incidents. There are the assaults as well, one inci-dent after another of African Ameri-cans being assaulted. There is the soft-ball field dugout in Wellsville, NY, where the phrase ‘‘Make America White Again’’ was spray-painted and the defacement of a wall in Durham, NC, where someone decided to write ‘‘Black lives don’t matter and neither does your vote.’’ There was a horrific incident in my State of Oregon in which an African-American woman was attacked in the parking lot of a gro-cery store in Hillsboro, OR. A group of three men threw a brick at her, broke her ribs, called her the ‘‘N’’ word, threatened to rape her, and they said: Now we finally have a President who feels how we feel. It is hard to imagine how our Presi-dent-elect, with his own racist com-mentary, his own past acts of discrimi-nation, his own racist campaign, his own racist Chief Strategist, isn’t at all connected to these events sweeping the country. They are directly connected. And that is why we are calling on the President-elect to change course. The election is behind us. Before the Presi-dent-elect is 4 years of opportunities to improve the lives of Americans. Take the assaults of the past and make them the assaults of the past. Look to the vi-sion of partnership to build a better America in the years ahead. Leave that past behind. Martin Luther King, Jr., once said: 
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable. . . . Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and the pas-sionate concern of dedicated individuals. 
Let’s make that the spirit of the next 4 years, where together we are dedi-cated to progress for all Americans to-ward reaching that goal of opportunity and equality and justice. Another target has been our women across the country. Our President-elect repeatedly treated women as sexual ob-jects. Women have worked so hard to be seen as equals in our society. Women have flown as astronauts. They have reached the heights in science. They have reached peak after peak in leadership across our country. They bring their insight and wisdom to this Chamber here in the U.S. Senate and in the House of Representatives 100 yards across Capitol Hill. But our President-elect has seen it differently. Referring to the media, he said: ‘‘It doesn’t really matter what they write as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of’’—insert a demeaning term for women. He de-clared that ‘‘You don’t give a’’—insert expletive—‘‘if a girl can play a violin like the greatest violinist in the world. You want to know what does she look like.’’ Our President-elect derided a polit-ical opponent by commenting on her looks, saying, ‘‘look at that face! Would anybody vote for that? Can you imagine that, the next face of our President?’’ During the campaign, our President- elect called a female lawyer disgusting or at some point in passing he called a female lawyer disgusting because she asked to take a medical break to pump breast milk for her 3-month-old daugh-ter. I think we are all aware of the com-ments he made towards FOX News de-bate moderator Megyn Kelly—words I choose not to repeat at this moment. And then he said pregnant women are an inconvenience for his business. And of course our President-elect was caught on tape bragging about sexually assaulting women, saying: I’m just automatically attracted to beau-tiful—I just start kissing them. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. 
Then he went on to talk about grop-ing the women and being able to get away with it because he is a star. He has brought into the White House his Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon, who shares these views about women, putting up a headline: ‘‘There’s No Hir-ing Bias Against Women. . . . They Just Suck At Interviews.’’ Another one said: ‘‘The Solution to Online ‘Harassment’ is simple: Women Should Log Off.’’ Here is another: ‘‘Would You Rather Your Child Had Feminism or Cancer?’’ as if women’s rights are a disease. We see that these comments and the conduct of the President-elect and the comments of his Chief Strategist have had an impact. Two men at a concert in Ohio threatened to ‘‘Donald Trump’’ a female security guard because she wouldn’t let them into a restricted sec-tion of the venue. According to one teacher, a 10-year-old girl was taken home from school after a male class-mate grabbed her private parts, and when asked why he did it, the boy said that if a President can do it, he can do it too. In Oklahoma City, a woman was chased on the highway because of her Hillary bumper sticker, while men in another car hurled sexual insults at her. These are just a small number of the hundreds and hundreds of events hap-pening across this country. Every Member of this body, every Member of the Senate can relate stories from peo-ple who have shared with them over the past few weeks, stories from their constituents who have written to them to share the harassment they have suf-fered. We have just seen a historic mile-stone. We have had, for the first time, a woman as the nominee of a major po-litical party—and not only that, she got a lot more votes than did Donald Trump. The women’s suffrage move-ment has come so far since the days when Elizabeth Cady Stanton said: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent; that all men and women are cre-ated equal’’ and that ‘‘the history of the past is but one long struggle to-ward equality.’’ We have come a long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.042 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6449 November 17, 2016 
ways in the few decades since Martin Luther King said that the moral arc of the universe is long but it bends to-wards justice. Across our country, citi-zens have worked to bend that arc in this vision of a nation that embraces opportunity for all—not opportunity only for the rich and powerful to have more opportunity, but opportunity for all, for every child to have the ability to contribute to this country. My father, now deceased, was a me-chanic. He never went to college. But he told me when I was in grade school: Son, if you go through the doors of that schoolhouse and you work hard, you can do just about anything here in America. That is the vision we want to strive toward, where the son of a me-chanic, the daughter of a janitor, the child of a Hispanic couple or an Afri-can-American couple or a gay couple or a lesbian couple—where every child has the opportunity to thrive. To do that, we have to set aside these racist at-tacks, these sexist attacks. Another target has been our Muslim- American community. For the last year and a half, they, like other groups of Americans, have been denigrated and insulted by President-Elect Trump and his campaign. His campaign has worked to fan the flames of Islamophobia. Take Mr. Trump’s views on registering Muslim-Americans. When asked whether the United States should have a registry of Muslims, he said, ‘‘I would certainly implement that. Absolutely. . . . There should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems.’’ When the reporter followed by asking ‘‘Would Muslims be required to register?’’ he answered, ‘‘They have to be. They have to be.’’ Well, let me share with the Presi-dent-elect that we are not a nation that discriminates because of one’s re-ligion. It is called freedom of religion. Our vision is opportunity for all. There were nations that discriminated based on religion. Those were European na-tions. That is why a lot of our fore-fathers came here—to escape that op-pression and to have the freedom to thrive and to maintain the religious views they wanted to have, not what somebody else told them they had to have, or to be imprisoned, or register them for discrimination because of their religious background. So when any American attacks our Muslim-American brothers and sisters, we need to stand with them shoulder to shoulder. And if any other religious group is attacked, we need to stand with them shoulder to shoulder and stand for the vision of opportunity and equality for all. That is what every Member of this Chamber should be coming down here to say—that when those groups are attacked, we will stand with them because that is not the vision of America. That is not the spirit of America. That certainly is 100 percent contrary to the vision of Amer-ica. Our President-elect tried to foment fear of Muslims seeking refuge in our Nation from war zones. He told a crowd in Minneapolis that allowing refugees into our country ‘‘will import genera-tions of terrorism, extremism and radi-calism into your schools and through-out your communities.’’ This state-ment is so far diverged from the truth as to make it impossible to recognize where he got this notion. Every expert will tell you that if a terrorist wants to come into our Nation, the hardest path is to come as a refugee: You have to go to refugee camp, you have to be reg-istered, you have to be vetted for years, and if you are male, you are probably not going to make it, but be-cause the goal was to foment Islamophobia, this lie was repeated again and again. It is much easier to come into our country on a tourist visa, a business visa, a student visa, not a refugee settlement visa. Our President-elect told the same crowd that refugees settling in Min-nesota were ‘‘joining ISIS and spread-ing their extremist views all over our country. . . . ‘’ Now there are reports from some con-nected with the transition team that the incoming administration is consid-ering implementing a system for reg-istering Muslim Americans, just as President-Elect Trump talked about, and using our country’s shameful in-ternment of Japanese Americans to justify this idea because it is a prece-dent. Let me be clear: Imprisoning fel-low Americans as we did during World War II was a shameful and dark chap-ter and a mistake. We need to make sure we remember that it was a mis-take and never use it as a precedent for action in the future. Then, again, here we have our Presi-dent-elect’s Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon, who has run headlines like, ‘‘Political Correctness Protects the Muslim Rape Culture’’ or ‘‘Imme-diately After Muslim Mayor Elected, London’s Iconic Buses Proclaim, ‘Glory to Allah.’’’ Mr. Bannon has personally suggested that we are in a global war against Islam. So it is no wonder the rhetoric of our President-elect and the leader of the White supremacist Web site is causing discrimination and confrontation with Muslim Americans around our country. Some are being physically assaulted, like the woman at San Jose University who lost her balance and choked when a man attempted to rip off her headscarf or the Muslim student at the University of Illinois Urbana-Cham-paign campus who reported having a knife pulled on her. Then there are those who are being verbally abused and otherwise intimi-dated, including a woman riding the BART train in San Francisco who was accosted when another passenger called her a terrorist who should be deported, and a pickup truck that has been driv-ing around Brooksville, FL, with writ-ing on it that says: ‘‘All Muslims are Terrorists,’’ ‘‘Deport them all,’’ and ‘‘I hate Muslims.’’ In Georgia, a Muslim teacher found a note left for her that said: ‘‘Headscarf isn’t allowed any-more’’ and telling her to ‘‘hang your-self with it.’’ That is the level of Islamophobia sweeping our Nation at this very moment, inspired by the rhet-oric of our President-elect and his Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon, and it is unacceptable. It needs to stop. As Robert Kennedy once said, ‘‘America’s answer to the intolerant man is diversity—the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired.’’ We need to embrace that heritage, we need to cherish that herit-age, and we need to strive to live up to the best instincts of our Nation, not the darkest impulses. Yet another group that is feeling threatened is our LGBTQ community. I will note that Donald Trump in his campaign did not attack our LGBTQ community overtly, and he said on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ the other night, as the ques-tion of same-sex marriage came up, the question of same-sex marriage is ‘‘set-tled.’’ Actions speak as well as words, and of all the possible men and women he could choose as a running mate, he chose now-Vice President-Elect Mike Pence, the most anti-LGBTQ Governor in America. This individual is someone who has signed a draconian religious ‘‘liberty law’’ in Indiana that allows in-dividuals and businesses to discrimi-nate against the LGBTQ community. Our Vice President-elect supported conversion therapy to change people’s sexual behavior. As a radio host, he gave a speech and declared marital equality would lead to ‘‘societal col-lapse.’’ Mr. Trump’s Chief Strategist echoes much of this. One headline on Breitbart News said: ‘‘Dear Straight People: I’m Officially Giving You Per-mission to Say’’—and then it goes on to list anti-LGBTQ slurs. Another headline that he put up on his Web site said: ‘‘Gay Rights Have Made Us Dumber, It’s Time to Get Back in The Closet.’’ Yet another headline said: ‘‘Kids Raised By Same-Sex Couples Twice As Likely To Be Depressed, Fat Adults.’’ How has this kind of rhetoric im-pacted our Nation since the election? A gay couple in Ogden, UT, woke up to find their car vandalized with anti-gay slurs painted on the side. Rainbow flags, the symbol of the LGBTQ move-ment around the world, were burned in Rochester, NY. An individual in North Carolina found a note on their car that said: 
Can’t wait until your ‘‘marriage’’ is over-turned by a real president. Gay families = burn in hell #Trump 2016. 
Like so many of the other groups of Americans I have talked about, the LGBTQ community has struggled for a long time to be accepted, to be recog-nized as full members of our society, to not be discriminated against when they seek employment in our country, to have the same rights against discrimi-nation that we adopted for race and gender and ethnicity in 1964. We have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.043 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6450 November 17, 2016 
come a ways, but we haven’t yet made it to the point that we have provided the same foundation against discrimi-nation that we provided in 1964 to other groups. So while Donald Trump himself did not attack the LGBTQ community, the person he chose as Vice President and the person he elevated to Chief Strate-gist for the White House very much have, and that is a powerful, powerful message that has unleashed attacks across this country. As our next President, Donald Trump has the responsibility to put an end to the prejudice and to put an end to the hate crimes sweeping our Nation and to calm the fears and anxieties of mil-lions of Americans who are frightened about their future in this country— about whether they will have an oppor-tunity to contribute to this country, whether they will be fired from their job, whether their car will be vandal-ized, whether their children will be taunted and bullied, whether they will be attacked in a parking lot. Across the Nation, thousands of peo-ple have been turning out to walk the streets and to protest. They are trying to send a message. Sometimes that message has gone off-track. In Portland, OR, thousands turned out to send this message to our Presi-dent elect: Put the hate speech and hate acts behind you. Don’t bring White supremacists or deeply preju-diced individuals into your administra-tion. Let’s have a next 4 years that em-braces all Americans and their oppor-tunity to succeed. They are trying to send a message by walking with their feet from park to park, across bridges, through the streets. Unfortunately, some anarchists de-cided to destroy the effectiveness of this protest by breaking windows and setting some fires. The organizers of these protests condemn the anarchists and try to keep them out, and most of the protests have succeeded. I ask for our President-elect, if you won’t listen to those of us who are pub-licly asking you to change course, and if you won’t listen to my colleagues who are privately calling you and say-ing to you and your team to change course, then listen to the people in the streets across America who are trying to peacefully convey the message that we are a diverse nation, with a fabu-lous vision of embracing people of every religion and every ethnicity and every race. Let’s continue that tradi-tion. Let’s strengthen that tradition. Let’s build on that tradition. That is the message all of us are trying to send. I join my colleagues to repeat the re-quests we have made on the floor in Senate, the letter we sent to you, the message sent privately by many of my colleagues sitting across the aisle, the message sent by many of our leaders from civil rights groups and other or-ganizations who have contacted the transition team, the message that has echoed with thousands and thousands of emails sent to Capitol Hill to ask us to help convey this message. From every direction, Americans are reaching out and saying: End the hate speech. End the hate commentary. Bring people into your administration who believe in opportunity and justice for all. Change directions. It is a time for leadership. It is time for our President-Elect Donald Trump to rise to the occasion and to help build a nation that provides the foun-dation for every American to thrive. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING ALASKA’S LAW ENFORCEMENT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, as many of my colleagues know, I have been proud to associate myself with the work of the National Law Enforce-ment Officers Memorial Fund. I have been doing this for the many years I have been here in the Senate, and I have been privileged over the years to read the names of Alaska’s fallen law enforcement officers. They have a can-dlelight vigil that occurs at that me-morial every May. It is an extraor-dinarily powerful and moving vigil. From my seat, I am able to look out and see thousands of individuals, and directly in front of the stage they have the wives, husbands, parents, and chil-dren of those officers who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice. As I think of the fami-lies, individuals, and those who have served and paid the ultimate sacrifice, it is very difficult to find words that express the depth of my gratitude for their service or the depth of my sor-row. It is a great honor to be asked and a duty to demonstrate my solidarity with the thin blue line. I go each year hoping that I will not be invited back the next year because that would mean Alaska did not lose a law enforcement officer in the previous year. Unfortu-nately, I will be invited back to the 2017 ceremony because the year 2016, this year, I am sad to say has been a most difficult one for the law enforce-ment community in Alaska. This past autumn has been particularly difficult. Since this body recessed at the end of September, 25 law enforcement officers have lost their lives in the line of duty—15 to gunfire. Firearms-related law enforcement fatalities are up 70 percent according to the Officer Down Memorial Page. This year we have to contend with a particular type of fire-arms-related fatality, the ambush shooting. This year, 2016, will go down in the annals of law enforcement as the year of the ambush shooting. From Stanislaus County, CA, to Canonsburg, PA; from New York City to Des Moines, IA; from Peach County, GA, to Palm Springs, CA, it seems no corner of the country is immune from this tragic trend. Unfortunately, Alaska is not immune from it either. Just this last Saturday, on November 12, Anchorage police officer Arn Salao was dispatched on a call involving an individual who failed to pay a taxi fair, and as he pulled up to the scene, an in-dividual opened fire on his patrol car. Officer Salao exited his car and began to return fire, but he was struck four times before the assailant was brought down by Officer Salao and his backup. It turns out—we have just learned this within the past day—that the perpetra-tor’s gun was linked through ballistics to five homicides in Anchorage during this year of 2016. Officer Salao has undergone two sur-geries and he is expected to survive. On behalf of a grateful Senate, I will take this opportunity to recognize Anchor-age Police Officer Arn Salao for his bravery and his heroism, and wish him Godspeed in his recovery. I would also like to extend my appre-ciation to the men and women of the Anchorage Police Department under the able leadership of Chief Chris Tolley. Chief Tolley is very proud of his team—and justifiably so—from the officers on the scene to the dispatchers who calmly managed the situation, to the investigators who pieced together the story. Up in Fairbanks, to the north of An-chorage, we had a different outcome with a different ambush shooting. Ser-geant Allen Brandt of the Fairbanks Police Department was not so fortu-nate. On the evening of Saturday, Oc-tober 15, Sergeant Brandt gathered his four children, brought them together on his bed before he was going out to report for duty. That was ordinary for this sergeant—four young kids under the age of—I believe it is 8—all snug-gling with their dad as he prepared to read a story, as he did each and every day. Unfortunately, nothing beyond that was ordinary about that par-ticular evening. Sergeant Brandt had a premonition that he would get shot that evening, and he actually shared that with his family. Sergeant Brandt was dispatched to a call of shots fired in downtown Fair-banks later that evening. He pulled up on the scene. He was shot six times by an assailant who took his gun and his patrol car, leaving Sergeant Brandt on the street to die. Hearing the gunfire, Brenda Riley rushed out of her home. It was late. It was cold. She was wear-ing a robe and slippers, and she lit-erally held Sergeant Brandt in her arms while help arrived. The sergeant was first taken to Fair-banks Memorial Hospital, and then he was air-lifted to Alaska Regional Hos-pital in Anchorage. I had an oppor-tunity to visit with him just hours after the shooting there at the hospital in Anchorage and had an opportunity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:27 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.045 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6451 November 17, 2016 
to not only hear directly from Ser-geant Brandt about the circumstances behind the shooting but to share his thoughts with his wife present as well as his best friend. Sergeant Brandt was supposed to sur-vive. His most serious injury was shrapnel to the eye. He had been shot multiple times in the legs, took a shot directly to his chest, and, fortunately, the bulletproof vest saved him, but shrapnel came up into his eye. At the time I saw him, he had a patch. He was quite concerned that he would lose his eyesight and, if he lost his eyesight, he was concerned that he wouldn’t be able to continue to serve in the Fairbanks Police Department—a concern he said was very troubling. The sergeant was released from the hospital. He returned home to Fair-banks to thank Mrs. Riley and to thank the Fairbanks community for their support. Eight days after he was released from the hospital, Sergeant Brandt went to the Fairbanks City Council. He went to speak before the council. It was actually the same day that the new mayor was being sworn in, new council members were being sworn in. Sergeant Brandt wanted to thank the community of Fairbanks. A devout and humble man, Sergeant Brandt told the council that he has seen the hand of the Lord. Yet, he noted, we have many fine officers who have done greater and better things than I have. He said: Our officers do a very hard job and they need your support. Working weekends when their friends are working nights, sleeping during the day, the time that you miss with your family. In Sergeant Brandt’s words, officers do a hard job and most of the time thankless. He said: We need your sup-port and not just when bad things hap-pen. He asked the council: 
Can you imagine telling your kids before you go to work that you think you are going to be shot? That’s what our police officers deal with every day. I just want you to know what life is like for a police officer. 
Those were the words that Sergeant Brandt shared with the Fairbanks City Council. Later that week, Sergeant Brandt re-turned to Anchorage for scheduled eye surgery. He was fighting to save his eyes, again, in hopes of returning to duty. Unfortunately, Sergeant Brandt died from complications of that sur-gery. His assailant has been charged with murder in the first degree. Sergeant Brandt’s final public utter-ance—that the law enforcement family needs the support of the community and not just when an officer has been shot—these words must resonate throughout this Nation. As we reflect on a tragic year about to close, it is my sincere hope this will be our national resolve in the year to come. Like every other law enforcement of-ficer, Sergeant Brandt knew the risks and his family knew the risks. In spite of those risks, his wife Natasha sent him out to work each and every day be-cause the community needs people with Sergeant Brandt’s selflessness, his courage, and his integrity. So my thoughts today remain with Natasha Brandt and her four kids, who I hope will grow up to appreciate just how much of a hero and a role model their father was. My thoughts also remain with Bren-da Riley, who ran out of the house in her robe and slippers to come to the aid of an officer in distress, and with Phil McBroom of the North Pole Police De-partment, who is Allen’s best friend, who stood watch with him there at the hospital and who maintained vigil and then cared for Allen’s children, along with his own four kids, as well as with all of the men and women in law en-forcement. Once again, I join with my Senate colleagues in wishing Officer Salao a speedy recovery. f 
REMEMBERING EDWARD ITTA Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, it is following these sad and difficult comments that I continue my remarks this afternoon to pay tribute to a truly great Alaskan leader who lived a full and strong life. Today I rise to honor the life of Ed-ward Itta of Utqiagvik, AK, formerly known as Barrow. Mr. Itta passed away on November 6 after a very courageous battle with cancer. It is hard for me to even share com-ments about Mr. Itta’s life—Edward’s life—because he lived a life that was so remarkably full. As I look to the com-ments that I have prepared, it just doesn’t seem appropriate to recognize Edward, using the formality we have here in the Senate, with just words. Edward Itta was a visionary leader in our State. In many ways, like many Alaska Natives, he lived in two worlds—the traditional world of an Inupiaq whaling captain, as well as the past president of the association and vice chairman of the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission. I came to know Edward through his life as a whaling captain and how he helped to translate that into this modern world because he was very much a part of the modern world of business, government, and pol-itics. Edward Itta is probably best known for the two terms he served as mayor of the North Slope Borough, which is where many of us in Washington, DC, our Nation’s Capital, came to know of and learn about Edward Itta and his leadership. He, as mayor, created the Healthy Communities Initiative to pro-mote community-based activities. He also created the mayor’s Youth Advi-sory Council, recognizing the need to encourage student leadership for our Next Generations, always focused on, again, a forward vision. He was deeply involved in policy discussions over how to balance oil and gas development in the Arctic with traditional values and the impact of climate change on his communities. He came to Congress to testify before our committees. He was viewed as the Arctic expert, if you will, one who cer-tainly had a Ph.D. in Arctic living. He spoke at just about every Arctic con-ference that I have participated in, as one, again, who could speak to his life as a whaling captain, as an Inupiaq, as a leader, as a father and husband but also a very strong businessman who was committed to leading his people into a modern-day world, while at the same time retaining ties to the land, to the waters that feed and sustain them. Our former colleague Ken Salazar, who went on to serve as Secretary of the Interior, referred to Edward Itta as a giant of Alaska who opened his eyes to the wonders of the Arctic and its people. There is a great book that is au-thored by Bob Reiss, entitled ‘‘The Es-kimo and the Oil Man.’’ It tells the story of how, as Shell was first seeking to explore opportunities in the Beau-fort and the Chukchi Seas—some of the resistance that this oil company met as it dealt with the Native people in trying to gain consent and support for their activities in the Arctic and how this Eskimo, this Inupiaq visionary, helped to bring together the world of the traditional subsistence lifestyle and how it could be compatible with oil exploration and development in the Arctic. It is a book that once I had completed, I didn’t put away on a bookshelf to not read again. I keep it out because I continue to refer to it. Edward was appointed in 2012 to the U.S. Arctic Research Commission by President Obama and did wonderful work within the Commission. In the business world, Mr. Itta was active in his regional corporation—the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation. He served on numerous subsidiary boards as well as his village corporation, UIC. Also, before taking on the role of mayor, Mr. Itta served in numerous management roles on the North Slope Bureau, in-cluding chief administrative officer and public works director. Locally he will be remembered for his leadership in building and maintaining commu-nity infrastructure, gravel sources, sewers, roads, airports and the like which were so essential to the survival in the far north. Edward Itta played in so many worlds and in all of them successfully. Yet he never forgot where he came from or who he was. His family, his friends—so many of us who call him friend—recognize what he provided for so many. We will remember his great sense of humor, his infectious laugh. He loved to tell stories. He would walk around the community gathering—a gathering they call Nalukataq, and Ed-ward would walk me around to every little family in this semicircle on the beach, introducing me to everyone from the elder down to the youngest grandchild and telling stories about all in between. He was an amazing man. He had a passionate commitment to the values 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.047 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6452 November 17, 2016 
and traditions of the Inupiaq people. We will miss Edward Itta. I had an opportunity to be there at the hospital in Barrow during the last few days Edward was on this Earth and had a chance to give a hug to his wife and to share my love and my support for a truly great Alaskan. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I under-stand that the majority leader is going to be coming on the floor, and I will be most happy to yield to him. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE SENATOR FROM ALASKA Mr. CARPER. While she is still here, I want to congratulate the Senator from Alaska and the chair of the En-ergy Committee on being named one of the recipients of the Jefferson-Lincoln Award this year in California and just say how proud I was to sit there in the audience and say that I know her and have the opportunity to work with her. So congratulations. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if I can just say right back to my friend that it was indeed a privilege and an honor to be recognized with the Jeffer-son-Lincoln Award, along with my col-league from Delaware. Particularly at times when political heat and rhetoric can be amplified a little bit, I think it is important to rec-ognize and know that colleagues from very different parts of the country, with different constituencies, and dif-ferent political perspectives can come together, whether working on legisla-tive agendas or just showing respect and appreciation for the good work they do. I have such respect and appre-ciation for my friend from Delaware. It was indeed a privilege to be recognized with him, and I thank him. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, most people are not familiar with the Jeffer-son-Lincoln Awards, but they are given out every year to different people, Democrats and Republicans, usually to people who are in public life. One of the recipients was Bob Mueller, a former FBI Director—and S
AMFARR, who is stepping down from Congress after about 28 years there and a life of serv-ice. He succeeded Leon Panetta in Leon’s House seat all those years ago. They present these awards to people who want to get things done. That is pretty much it—people who use com-mon sense, are collegial, work across the aisle, and just get things done. It was an honor to be there with my col-league and the Panettas as well. It was a great evening. Mr. President, I am happy to yield the floor as soon as the majority leader comes. TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES OFFICER CODIE HUGHES AND SPECIAL AGENT  
TATE JARROW  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I come to the floor maybe once a month when we are in session to talk about folks who are a part of the team at the De-partment of Homeland Security. There are about 225,000 of them. What I do every month is pick on a couple of them. We pick on a part of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that maybe doesn’t get a lot of attention. Before the Presiding Officer leaves, I just want to say ‘‘Happy Thanks-giving’’ to him. Tonight, if I can, in the time that I have, I will start off by—I have been doing this now for 2 years, coming to the floor and talking about people in the Department of Homeland Security who have done amazing things for all of us. If you will recall, the Department of Homeland Security didn’t even exist when I first came here in 2001. It was created on the heels of 9/11. We took about 22 disparate agencies and glommed them together. They all had something to do with Homeland Secu-rity. The Department has struggled at times to try to be a coherent, collegial, productive organization. I think they are hitting their stride, and I am proud of the work they do. There are more than 230,000 employ-ees in the Department of Homeland Se-curity around the country and around the world. They do some of the most difficult and some of the most diverse work that is done in the Federal Gov-ernment, anything from protecting against cyber attacks—we have plenty of that going on—to helping commu-nities recover from natural disasters. Unfortunately, we have a lot of that going on as well with FEMA helping out—to securing our borders, our ports of entry. The Department of Homeland Security faces great challenges as it carries out its mission of protecting all of us as we go about our daily lives. As most people know, the U.S. Secret Service is charged primarily with pro-tecting the President and the Vice President and their families 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. When I was a kid growing up, I thought that was all they did. As it turns out, there is a whole lot more that they do. It is a huge chal-lenge, especially in a Presidential year like this when you have all these peo-ple running for President—mostly in the Republican Party, but some in our party too. As all the candidates are traveling around this Nation and going hither and yon, the Secret Service is trying to keep them and their families safe and doing it on a regular basis. This part of their job becomes a lot harder during a Presidential election. The men and women of the Secret Service worked this year thousands of hours of overtime in this campaign cycle in order to provide protection for every candidate who needed it, whether Republican or Democrat. The Secret Service did this while continuing to perform other special protection du-ties, such as the massive task of secur-ing the United Nations General Assem-bly. In September, converging on New York City at the United Nations, we had leaders of over 100 different nations around the world, and the job of pro-tecting them and keeping them safe fell largely—not entirely, but largely on the Secret Service. For many agents, this required significantly long hours and weeks at a time on the road and away from their homes, all while standing ready at a moment’s notice to thrust themselves into harm’s way should their duty require it. I am enormously proud of the Secret Service in this election season. Their work to ensure our candidates’ per-sonal safety and protect them from harm also helps protect our democracy, ensuring that the American people have the final say on who will be our next President and next Vice Presi-dent. The Secret Service agency is a critical part of ensuring the peaceful transition of power from one duly elected leader to the next. For all these reasons it is urgent that the Congress do what it needs to do to ensure that the Secret Service agents who have worked so hard in recent months receive the pay that they have earned and deserve. The pay limit in current law prevents that from hap-pening at the moment for those agents who are owed overtime compensation. I support efforts in this year’s House and Senate appropriations bills to address that issue and to make our Secret Service agents whole. I’m hopeful that a fix to this problem can be included in any final spending bill that we take up during the final week of this year. The demanding work done by the men and women of the Secret Service exemplifies the term ‘‘public servant,’’ as they put their lives on the line every day to protect our President, Vice President, and the candidates for those offices, regardless of party or politics. Even during the busy Presidential cam-paign like the one we have just gone through, every division of the Secret Service, despite the added strains, con-tinues to exceed expectations through their ongoing work. While many of us know of the Secret Service’s duty to protect the President, relatively few of us know of the impor-tant work done behind the scenes by countless others across the Secret Service, two of whom I am proud to highlight tonight. One is called the Secret Service Uni-formed Division, and they protect the White House and its grounds 24/7. They ensure that the people’s house is secure for the President and their families, for their guests, staff, and visitors. I have no idea how many people visit the White House every year, but I know it is in the hundreds of thou-sands, maybe more, maybe even in the millions—but a lot of people go there from all over the world and visit. One 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.049 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6453 November 17, 2016 
of the things that the Secret Service Uniformed Division does is help to make sure that when visitors go there, they are safe. One uniformed division officer who has lived her entire life in the service of others is Codie Hughes. Officer Hughes joined the Secret Service 12 years ago. Here is a photo of her with the Sec-retary and Deputy Secretary Mayorkas. As a uniformed officer with the White House branch, Officer Hughes is charged with securing one of the most iconic public buildings in the world, the White House. In the past 3 years alone, she made more than 45 arrests while patrolling the area around the White House, in-cluding one person who was wanted by the FBI for previously making threats against law enforcement officers. Since 2013, Officer Hughes has helped save the lives of not one but three people who needed her help. When a man collapsed in the White House before a meeting with the Presi-dent, Officer Hughes administered CPR before the man was revived with a defibrillator. Similarly, earlier this year, when Of-ficer Hughes found a man collapsed on the street outside the White House without a pulse, she administered CPR until medics arrived. And last year, most remarkably, when Officer Hughes happened upon two detectives in her hometown of Leesburg, VA, administering CPR to an unconscious man, she quickly identi-fied herself as a Secret Service agent and offered to help. Along with the de-tectives, Officer Hughes administered CPR until the medics could respond. This is her picture. As I said earlier, she is shown here with the Secretary of the Department, Jeh Johnson, who has done a great job, and the Assistant Secretary, Ali Mayorkas, who has also done a terrific job, and the fellow who has been the Director of the Secret Service for several years now, Joe Clancy, who by everybody’s acknowl-edgment has done a very good job pro-viding wonderful leadership. This pho-tograph represents a time not long ago when she received the Secretary’s award from the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security. It is, I think, the highest honor that can be presented by the Secretary of the De-partment. It is the Exceptional Service Gold Medal for her ‘‘extraordinary bravery saving numerous lives both on and off duty.’’ It is a well-deserved award for an exemplary public official. Codie, congratulations. Officer Hughes currently serves as an instructor at the Secret Service train-ing academy, teaching new agents how to respond to stressful situations while maintaining their composure at all times. I can think of few people better prepared to serve in this position than Codie Hughes. When Officer Hughes is off duty, she continues her service as a volunteer with the Leesburg, VA, fire company. For 10 years she has worked on her own time to make a difference in her com-munity and protect her neighbors dur-ing fires and other emergencies. So to Codie, we say thank you for the example you have set for so many oth-ers at the Department of Homeland Se-curity, in your community in Lees-burg, and across our country. Thank you, Codie. Another true public servant within the Secret Service is a fellow named Tate Jarrow, a special agent. Tate is pictured here to my left. He looks like a young fellow, but after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, Special Agent Jarrow served 5 years as an Army infantry of-ficer, achieving the rank of captain be-fore joining the Secret Service. Mr. President, as an old Navy guy, a retired Navy captain—he is an Army captain—I feel I should say ‘‘Navy sa-lutes Army,’’ and the Navy does salute the Army. I like to say to people—I like to kid folks in the different serv-ices, and we take shots at one another in a fun-loving way, but I would say to my friends in the Army kidding me about the Navy, ‘‘different uniforms, same team.’’ So we are lucky that we are on the same team with this fellow. Tate is a special agent in the New York Electronic Crimes Task Force. He has worked to protect millions of Americans from large-scale financial fraud. While fraud and counterfeit in-vestigations are one of the Secret Serv-ice’s lesser known tasks, the growth, scope, and scale of cyber crimes makes Agent Jarrow’s work more important than ever. After one of the largest data breaches in history compromised the informa-tion of nearly 100 million people, Spe-cial Agent Jarrow worked with forensic investigators and the FBI to track down the hackers and stop them from using the information to perpetrate a large-scale stock manipulation scheme. Special Agent Jarrow’s work brought to justice three men who not only stole this information but were stealing more than $100 million using various il-legal enterprises that preyed on inno-cent people around the world. In another case, Special Agent Jarrow shut down a criminal enterprise that used investment fraud, credit card fraud, identity theft, and computer hacking to steal more than $250 mil-lion—$250 million—from some 600,000 Americans and thousands of other peo-ple around the world. His work helped put away the culprits, sending the ring leader to jail for 20 years or more. Special Agent Jarrow has been de-scribed by his colleagues as ‘‘one of the most preeminent cyber investigators in the Federal Government.’’ That is real-ly saying something, because we have some terrific ones in the NSA, or the National Security Agency, and in the Department of Homeland Security and elsewhere. So that is high praise. While they say that Special Agent Jarrow is quiet, they say he is humble in person, and he is dogged. He is dog-ged in his pursuit of the bad guys. Un-fortunately, there are plenty of them out there. The American people, their informa-tion, and their hard-earned savings are all safer thanks to Tate’s efforts to go after the bad guys who prey on hard- working Americans online. This October, about a month ago, Special Agent Jarrow was honored by Secretary Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, with the Secretary’s Silver Medal Award for his work with the New York Electronic Crimes Task Force. Shortly after that, the Partnership for Public Service awarded Special Agent Jarrow with the Call to Service Award, one of its prestigious ‘‘Sammy’’ awards that go to talented Federal servants for out-standing service to us, the American people. The Secret Service is full of women and men like Codie Hughes and Tate Jarrow, who have dedicated their lives to serving others on the job and off the job. The work done by them and others like them, especially over these past 18 months, and by thousands of men and women in the U.S. States Secret Serv-ice is a shining example of public serv-ice at its best. While many of us can get swept away in the politics of the day or the latest headlines and the last tweets, there are countless public serv-ants across the Department of Home-land Security who wake up every morning, and they go to work on behalf of us, the American people. Their dedication, their service, and their sacrifice continue to move our country forward. So, to Officer Hughes, to Special Agent Jarrow, and to all their colleagues at the U.S. States Se-cret Service, we thank you for your un-wavering dedication, your long hours, tireless service to our President, to our Vice President, to their families, and really to the American people. All of us here in this Chamber and countless others around the country are better servants thanks to your hard work and shining example. In closing, I should acknowledge the fact that, despite the excellent work I have detailed in these remarks, the Se-cret Service has faced its share of chal-lenges in recent years. But this week the inspector general of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security issued a new report praising a number of steps that the agency—the Secret Service— has been taking to make needed im-provements. These improvements are thanks, in part, to the exceptional work of rank-and-file personnel like Officer Hughes and Agent Jarrow, and also to the strong leadership of Direc-tor Clancy, Secretary Johnson, Deputy Secretary Mayorkas, and others who have been committed to ensuring that the Secret Service remains the finest protection agency in the world. As I prepare to yield the floor and leave the building, I just want to take a moment to say, when a lot of Amer-ican families gather on Thanksgiving Day across our country and enjoy a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.050 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6454 November 17, 2016 
meal together—hopefully, a wonderful meal together with their parents and their moms and dads, their brothers and sisters, their children, aunts and uncles, nieces and nephews—my hope is that when we give thanks, we will also remember to be thankful for the folks I talked about here today and the hun-dreds of thousands of people like them who are a part of the team at the De-partment of Homeland Security. One of the reasons we have the free-dom we do as a nation is because of their vigilance and commitment to duty. So I extend that on behalf of all of the Members of the Senate to the folks who serve us in the Department of Homeland Security and throughout this government and to the folks who work in this building and who enable us by providing for Members and staff here in the Capitol and to the pages who are going to go home for a week or so and come back for maybe a week or so. We wish all of them a happy Thanksgiving, and we look forward to seeing all of you, including my friend the Presiding Officer in about 10 days. With that, the majority leader is here. I am happy to yield the floor to him and wish him a happy Thanks-giving a few days in advance. I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ BISSETT Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to a man who has been a great advocate for the people of Kentucky and a man I am proud to call a friend. Mr. William ‘‘Bill’’ Bissett, who served for more than 6 years as the president of the Kentucky Coal Asso-ciation, KCA, helped lead the effort in Kentucky to spread awareness regard-ing the devastation the coal industry has seen over the past several years— devastation wrought in many cases by wrongheaded government regulations and daunting challenges within the en-ergy market. Unfortunately for Kentucky, Bill re-cently left his position with the KCA, and starting November 1, he moved on to take his talents to the Huntington Regional Chamber of Commerce as its new president and CEO. Bill’s depar-ture is a great loss for the Common-wealth, and although he will certainly be missed, I wish him all the best in his new position. As the people of Kentucky well know, the coal industry has not only sup-ported and sustained life in the Blue-grass State for generations, it has also powered this Nation’s rise through the industrial revolution and through times of war to become the greatest country in the world. Coal is forever intertwined with the history of Kentucky and the Nation, but recently, coal has been under at-tack. For the last 8 years, the current administration has waged a war on coal and a war on coal jobs. They would have us believe it is immoral to use coal, and they have pursued regula-tions that aim to close coal mines and shut down coal-fired power plants that exist in Kentucky and prevent new ones from being built. Even in the face of this hostile envi-ronment, in 2010, Bill Bissett took on a difficult job that many would have shrank from and became the president of the KCA. Since then, he has been on the front lines fighting against govern-ment overregulation and overreach. And I have been proud to stand along-side Bill to defend Kentucky’s coal workers and their families against an administration dead set on waging a war on coal, a war which has contrib-uted to the closure of mines and an in-crease in unemployment. Bill and I worked together in taking Kentucky’s case for coal and for coal jobs to the EPA. When the EPA first held hearings on the set of regulations that would become the so-called Clean Power Plan—regulations that threaten to close down power plants in Ken-tucky and reduce jobs—Bill and I worked together in calling for them to hold listening sessions in Kentucky so EPA could hear from the people who would be most affected by its new rules. When the EPA refused to come to Kentucky and only held hearings in States with little reliance on coal like California and Massachusetts, Bill and the KCA joined me in making sure our voices were heard. We convened our own hearings in Pikeville, where coal miners and Kentuckians with jobs reli-ant on the coal industry spoke about how EPA’s proposed regulations would impact them. We also took our case di-rectly to the EPA in Washington, DC, when it conducted one of its listening sessions on the so-called Clean Power Plan, which threatens to cut more coal jobs in Kentucky and increase elec-tricity prices in the State by double digits. These are just a few highlights of Bill’s tenure with KCA. Before coming to KCA, Bill worked as chief of staff/ senior vice president for communica-tions at Marshall University, his alma mater. Prior to that he served as vice president of public relations for Charles Ryan Associate, CRA, an inte-grated marketing firm. During his time at CRA, he was instrumental in the es-tablishment of the Friends of Coal campaign. Bill and his wife, Lara, are devoted parents to two daughters, Molly and Maggie. From the beginning of his tenure at KCA to the very end, Bill Bissett worked with great energy and enthu-siasm on behalf of Kentuckians who work in the coal industry. He was a great advocate for coal miners. Ken-tucky’s loss is truly Huntington’s gain, and I wish Bill well in his future en-deavors with the regional chamber of commerce and beyond. On behalf of the thousands of Kentuckians touched by Bill’s work, I want to thank him for his service to the Bluegrass State and his advocacy to preserve our history and heritage. He is always welcome back in Kentucky, where he has many friends. TRIBUTE TO LINDA YU Mr. DURBIN. Earlier this year, Linda Yu, one of Chicago’s most respected and well-liked broadcasters, announced that she will anchor her final newscast next Wednesday, November 23, 2016. For more than 37 years, Linda Yu has reported the news in Chicago and set a high bar for those who follow. Linda is one of the special ones. She has an out-standing ability to connect with her viewers, which has ingratiated her to Chicagoans. A viewer once told her that ‘‘when things go wrong, you make me feel safe.’’ That’s what Linda Yu means to Chicago. She is a comfort to a city during difficult times and a trusted voice. Linda is the consummate professional, class act, and trailblazer. As the first Asian American to anchor a news broadcast in Chicago, Linda has become a role model for children aspir-ing to the newsroom, regardless of race or gender. That is quite a legacy. Linda’s story is a uniquely American story. Born in Xian, China, Linda moved to Hong Kong with her family when she was only 2 years old. Three years later, they immigrated to the United States, living in Pennsylvania and Indiana, before settling in Cali-fornia. In 1968, Linda Yu graduated from the University of Southern Cali-fornia with a bachelor of arts in jour-nalism. Shortly after, she began her ca-reer at the ABC-owned affiliates KTLA-TV and KABC-TV in Los Ange-les, before moving to what became her home away from home, Chicago, IL. In 1979, Linda joined Chicago’s WMAQ-TV. Five years later, she joined ABC 7’s 4 p.m. newscast. And for the next 32 years, it was the No. 1 newscast. How is that for a winning streak? Among her accolades, Linda Yu earned five Chicago Emmy Awards. Her first came in 1981, for a special news-cast on the assassination attempt on President Reagan. One year later, Linda received her second Emmy for her report and coverage of a construc-tion accident in Chicago’s downtown loop. In 2005, Linda was honored by the Chicago chapter of the National Acad-emy of Television Arts and Sciences with the prestigious Silver Circle, hon-oring her for 25 years of outstanding contributions to Chicago broadcasting. Linda also received the National Gold Medal from the National Conference of Community and Justice for her docu-mentary ‘‘The Scars of Belfast.’’ Linda Yu has had an amazing career and is an extraordinarily accomplished professional. In her spare time, she vol-unteers at the Chinese American Serv-ice League, the March of Dimes, Asian Human Services and Juvenile Protec-tive Association. She also cofounded the Chicago Chapter of the Asian American Journalists Association. But her proudest accomplishment is her family. The mother of a daughter, Francesca, and a son, Bryan, Linda now plans on spending more time with them and writing her next book. Her first book, a memoir, ‘‘Living and Working in America, 15 lessons,’’ pub-lished in Chinese, is a guide to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.052 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6455 November 17, 2016 
young Chinese woman in the global workplace. Her next book will focus on stories of prominent Asian woman en-trepreneurs and political and cultural leaders in America. When Linda broke the news to her colleagues that she was ‘‘moving on’’ from ABC 7, she made sure not to use the word ‘‘retire’’ because she couldn’t imagine retirement. So let me be clear, this is not the final chapter for Linda Yu. She will continue to write and be a role model for her community and countless young women around the world. I want to congratulate Linda Yu on her distinguished career and thank her for giving so much to the people of Chi-cago. She will truly be missed. I wish Linda and her family all the best. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–58, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s and Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Qatar for defense articles and services esti-mated to cost $21.1 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this pro-posed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–58 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Qatar. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $11.5 billion. Other $ 9.6 billion. Total $21.1 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Seventy-two (72) F–15QA Aircraft. One hundred and forty-four (144) F–110–GE– 129 Aircraft Engines. Eighty (80)Advanced Display Core Proc-essor II (ADCP II). Eighty (80) Digital Electronic Warfare Suites (DEWS). Eighty (80) M61A ‘‘Vulcan’’ Gun Systems. Eighty (80) Link–16 Systems. One hundred and sixty (160) Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing Systems (JHMCS). Three hundred and twelve (312) LAU–128 Missile Launchers. Eighty (80) AN/APG–82(V)1 Active Elec-tronically Scanned Array (AESA) Radars. One hundred and sixty (160) Embedded GPS/Inertial Navigation Systems (INS) (EGI). Eighty (80) AN/AAQ–13 LANTIRN Naviga-tion Pods w/Containers. Eighty (80) AN/AAQ–33 SNIPER Advanced Targeting Pods w/containers (MDE Deter-mination Pending). Eighty (80) AN/AAS–42 Infrared Search and Track Systems (IRST) (MDE Determination Pending). Two hundred (200) AIM–9X Sidewinder Mis-siles. Seventy (70) AIM–9X Captive Air Training Missiles (CATM). Eight (8) AIM–9X Special Training Mis-siles. Twenty (20) CATM AIM–9X Missile Guid-ance Units. Twenty (20) AIM–9X Tactical Guidance Kits. Two hundred and fifty (250) AIM–120C7 Ad-vanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). Five (5) AIM–120C7 Spare Guidance Kits. One hundred (100) AGM–88 High Speed Anti-Radiation Missiles (HARM). Forty (40) AGM–88 HARM CATMs. Two hundred (200) AGM–154 Joint Standoff Weapons (JSOW). Eighty (80) AGM–84L–1 Standoff Strike Anti-Ship Missiles (Harpoon). Ten (10) Harpoon Exercise Missiles. Two hundred (200) AGM–65H/K (Maverick) Missiles. Five hundred (500) GBU–38 Joint Direct At-tack Munitions (JDAM) Guidance Kits. Five hundred (500) GBU–31 (VI) JDAM Guidance Kits. Two hundred and fifty (250) GBU–54 Laser JDAM Guidance Kits. Two hundred and fifty (250) GBU–56 Laser JDAM Guidance Kits. Five hundred (500) BLU–111B Bombs. Five hundred (500) BLU–117B Bombs. Six (6) MK–82 Inert Bombs. One thousand (1,000) FMU–152 Joint Pro-grammable Fuses. Non-MDE include: ACMI (P5) Training Pods, Reece Pods (DB– 110), Conformal Fuel Tanks (CFTs), Identi-fication Friend/Foe (1FF) system, AN/AVS–9 Night Vision Goggles (NVG), ARC–210 UHF/ UVF radios, LAU–118(v)1/A, LAU–117–AV2A, associated ground support, training mate-rials, mission critical resources and mainte-nance support equipment, the procurement for various weapon support and test equip-ment spares, technical publications, per-sonnel training, simulators, and other train-ing equipment, U.S. Government and con-tractor engineering, technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D– SAC and X7–D–YAB) and Navy (QA–P–AAB). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc.. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: Nov 17, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Qatar—F–150A Aircraft with Weapons and Related Support The Government of Qatar requested to pur-chase seventy-two (72) F–15QA multi-role fighter aircraft and associated weapons package; the provision for continental United States based Lead-in-Fighter-Train-ing for the F–15QA; associated ground sup-port;, training materials; mission critical re-sources and maintenance support equipment; the procurement for various weapon support and test equipment spares; technical publi-cations; personnel training; simulators and other training equipment; U.S. Government and contractor engineering; technical and lo-gistics support services; and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated total program value is $21.1 billion. This proposed sale enhances the foreign policy and national security of the United State by helping to improve the security of a friendly country and strengthening our strategically important relationship. Qatar is an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Persian Gulf region. Our mutual defense interests anchor our relationship and the Qatar Emiri Air Force (QEAF) plays a predominant role in Qatar’s defense. The proposed sale improves Qatar’s capa-bility to meet current and future enemy air- to-air and air-to-ground threats. Qatar will use the capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland de-fense. Qatar will have no difficulty absorbing these aircraft into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this aircraft, equip-ment, training, and support services will not alter the basic military balance in the re-gion. The prime contractor will be Boeing Cor-poration of Chicago, IL. The Purchaser typi-cally requests offsets. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and the contractor. Additional contractors include: Astronautics Corporation of America, Ar-lington VA. BAE Systems, Arlington, VA. Elbit Systems of America, Fort Worth, TX. General Electric Aviation of Cincinnati, OH. Honeywell Aerospace, Phoenix, AZ. Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company, Fort Worth, TX. L3 Communications, Arlington, TX. NA VCOM, Torrance, CA Raytheon, Wal-tham, MA. Rockwell Collins, Cedar Rapids, IA. Teledyne Electronic Safety Products, Thousand Oaks, CA. UTC Aerospace Systems, Charlotte, NC. Implementation of this sale requires the assignment of approximately 24 additional U.S. Government and approximately 150 con-tractor representatives to Qatar. There is no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–58 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This sale involves the release of sen-sitive technology to Qatar. The F–15QA weapons system is classified up to SECRET. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.056 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6456 November 17, 2016 
The F–15QA aircraft uses the F–15E airframe and features advanced avionics and other technologically sensitive systems. The F– 15QA contains the General Electric F–110– GE–129; an AN/APG–82(V)l Active Electroni-cally Scanned Array (AESA) radar; internal and external electronic warfare and self-pro-tection equipment; identification, friend or foe (IFF) system; operational flight program; and software computer programs. 2. Sensitive and classified (up to SECRET) elements of the proposed F–15QA include hardware, accessories, components, and asso-ciated software: AESA radar, Digital Elec-tronic Warfare Suite (DEWS), Missile Warn-ing System (MWS), Non-Cooperative Threat Recognition (NCTR), Advanced Display Core Processor (ADCP) II, the AN/AAQ–33 SNIPER targeting system, Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System (JHMCS), Infrared Search and Track system (IRST), APX–114/119 1FF, Link–16 Datalink Terminals, ARC–210 UHF/ VHF, DB–110, EGI, AN/AVS–9 Night Vision Goggles (NVG), and associated air-to-air and air-to-ground weapons. Additional sensitive areas include operating manuals and mainte-nance technical orders containing perform-ance information, operating and test proce-dures, and other information related to sup-port operations and repair. The hardware, software, and data identified are classified to protect vulnerabilities, design and perform-ance parameters and other similar critical information. 3. The AN/APG–82(V) 1 is an AESA radar upgrade for the F–15. It includes higher proc-essor power, higher transmission power, more sensitive receiver electronics, and syn-thetic aperture radar, which creates higher- resolution ground maps from a greater dis-tance than existing mechanically scanned array radars. The upgrade features an in-crease in detection range of air targets, in-creases in processing speed and memory, as well as significant improvements in all modes. The highest classification of the radar is SECRET. 4. DEWS provides passive radar warning, wide spectrum radio frequency jamming, and control and management of the entire elec-tronic warfare (EW) system. It is an inter-nally mounted suite. The commercially de-veloped system software and hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED. The system is classified SE-CRET when loaded with a U.S. derived EW database. 5. The AAR–57(v)2 uses electro-optical sen-sors to warn the aircrew of threatening mis-sile launch and approach which is integrated within DEWS. This system detects and per-forms data hand-off so countermeasures can be automatically dispensed. The system, hardware components and software, are clas-sified up to SECRET. 6. The ADCP II is the F–15 aircraft central computer. It serves as the hub for all aircraft subsystems and avionics data transfer. The hardware and software are classified SE-CRET. 7. The SNIPER (AN/AAQ–33) targeting sys-tem is UNCLASSIFIED and contains tech-nology representing the latest state-of-the- art in electro-optical clarity and haze and low light targeting capability. Information on performance and inherent vulnerabilities is classified SECRET. Software (object code) is classified CONFIDENTIAL. Overall system classification is SECRET. 8. The LANTIRN (AN/AAQ–13) is a naviga-tion pod and provides high-speed penetration and precision attack assistance in all flying conditions. The pod uses a terrain-following radar and a fixed infrared sensor to display an image of the terrain in front of the air-craft on a heads-up display. System compo-nents, countermeasures and vulnerabilities are classified up to SECRET. Overall system classification is SECRET. 9. The AN/AAS–42 1RST system is a long- wave, high resolution, passive, infrared sen-sor system that searches and detects heat sources within its field of regard. The AN/ AAS–42 is classified CONFIDENTIAL, com-ponents and subsystems range from UN-CLASSIFIED to CONFIDENTIAL, and tech-nical data and other documentation are clas-sified up to SECRET. 10. A combined transponder interrogator system is UNCLASSIFIED unless Mode IV or V operational evaluator parameters, which are SECRET, are loaded into the equipment. 11. An advanced Link-I6 command, control, communications, and intelligence (C3I) sys-tem incorporating high-capacity, jam-resist-ant, digital communication links is used for exchange of near real-time tactical informa-tion, including both data and voice, among air, ground, and sea elements. The terminal hardware, publications, performance speci-fications, operational capability, param-eters, vulnerabilities to countermeasures, and software documentation are classified CONFIDENTIAL. The classified information to be provided consists of that which is nec-essary for the operation, maintenance, and repair (through intermediate level) of the data link terminal, installed systems, and related software. 12. JHMCS is a modified HGU–55/P helmet that incorporates a visor-projected Heads- Up Display to cue weapons and aircraft sen-sors to air and ground targets. This system projects visual targeting and aircraft per-formance information on the back of the hel-met’s visor, enabling the pilot to monitor this information without interrupting his field of view through the cockpit canopy. This provides improvement for close combat targeting and engagement. Hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED. 13. The AN/AVS–9 NVG is a 3rd generation aviation NVG offering higher resolution, high gain, and photo response to near infra-red. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED, and tech-nical data and documentation to be provided are UNCLASSIFIED. 14. The ARC–210 UHF/VHF secure radios with HAVE QUICK II is a voice communica-tions radio system that can operate in either normal, secure, or jam-resistant modes. It can employ cryptographic technology that is classified SECRET. Classified elements in-clude operating characteristics, parameters, technical data, and keying material. 15. The DB–110 is a tactical airborne recon-naissance system. This capability permits reconnaissance missions to be conducted from very short range to long range by day or night. It is an under-the-weather, podded system that produces high resolution, dual- band electro-optical and infrared imagery. The DB–110 system is UNCLASSIFIED. 16. Embedded GPS INS (EGI) is a naviga-tion platform that combines an inertial sen-sor assembly with a fixed reception pattern antenna (FRPA) GPS receiver and a common Kalman filter. The EGI system is the pri-mary source for position information. The EGI is UNCLASSIFIED. The GPS crypto variable keys needed for highest GPS accu-racy are classified up to SECRET. 17. Software, hardware, and other data and information, which is classified or sensitive, is reviewed prior to release to protect system vulnerabilities, design data, and performance parameters. Some end-item hardware, soft-ware, and other data identified above are classified at the CONFIDENTIAL and SE-CRET level. Potential compromise of these systems is controlled through management of the basic software programs of highly sen-sitive systems and software-controlled weap-on systems on a case-by-case basis. 18. The following munitions are part of the F–15QA configuration: 19. AIM–9X Sidewinder missile is an air-to- air guided missile that employs a passive in-frared target acquisition system that fea-tures digital technology and micro-minia-ture solid-state electronics. The AIM–9X tac-tical and captive air training missile (CATM) guidance units are subsets of the overall mis-sile. The AIM–9X is overall classified CON-FIDENTIAL; major components and sub-systems range from UNCLASSIFIED to CON-FIDENTIAL. However, technical data and other documentation are classified up to SE-CRET. 20. The AIM–9X is launched from the air-craft using a LAU–128 guided missile launch-er. The LAU–128 provides mechanical and electrical interface between missile and air-craft. The LAU–128 system is UNCLASSI-FIED. 21. AIM–120C7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) is a guided missile featuring digital technology and micro-miniature solid-state electronics. AMRAAM capabilities include look-down/ shoot-down, multiple launches against mul-tiple targets, resistance to electronic coun-termeasures, and interception of high- and low-flying and maneuvering targets. The AMRAAM is classified CONFIDENTIAL; major components and subsystems range from UNCLASSIFIED to CONFIDENTIAL. However, technical data and other docu-mentation are classified up to SECRET. 22. The AIM–120C7 is launched from the air-craft using a LAU–128 guided missile launch-er. The LAU–128 provides the mechanical and electrical interface between missile and air-craft. The LAU–128 system is UNCLASSI-FIED. 23. Joint Direct Attack Munition (JDAM) is an air-to-ground weapon with a guidance tail kit that converts unguided free-fall bombs into accurate, adverse weather ‘‘smart’’ munitions. With the addition of a laser guidance nose kit, the JDAM provides a capability to engage moving targets. The GPS-only guided JDAMs are GBU–38/31 (500 and 2000lbs respectively) and the Laser/OPS guided JDAMs are GBU-54/56 for the 500 and 2000lbs variants. The JDAM in UNCLASSI-FIED; technical data for JDAM is classified up to SECRET. Overall system classification is SECRET. 24. JDAMs use the Global Positioning Sys-tem (GPS) Precise Positioning System (PPS), which provides for a more accurate capability than the commercial version of GPS. Countries approved for GPS PPS will be provided Group Unique Variable (GUV) keys or unique country keys. 25. The AGM–154 is a family of low-cost standoff weapons that are modular in design and incorporate either a sub-munition or a unitary warhead. Potential targets for Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) range from soft targets, such as troop concentration, to hardened point targets like bunkers. AGM– 154C is used by the US Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force, and allows aircraft to attack well-defended targets in day, night, and ad-verse weather conditions. AGM–154C is a pen-etrator weapon that carries a BROACH war-head and pay load. 26. AGM–154 uses the Global Positioning System (GPS) Precise Positioning System (PPS), which provides for a more accurate capability than the commercial version of CPS. 27. The AGM–84L–1 Harpoon is a non-nu-clear tactical weapon system currently in service in the U.S. Navy and in 28 other for-eign nations. It provides a day, night, and adverse weather, standoff air-to-surface ca-pability. Harpoon Block II is an effective Anti-Surface Warfare missile. 28. AGM–84L–1 uses the Global Positioning System (GPS) Precise Positioning System (PPS), which provides for a more accurate capability than the commercial version of GPS. The following Harpoon components 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.060 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6457 November 17, 2016 
being conveyed by the proposed sale that are considered sensitive and are classified CON-FIDENTIAL include: IIR seeker, INS, OPP software and, missile operational character-istics and performance data. The overall sys-tem classification is SECRET. 29. The AGM–65H/K Maverick is an air-to- ground close air support missile with a lock on before launch day or night capability. The H model uses an optical device guidance sys-tem that has the capability to penetrate haze and provides high contrast and longer range target identification. The K model uses the same guidance with a heavyweight penetrator warhead. Maverick hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. The SECRET aspects of the Maverick system are tactics, information re-vealing its vulnerability to counter-measures, and counter-countermeasures. Manuals and technical documents that are necessary for operational use and organiza-tional maintenance are classified CON-FIDENTIAL. Performance and counter-measure design are SECRET. Overall system classification is SECRET. 30. The AGM–65 is launched from the air-craft using a LAU–117 guided missile launch-er. The LAU–117 provides the mechanical and electrical interface between missile and air-craft. The LAU–117 system is UNCLASSI-FIED. 31. The AGM–88 High Speed Anti-Radiation Missiles (HARM) weapon system is an air-to- ground missile intended to suppress or de-stroy land or sea-based radar emitters asso-ciated with enemy air defenses and provides tactical air forces with a kinetic counter-measure to enemy radar-directed, surface-to- air missiles, and air defense artillery weap-ons systems. Destruction or suppression of enemy radars denies the enemy the use of air defense systems and therefore improving the survivability of our tactical aircraft. Gen-eral capabilities, performance characteris-tics and support requirements are classified up to CONFIDENTIAL. The overall system classification is SECRET. 32. The AGM–88 is launched from the air-craft using a LAU–118 guided missile launch-er. The LAU–118v I/A provides the mechan-ical and electrical interface between missile and aircraft. The LAU–118 system is UN-CLASSIFIED. 33. M61A1 20mm Vulcan Cannon: The 20mm Vulcan cannon is a six barreled automatic cannon chambered with 20x120mm ammuni-tion with a cyclic rate of fire from 2,500–6,000 shots per minute. This weapon is a hydrau-lically powered air-cooled gatlin gun used to damage/destroy aerial targets, suppress/inca-pacitate personnel targets and damage or de-stroy moving and stationary light materiel targets. The M61A1 and its components are UNCLASSIFIED. 34. Qatar is both willing and able to pro-tect United States classified military infor-mation. Qatari physical and document secu-rity standards are equivalent to U.S. stand-ards. Qatar demonstrated its willingness and capability to protect sensitive military tech-nology and information released to its mili-tary in the past. Qatar is firmly committed to its relationship with the United States and to its promise to protect classified infor-mation and prevent its transfer to a third party. This sale is needed in furtherance of USG foreign policy and national security in-terests by helping to improve the security of a vital partner in the CENTCOM AOR. 35. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware or software source code in this pro-posed sale, the information could be used to develop countermeasures which might re-duce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of systems with similar or advance capabilities. The benefits to be derived from this sale in the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 36. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Qatar. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–21, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Kuwait for defense articles and services estimated to cost $10.1 billion. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–21 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 6.3 billion. Other $ 3.8 billion. TOTAL $10.1 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Thirty-two (32) F/A–18E aircraft, with F414–GE–400 engines. Eight (8) F/A–18F aircraft, with F414–GE– 400 engines. Eight (8) spare F414–GE–400 engines and Twenty-four (24) engine modules. Forty-one (41) AN/APG–79 Active Elec-tronically Scanned Array (AESA) Radars. Forty-four (44) M61A2 20mm Gun Systems. Forty-five (45) AN/ALR–67(V)3 Radar Warn-ing Receivers. Two hundred and forty (240) LAU–127E/A Guided Missile Launchers. Forty-five (45) AN/ALE–47 Airborne Coun-termeasures Dispenser Systems. Twelve (12) AN/AAQ–33 SNIPER Advanced Targeting Pods. Forty-eight (48) Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing Systems (JHMCS). Forty-five (45) AN/ALQ–214 Radio Fre-quency Counter-Measures Systems. Forty-five (45) AN/ALE–55 Towed Decoys. Forty-eight (48) Link-16 Systems. Eight (8) Conformal Fuel Tanks. Fourteen (14) AN/ASQ–228 AT/FLIR Sys-tems. Non-MDE includes: ARC–210 radio (air-craft), Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) systems, AN/AVS–9 Night Vision Goggles (NVG), Launchers (LAU–115D/A, LAU–116B/A, LAU–1/18A), Command Launch Computer (CLC) for Air to Ground Missile 88 (AGM–88), ANAV/MAGR GPS Navigation, Joint Mission Planning System (JMPS), aircraft spares, Aircraft Armament Equipment (AAE), sup-port equipment, aircrew/maintenance train-ing, contractor engineering technical serv-ice, logistics technical services, engineering technical services, other technical assist-ance, contractor logistics support, flight test services, storage and preservation, aircraft ferry, Repair of Repairable (RoR), support systems and associated logistics, training aides and devices, spares, technical data En-gineering Change Proposals, avionics soft-ware support, software, technical publica-tions, engineering and program support, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistic support services. (iv) Military Department: Navy (KU–P– SBG). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 17, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  The Government of Kuwait—F/A–18E/F Super Hornet Aircraft with Support The Government of Kuwait has requested to purchase thirty-two (32) F/A–18E aircraft, with F414–GE–400 engines; eight (8) F/A–18F aircraft, with F414–GE–400 engines; eight (8) spare F414–GE–400 engines and twenty-four (24) engine modules; forty-one (41) AN/APG– 79 Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) Radars; forty-four (44) M61 A2 20mm Gun Systems; forty-five (45) AN/ALR–67(V)3 Radar Warning Receivers; two hundred and forty (240) LAU–127E/A Guided Missile Launchers; forty-five (45) AN/ALE–47 Air-borne Countermeasures Dispenser Systems; twelve (12) AN/AAQ–33 SNIPER Advanced Targeting Pods; forty-eight (48) Joint Hel-met Mounted Cueing Systems (JHMCS); forty-five (45) AN/ALQ–214 Radio Frequency Counter-Measures Systems; forty-five (45) AN/ALE–55 Towed Decoys; forty-eight (48) Link–16 Systems; eight (8) Conformal Fuel Tanks; and fourteen (14) AN/ASQ–228 All-LIR Systems. Also included in the sale are ARC– 210 radio (aircraft); Identification Friend or Foe (1FF) systems; AN/AVS–9 Night Vision Goggles (NVG); Launchers (LAU–115D/A, LAU–116B/A, LAU–1 18A); Command Launch Computer (CLC) for Air to Ground Missile 88 (AGM–88); ANAV/MAGR GPS Navigation; Joint Mission Planning System (JMPS); air-craft spares; Aircraft Armament Equipment (AAE); support equipment; aircrew/mainte-nance training; contractor engineering tech-nical service; logistics technical services; en-gineering technical services; other technical assistance; contractor logistics support; flight test services; storage and preservation; aircraft ferry; Repair of Repairable (RoR); support systems and associated logistics; training aides and devices; spares; technical data Engineering Change Proposals; avionics software support; software; technical publi-cations; engineering and program support; U.S. Government and contractor engineer-ing; technical and logistic support services. The estimated total program cost is $10.1 bil-lion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a Major Non-NATO Ally that has been, and continues to be, an important force for political and economic progress in the Middle East. Kuwait is a strategic part-ner in maintaining stability in the region. The acquisition of the F/A–18E/F Super Hor-net aircraft will allow for greater interoper-ability with U.S. forces, providing benefits for training and possible future coalition op-erations in support of shared regional secu-rity objectives. The proposed sale of the F/A- 18E/F Super Hornet aircraft will improve Kuwait’s capa-bility to meet current and future warfare threats. Kuwait will use the enhanced capa-bility to strengthen its homeland defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.061 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6458 November 17, 2016 
The F/A–18E/F Super Hornet aircraft will supplement and eventually replace the Ku-wait Air Force’s aging fighter aircraft. Ku-wait will have no difficulty absorbing this aircraft into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors will be The Boeing Company, St. Louis, Missouri; Northrop Grumman in Los Angeles, California; Raytheon Company in El Segundo, Cali-fornia; and General Electric in Lynn, Massa-chusetts. Offsets agreements associated with this proposed sale are expected; however, specific agreements are undetermined and will be defined during negotiations between the purchaser and contractor. Kuwait re-quires contractors to satisfy an offset obliga-tion equal to 35 percent of the main contract purchase price for any sale of defense arti-cles in excess of three million Kuwait Dinar, (approximately $10 million USD). Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of contractor rep-resentatives to Kuwait on an intermittent basis over the life of the case to support de-livery of the F/A–18E/F Super Hornet aircraft and provide support and equipment famil-iarization. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–21 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The F/A–18E/F Super Hornet is a single and two-seat, twin-engine, multi-mission fighter/attack aircraft that can operate from either aircraft carriers or land bases. The F/ A–18 fills a variety of roles: air superiority, fighter escort, suppression of enemy air de-fenses, reconnaissance, forward air control, close and deep air support, and day and night strike missions. The F/A–18E/F Weapons Sys-tem is classified SECRET. 2. The AN/APO–79 Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) Radar System is clas-sified SECRET. The radar provides the F/A– 18 aircraft with all-weather, multi-mission capability for performing air-to-air and air- to-ground targeting and attack. Air-to-air modes provide the capability for all-aspect target detection, long-range search and track, automatic target acquisition, and tracking of multiple targets. Air-to-surface attack modes provide high-resolution ground mapping navigation, weapon delivery, and sensor cueing. The system component hard-ware (Antenna, Transmitter, Radar Data Processor, and Power Supply) is UNCLASSI-FIED. The Receiver-Exciter hardware is CONFIDENTIAL. The radar Operational Flight Program (OFP) is classified SECRET. Documentation provided with the AN/APO– 79 radar set is classified SECRET. 3. The AN/ALR–67(V)3 Electric Warfare Countermeasures Receiving Set is classified CONFIDENTIAL. The AN/ALR–67(V)3 pro-vides the F/A–18F aircrew with radar threat warnings by detecting and evaluating friend-ly and hostile radar frequency threat emitters and providing identification and status information about the emitters to on- board Electronic Warfare (EW) equipment and the aircrew. The OFP and User Data Files (UDF) used in the AN/ALR–67(V)3 are classified SECRET. Those software programs contain threat parametric data used to iden-tify and establish priority of detected radar emitters. 4. The AN/ALE–47 Countermeasures Dis-pensing System is classified SECRET. The AN/ALE–47 is a threat-adaptive dispensing system that dispenses chaff, flares, and ex-pendable jammers for self-protection against airborne and ground-based Radio Frequency and Infrared threats. The AN/ALE–47 Pro-grammer is classified CONFIDENTIAL. The OPP and Mission Data Files used in the AN/ ALE–47 are classified SECRET. Those soft-ware programs contain algorithms used to calculate the best defense against specific threats. 5. The AN/ALQ–214 is an advanced air- borne Integrated Defensive Electronic Coun-termeasures (IDECM) programmable mod-ular automated system capable of inter-cepting, identifying, processing received radar signals (pulsed and continuous) and ap-plying an optimum countermeasures tech-nique in the direction of the radar signal, thereby improving individual aircraft prob-ability of survival from a variety of surface- to-air and air-to-air RF threats. The ALQ–214 was designed to operate in a high-density Electromagnetic Hostile Environment with the ability to identify and counter a wide va-riety of multiple threats, including those with Doppler characteristics. Hardware with-in the AN/ALQ–214 is classified CONFIDEN-TIAL. 6. The Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Combined Interrogator/Transponder (CIT) with the Conformal Antenna System (CAS) is classified SECRET. The CDT is a complete MARK–XIIA identification system compat-ible with (IFF) Modes 1, 2, 3/A, C4 and 5 (se-cure). 7. The Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing Sys-tem (JHMCS) is a modified HGU–55/P helmet that incorporates a visor-projected Heads-Up Display (HUD) to cue weapons and aircraft sensors to air and ground targets. In close combat, a pilot must currently align the air-craft to shoot at a target. JHMCS allows the pilot to simply look at a target to shoot Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED; technical data and documents are classified up to SECRET. 8. The AN/AAQ–33 SNIPER Pod is a multi- sensor, electro-optical targeting pod incor-porating infrared, low-light television cam-era, laser range-finder/target designator, and laser spot tracker. It is used to provide navi-gation and targeting for military aircraft in adverse weather and using precision-guided weapons such as laser-guided bombs. It offers much greater target resolution and imagery accuracy than previous systems. The AN/ AAQ–33 is UNCLASSIFIED. 9. The Joint Mission Planning System (IMPS) is SECRET. JMPS will provide mis-sion planning capability for support of mili-tary aviation operations. The JMPS will be tailored to the specific releasable configura-tion for the F/A–18 Super Hornet. 10. The AN/AVS–9 NVG is a 3rd generation aviation NVG offering higher resolution, high gain, and photo response to near infra-red. Hardware is UNCLASSIFIED, and tech-nical data and documentation to be provided are UNCLASSIFIED. 11. The AN/ALE–55 towed decoy improves aircraft survivability by providing an en-hanced, coordinated onboard/off-board coun-termeasure response to enemy threats. When threat libraries are installed, the AN/ALE–55 is classified SECRET. 12. Link–16 is a secure data and voice com-munication network. The system provides enhanced situational communication aware-ness, positive identification of participants within the network, secure fighter-to-fighter connectivity, and secure voice capability. It can be classified up to CONFIDENTIAL. 13. The LAU–127E/A Guided Missile Launchers is designed to enable F/A–18 air-craft to carry and launch missiles. It pro-vides the electrical and mechanical interface between the missile and launch aircraft as well as the two-way data transfer between missile and cockpit controls and displays to support preflight orientation and control cir-cuits to prepare and launch the missile. The LAU–127E/A is UNCLASSIFIED. 14. ANAV Global Positioning System (GPS) is a 24–channel Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) based pulse- per-second GPS receiver built for next gen-eration GPS technology. 15. Command Launch Computer (CLC) is an electronics subsystem installed on the air-frame to interface with the AGM–88 NBIC HARM Missile. The CLC and associated soft-ware package are compatible with all AGM– 88 A/B/C missiles. The CLC receives target data from the missile and onboard avionics, processes the data for display to the Screw to the appropriate display, determines target priority, and collects aircraft data for pre- launch hand- off to the AGM–88 HARM mis-sile. 16. The AN/ASQ–228 Advanced Targeting Forward-Looking Infrared (ATFLIR) is a multi-sensor, electro-optical targeting pod incorporating thermographic camera, low- light television camera, target laser range-finder/laser designator, and laser spot track-er developed and manufactured by Raytheon. It is used to provide navigation and tar-geting for military aircraft in adverse weath-er and using precision-guided munitions such as laser-guided bombs. 17. A determination has been made that the Government of Kuwait, can provide sub-stantially the same degree of protection for the classified and sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. 18. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion. 19. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for release and export to the Government of Ku-wait. f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my frustration with the inaction of the Federal Communication Commission due to political reasons. The FCC’s Chairman, Tom Wheeler, was forced to cancel a vote during their open meeting due to the inaction of one acting commissioner. That vote would have implemented a program to help rural Americans receive wireless broadband internet. I see no reason for the Commission to delay a vote, on a noncontroversial policy that would in-fuse universal service funding to the most high-cost rural communities across the country. I regularly hear from Oregonians in rural counties that it is clear high costs are preventing private sector broadband investment in parts of rural Oregon. The FCC must fulfill its re-sponsibility to provide a lifeline to rural communities and a connection to the global economy. Wireless cell serv-ice and broadband internet spur eco-nomic opportunity, improve public safety, and increase educational out-comes for rural Americans. Any delay causes these rural communities to wait even longer for help. For these reasons, I am putting a hold on any confirmation vote for Jes-sica Rosenworcel to be a commissioner at the Federal Communications Com-mission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.063 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6459 November 17, 2016 
TRANSGENDER AWARENESS WEEK AND TRANSGENDER DAY OF RE-MEMBRANCE Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I am proud to be a steadfast ally of the LGBT community. This week is Transgender Awareness Week, during which we seek to raise the visibility of transgender and gender nonconforming people and to bring awareness to the issues this community faces, from prej-udice and discrimination to acts of vio-lence that have claimed too many lives. Eighteen years ago, Rita Hester, an African-American transgender woman was murdered in Boston, MA. Rita’s death ignited fear in the transgender community. Her murder also sparked the founding of the Transgender Day of Remembrance. On November 20, we re-member Rita and the all too many transgender individuals who have lost their lives to hate-based violence. Sadly, the fear that the transgender community feels has not subsided in the last 18 years. For the transgender community, and even more so for transgender women of color, the fear of violence is still all too real. In 2015, at least 21 transgender individuals in the United States were victims of fatal vio-lence. This year, we have already reached that same number of transgender deaths attributable to vio-lence, reflecting more such deaths than in any other year in which advocates have kept records. This is both sad-dening and maddening. Too many of these victims’ stories go untold, but through the Transgender Day of Remembrance, many of these individuals silenced by violence get a small voice. This day is a reminder that no person’s life is worth less than another’s because of who they are or whom they love. We must continue to do all we can to stop the marginalization of the transgender community, to stop the discrimination, and to stop the violence. In 2009, President Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. It was the first Federal law to provide civil rights protections for transgender people, and it was a step in the right direction. But it has not been enough to stop the on-going discrimination and violence against the transgender community. We still have work to do and need as many voices as possible convey that message. This week in particular, but every week as well, we must remember all the transgender individuals who have lost their lives to violence at home and abroad and continue to work towards a more inclusive society, free of violence and discrimination. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL G. SAURO Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, on be-half of Senator J
AMES LANKFORD and myself, it is my honor to pay tribute to the life and sacrifice of Department of Army civilian employee Michael G. Sauro who died 1 day after his 40th birthday on October 19, 2016, of wounds received from encountering hostile enemy fire near Kabul, Afghanistan. The son of Michael and Christine Sauro, Mike was born on October 18, 1976 in Chambersburg, PA. He grad-uated from Savanna High School in Sa-vanna, IL, and went on to graduate with his bachelor’s degree from Illinois State University in Normal, IL. ‘‘Whether it be sports, or his friends, or his family, he always went at it 100 percent,’’ recalled a fellow Savanna High School graduate, ‘‘He was very committed to the U.S. and service members, making sure they had what they needed to do their job.’’ He was passionate about life and was always willing to step in and help. His infec-tious smile will be remembered by ev-eryone that knew and loved Mike. Mike began his Federal civilian serv-ice in December of 1999 and spent his career working for the Defense Ammu-nition Center, McAlester Army Ammu-nition Plant in McAlester, OK, and at its satellite locations at Fort Riley, KS, and Schofield Barracks, HI. While at McAlester Army Ammuni-tion Plant, he led the effort and was in-strumental in revisions of the haz-ardous materials course. He worked to deliver the most robust training course available at over 50 locations in and outside the continental United States. Mike was the liaison between McAlester Army Ammunition Plant and the satellite training locations helping to ensure that the mission was accomplished. McAlester Army Ammu-nition Plant coworkers fondly remem-ber him for his ‘‘sunny disposition as well as his genuine kindness.’’ Mission always came first for Mike. Regardless of the complexity of the task, he quickly comprehended re-quirements of the task and aggres-sively accomplished them in a profes-sional, timely manner. He deployed three times—the first time in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, the second in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom, and the third to support the mis-sion to train, advise and assist Afghan forces. Mike’s dedicated service and ex-pertise made a difference around the world and saved lives. He is a testa-ment to the values of the Defense Am-munition Center, the U.S. Army Com-bined Services Command, the U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Com-mand, and the U.S. Army. Mike is survived by his parents Mi-chael and Christine Sauro, his brother and sister-in-law Ben and Sarah Sauro, his sister and his brother-in-law Brienne and Lance Matthews, and their children, Dakota and William. Today we remember Michael G. Sauro, an American hero who gave his all for his country. Our Nation lost a great American, son, grandson, broth-er, uncle, and friend. Mike’s service and sacrifice will never be forgotten. TRIBUTE TO CHRIS AHMUTY Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Chris Ahmuty as he re-tires from the American Civil Liberties Union of Wisconsin after 24 years of ad-vocacy and leadership. Since 1992, Chris has dedicated his professional and per-sonal life to creating a stronger and more equal Wisconsin. Chris was born in New York City and spent his childhood and adolescent years in Derby, NY. Growing up, Chris’s grandfather, Frederic P. Lee, played a significant role in shaping his future. Based in Washington, Frederic was an active contributor to the polit-ical reform movement in Montgomery County, MD, throughout the 1940s and 1950s. Frederic’s commitment to public service and family values had a tre-mendous impact on Chris, eventually leading him into a career in advocacy. Chris’s career with the ACLU did not begin with a full time job, but rather a volunteer position. After moving to Milwaukee to attend graduate school, Chris held a variety of jobs, including a position at the Milwaukee County His-torical Society. However, following in his grandfather’s political footsteps, he began to spend his free time volun-teering for the ACLU. Soon after, in 1982, he became the executive assistant to the ACLU Wisconsin executive di-rector, Eunice Edgar. Founded in 1920, the American Civil Liberties Union continues its mission to preserve individual rights and lib-erties. Since becoming executive direc-tor of the Wisconsin chapter in 1992, Chris has personally embodied this mission both in his work and in the community. Over the course of his tenure, the Wisconsin chapter has grown from 4 full-time employees to 12, including 2 full-time staff attorneys. According to those who work most closely with him, Chris’s leadership style is rooted in his familial values and strong belief in the importance of civil liberties. He recog-nizes that change will not occur over a single day or week, but over a long pe-riod of time with the help of persever-ance, patience, and a strong will. Chris is a staunch advocate who has fought to end racial segregation in schools, uphold a woman’s right to choose, and preserve every individual’s First Amendment rights. Under his leader-ship, ACLU Wisconsin also fought hard to challenge the State’s voter ID laws, which threaten to disenfranchise or discourage Wisconsin voters. Chris has spent his career giving a voice to those who might otherwise not be heard. Chris’s commitment to the people of Wisconsin goes beyond the impact he has had at the ACLU. He has served on advisory committees for the Wisconsin Office of Justice Assistance and on the Legal and Policy Committee of the Wisconsin Relay of Electronic Data, helping develop privacy standards for Wisconsin healthcare. Lastly, Chris has served on the board of the Milwaukee Turners for over 10 years as a way of honoring his German heritage and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.078 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6460 November 17, 2016 
helping mold the next generation of leaders. For the many years I have known Chris, he has been a respected leader, a passionate advocate, and a cherished friend. His patience, character, and drive make him a wonderful ally and a fearless protector of the rights of all Wisconsin residents. Although he is re-tiring from the ACLU, I know he will continue to spend his days fighting for equality. I am so pleased to join with others in expressing gratitude for his leadership and recognizing his accomplishments. I wish him and his partner, Bob, all the best in the next chapter of their lives together. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN R. HEIMANN Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary service of the Honorable Stephen R. Heimann, as he retires from the Bartholomew County Circuit Court after 25 years of distinguished service. Born in Monroeville, in Allen Coun-ty, IN, he graduated from Wabash Col-lege and the Indiana University School of Law and ran a successful private law practice for 10 years. Since his appointment to the bench in 1991, Judge Heimann has embodied the most dignified ideals of our judici-ary, dutifully demanding of himself the same high standards of conduct that he enforces and maintains for the commu-nity. The legacy he leaves goes beyond the thousands of orders and decisions he has rendered and extends to the way he treats others. Judge Heimann’s contributions have made a difference in the local commu-nity and in legal circles. His involve-ment has included performing in the local ‘‘Dancing with the Stars’’ com-petition to raise money for charity, fa-cilitating interfaith Christian and Mus-lim dialogue, delivering a keynote speech before the NAACP, providing marriage preparation counsel to young couples, and numerous other leadership roles on the boards of nonprofit organi-zations. He has also served the State’s judiciary by chairing its board of law examiners, judicial ethics and profes-sionalism, judicial education, and judges and lawyers assistance program boards. The Honorable Stephen R. Heimann has served the people of Bartholomew County and State of Indiana with great integrity, honesty, and profes-sionalism. We are incredibly grateful for his leadership and service, and we wish him well in retirement with his wife, Ann, children Andrew and Emily, and granddaughter Nora. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BROWN ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL OF BROWNSBURG, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Brown Ele-mentary School of Brownsburg, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Opened in 1997, Brown Elementary School currently serves 680 students. Brown Elementary School prides itself on having a welcoming environment for students and various programs like Learning Lab, which provides students struggling academically with extra support in reading and math in a small group setting. Brown Elementary School’s effec-tiveness can be found, in part, in its willingness to meet the educational needs of each individual student. The school began implementing the profes-sional learning communities model during the 2011–2012 school year, which allows teachers to work on target areas to improve students’ performance, con-tributing to their academic success. This interactive model allows teachers to share resources and ask questions to ensure the curriculum is being met across grade levels. Brown Elementary School also bene-fits from the parent support group, which takes an active part in enhanc-ing student learning and achievement. Through the group, approximately 15 to 40 parent volunteers come to school daily to help support the efforts by teachers and assist with student learn-ing. I am proud to recognize Brown Ele-mentary School principal Dr. Casey Smitherman, the entire staff, the stu-dent body, and their families. The ef-fort, dedication, and value you put into education has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Brownsburg community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Brown Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING CATHEDRAL HIGH SCHOOL OF INDIANAPOLIS, INDI-ANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Cathedral High School of Indianapolis, IN, for being named as a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Founded in 1918, Cathedral High School is a Holy Cross School and one of the oldest and largest Catholic high schools in Indiana. It is one of the top- performing schools in the State. Among the school’s strengths is its di-versity, with students enrolled from more than 160 grade schools, who live in nine central Indiana counties, and come from neighborhoods across Indi-anapolis. Cathedral High School provides a faith-based holistic education centered on its mission to ‘‘transform a diverse student body to have the competence to see and courage to act.’’ This is evi-dent through the school’s rigorous aca-demic program to ensure all students are challenged to their highest ability, and staff, students, and families work together to teach and foster values that develop strong character. Indicators of Cathedral’s academic success are illustrated through the suc-cess of its students on Indiana’s grad-uation qualifying exams for math and English. The school saw a 98.3 percent passage rate on Indiana’s graduation qualifying exam for math and English. Additionally, 100 percent of Cathedral graduates were accepted to institutions of higher learning. I am proud to recognize Cathedral High School principal David L. Worland, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Indianapolis community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Cathedral High School, and I wish the students and staff con-tinued success in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING GEIST ELEMENTARY SCHOOL OF FISHERS, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Geist Ele-mentary School of Fishers, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Geist Elementary School, GES, which was built in 2004, serves approxi-mately 780 students from kindergarten through fourth grade. GES is part of Hamilton Southeastern School Dis-trict, which now has five National Blue Ribbon schools. GES was recognized, in part, for its exceptional academic pro-gram, and it prides itself on providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.062 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6461 November 17, 2016 
students with an education that meets the interests, abilities, and needs of all students, while also empowering them to reach their full potential. GES has received an A grade by the State of Indiana since 2004. GES has distinguished itself through inquiry and project-based learning, in which lessons are built around key questions, and students take ownership of their learning. For example, students par-ticipate in a schoolwide inquiry project, Geist Marketplace, where stu-dents from different grade levels part-ner together to create a business. The project promotes collaboration and en-trepreneurship, allowing students to create, market, and sell their products. In addition, they learn to pay their debts and hold an event that is open to the local community, where residents can purchase the products made by the students. Ultimately, students can pro-vide proceeds to local charities. GES parents, faculty, and staff work together to provide a positive learning environment to ensure students de-velop strong character, while achieving academic excellence and getting in-volved in the community. I would like to recognize Geist Ele-mentary School principal Christi Thomas, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Fishers community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Geist Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff con-tinued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LEXINGTON ELE-MENTARY SCHOOL OF LEX-INGTON, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Lexington Elementary School of Lexington, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Lexington continuously aims to bridge the gap between students from diverse economic backgrounds. In 2008, Lexington implemented a schoolwide support and service model, which al-lowed extra funding for tutors and a more personalized approach to ensure individual student success. Lexington Elementary prides itself on a rigorous curriculum designed to maximize student exposure to core con-cepts that are essential for academic growth and success. Each grade level has specific programs designed to tai-lor that grade’s needs. In the primary grades, Lexington uses the Burst read-ing program to provide students with foundational skills they need to read independently. Lexington Elementary School’s posi-tive and nurturing atmosphere ensures all students are treated with respect. Students help lead the way through initiatives like Lexington’s Project Words of Wisdom, where, every morn-ing, students share motivational ideals, such as being kind to others, during the schoolwide morning an-nouncements. Lexington Elementary School’s ap-proach and dedication to student achievement has been key to its suc-cess. The school’s staff and families work together to teach and foster val-ues that develop strong character and better the community. Students also benefit from programs in the local community. The Scott County Family YMCA offers a before and afterschool program with nearly 50 percent of the Lexington student population. This partnership offers homework assist-ance, enrichment activities, and exer-cise opportunities. Lexington Elementary School is a stellar example of the benefits that re-sult from dedication, motivation, col-laboration, and strong community partnerships in education. I am proud to recognize Lexington Elementary School principal Charles Rose, who was leading the school at the time of the nomination, current principal Nick South, as well as the en-tire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into education has led not only to this prestigious recogni-tion, but will benefit you and the Lex-ington community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Lexington Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHPOINT ELE-MENTARY SCHOOL OF GRANGER, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Northpoint Elementary School of Granger, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Recognized as a Blue Ribbon School in 2010, Northpoint Elementary School continues to demonstrate academic ex-cellence and works to meet the indi-vidual needs of its students through various strategies and assessments. Northpoint demonstrates an inter-active method to learning and em-bodies a triangle of success approach that develops a strong connection be-tween the school, parents, and teach-ers. Northpoint Elementary School’s staff, students, and families work to-gether to teach and foster values that develop strong character including aca-demic excellence and service to others. Teachers and support staff not only mentor students academically but also focus on nurturing students’ social and emotional needs. Programs to help stu-dents are provided before, during, and after school, including an antibullying program that is taught to students and reinforced regularly. Northpoint Elementary School is an example of how dedication, motivation, collaboration, and strong family en-gagement in education benefits both students and the local community. Students participate in various pro-grams, including giving back to fami-lies in need by donating gifts during the holidays and supporting local homeless shelters. Northpoint students come from var-ious backgrounds. With a diverse stu-dent body, Northpoint has created an inclusive atmosphere to ensure every student is treated with respect. I am proud to recognize Northpoint Elementary School principal Diane L. Wirth, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Granger community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Northpoint Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTH RIPLEY JUN-IOR HIGH SCHOOL OF VERSAILLES, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize South Ripley Junior High School of Versailles, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. South Ripley Junior High School has distinguished itself as a top-performing school in Indiana. For the last 4 years, South Ripley Junior High School has been named a Four Star School and an A rated school. In 2016, South Ripley was named a national School to Watch for its high performance on State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.066 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6462 November 17, 2016 
standardized tests and overall aca-demic excellence. The school’s philosophy of education is built upon the expectation of success in all students. South Ripley Junior High School focuses on helping each student develop individual success aca-demically and personally. To that end, the core curriculum supports college and career readiness to develop the skills students need in everyday life, such as problem-solving, as well as reading and writing effectively. In ad-dition, South Ripley’s faculty and staff continuously work with students to meet their social, emotional, and aca-demic needs and help students develop strong character. I am proud to recognize South Ripley Junior High School principal Destiny Rutzel, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Versailles community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate South Ripley Junior High, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING UNION ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL OF ZIONSVILLE, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Union Ele-mentary School of Zionsville, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Union Elementary School opened at its current location in 2007 and cur-rently serves over 600 students. Union Elementary prides itself on creating a nurturing and collaborative learning environment, where teachers, students, and teachers work together so that all students can reach their potential. Teachers utilize a wide variety of as-sessment practices to measure student progress, make instructional decisions, and to evaluate the effectiveness of academic programs. Union Elementary School seeks to ensure students are enriched both dur-ing and after school. The school has an outdoor classroom, which includes na-tive Indiana wildflowers, a butterfly garden, and vegetable gardening space, allowing creativity to go beyond the traditional classroom. Students are of-fered various extracurricular activi-ties, including foreign language clubs, art enrichment, engineering club, a kids fitness program—Fit Kidz—and a drama club. Union Elementary maintains a high standard for academic excellence, which can be attributed to the success of a rigorous curriculum, innovative instructional practices, and a highly qualified and dedicated staff. Faculty works closely with parents to ensure their children are receiving a quality education. Parents are encouraged to be an active part in their child’s learn-ing from serving as field trip chap-erones to volunteering in the class-room. Union Elementary School’s dedi-cation to student achievement and positive atmosphere have been key to its success. The school’s staff and fami-lies work together to teach and foster values that develop strong character and better the community. I am proud to recognize Union Ele-mentary School principal Jennifer Raycroft, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Zionsville communities well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Union Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING WEST CLAY ELE-MENTARY SCHOOL OF CARMEL, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize West Clay Elementary School of Carmel, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. West Clay Elementary opened in Au-gust 2006, with a mission to provide op-portunities for all students to realize their potential. Every year since its in-ception, West Clay has been named an Indiana Four-Star School based upon high achievement results on standard-ized tests. West Clay strives to provide a qual-ity education to students through the tireless work of its dedicated staff, who serve in various leadership roles, such as school committee chairs. West Clay’s mindset is on constantly striv-ing to improve through reflection and staff development. West Clay students, parents, and staff work closely together to give back to the community through phil-anthropic initiatives led by the parent teacher organization, PTO, and student government. Their efforts support or-ganizations such as Riley Children’s Hospital, the American Heart Associa-tion, the American Diabetes Associa-tion, the Humane Society, and Glean-er’s Food Bank. Over the last decade, the students and staff of West Clay have helped raise over $60,000 which re-sulted in the donation of countless sup-plies to local organizations. West Clay works to provide students with a positive learning environment to support their social, emotional, and academic needs. For example, West Clay has many student support serv-ices, including an instructional coach, who partners with staff to develop ap-propriate programs that will enhance student learning and will ensure that students are challenged, while at the same time supported in an effort to en-able students to reach their potential. These staff members play an integral part in determining student learning needs through analyzing data and gauging students’ interests. I am proud to recognize West Clay Elementary School principal Jennifer Szuhaj, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Carmel community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate West Clay Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WESTON ELEMEN-TARY SCHOOL OF GREENFIELD, INDIANA Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Weston Ele-mentary School of Greenfield, IN, for being named a 2016 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recog-nized schools that have demonstrated a vision of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has offered the op-portunity for schools in every State to gain recognition for educational ac-complishments in closing the achieve-ment gaps among students. Weston Elementary consistently has distinguished itself as a top-performing school, was named an Indiana Four Star School in 2013 and 2016, and has been named an A school by the State each of the past 5 years. Weston’s success can be attributed to the school’s goal of continuously look-ing for ways to provide a well-rounded education to students. The school em-phasizes problem-solving and assign-ments that allow students to dem-onstrate their work and thought proc-ess. In addition to core subjects, stu-dents are exposed to physical edu-cation, art and music, and several classes participate in daily exercise led by prerecorded video segments from the Indianapolis Colts. Weston also of-fers students Weston Fit, an after-school fitness club that promotes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.051 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6463 November 17, 2016 
healthy eating and staying physically active. Weston also prides itself not only on its academics but fostering a sup-portive environment that offers pro-grams to promote emotional, social, and cultural wellness. Weston utilizes a fulltime social worker, who provides class lessons on topics of bullying and character education, with an expecta-tion that students will treat their classmates with respect and develop strong social skills. Weston’s students, facility, and staff work together to ensure every child succeeds, and faculty partners with parents to encourage family engage-ment and parent involvement in school-sponsored activities. I am proud to recognize Weston Ele-mentary School principal Shane Bry-ant, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedica-tion, and value you put into education has led not only to this prestigious rec-ognition, but will benefit you and the Greenfield community well into the fu-ture. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Weston Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL RYAN BODGE Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I wish to thank and congratulate my de-fense fellow, Air Force Lt. Col. Ryan Bodge, on a successful year serving in my office. The expertise and experience that Ryan brought to my team was in-valuable, and he will certainly be missed after he leaves. Prior to his assignment as a defense fellow, Ryan served as the commander of the 455th Expeditionary Security Forces Squadron at Bagram Air Field, BAF, in Afghanistan. He led a blend of more than 500 coalition and contract personnel responsible for the defense of 36,000 personnel, a 27-kilometer perim-eter, and the Air Force Central Com-mand’s busiest airfield with more than $3.5 billion in combat assets to include two specialized teams: Fly Away Secu-rity and Tactical Security Element personnel. His squadron was Tactical Control to Task Force Solid, respon-sible for the Bagram Ground Defense Area. Ryan was born and raised in Cold Spring, NY, and he enlisted in the Air Force in 1992. He served as an F–16 and A–10 aircraft weapons load crew team chief and then in a special duty as a professional military education in-structor. In 2003, Ryan commissioned to become an officer after successfully completing officer training school. He has served as a flight commander, con-voy commander, officer in charge of training and resources, operations offi-cer, high-risk response leader, major command, USAF, staff officer and two- time squadron commander. Ryan has deployed in support of the following missions: Southwest Asia, Operation Iraqi, and Enduring Freedom, as well as Resolute Support and now Free-dom’s Sentinel. He has served on the Air Education and Training Command Security Forces staff as an executive officer and chief of force protection programs and technology. Ryan’s humble character rarely does justice to his accomplishments and ac-colades. However, he does speak very proudly of his wife, Tiffany, from Val-dosta, GA, and their son, Garrett. Mili-tary families are true testaments of both strength and pride. They are con-stantly challenged by deployments, changes in duty stations, and uncer-tainties. These hurdles create resil-iency which the Bodge family patrioti-cally embodies. Ryan’s family are his pride and joy and will equally be missed by our office team. While we will miss having Ryan in our Capitol Hill office, I know that he will be moving on to greater things. I want to again thank Ryan and his fam-ily for their service to our great Nation and congratulate him on his pro-motion. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JEREMIAH KENNEDY ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to recognize veteran Jeremiah Kennedy for his years in service in the U.S. Navy. Mr. Kennedy was inspired by his grandfather, the late Jerry Kennedy, who was also in the Navy during Viet-nam and played a role in his decision of which branch to join. Mr. Kennedy joined the Navy and left for boot camp in June of 2007. He then went on to an advanced training course to become an aviation ordnanceman, responsible for loading and building fighter jets with bombs and missiles, as well as maintaining all of the equip-ment that is used to transport those bombs and missiles from the magazines to the flight deck. As an aviation ordnanceman, Mr. Kennedy was stationed aboard the nu-clear aircraft carrier, the USS George Washington, which was sent out to re-place the USS Kitty Hawk, an aircraft carrier located in Yokosuka, Japan. There, he remained in a forward de-ployed status, subject to being de-ployed anywhere in the world within 72 hours upon the President’s request. Mr. Kennedy was stationed overseas in Japan, as well as nine other different countries, and he considers the chance to experience different ways of life and traditions a truly incredible oppor-tunity. After 5 years of service, Mr. Kennedy was honorably discharged from the Navy in June of 2012. I want to express my deep gratitude to Mr. Kennedy for his dedication and service to our country.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN O’MALLEY ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I want to recognize Detective Dan O’Malley who has served Lewis and Clark County sheriff’s office proudly for 18 years. In his work as patrolman, a narcotics officer with the Missouri River drug task force, and detective with the criminal investigation bureau, he has made our communities a safer place to live. Currently, he is assigned to the do-mestic violence multidisciplinary team, where he works tirelessly to pro-tect women and children from violent crimes and domestic violence. In addition to his duties with the sheriff’s office, Detective O’Malley serves as a liaison for the Lewis and Clark County drug treatment court. Dan dedicates countless hours assisting those struggling with substance abuse issues and increasing their likelihood of successful rehabilitation. He contin-ually goes above and beyond to provide the guidance and leadership people des-perately need to overcome life’s chal-lenges and he does it with great com-passion and empathy. His efforts have saved lives, families and have pro-tected our communities. His commitment and dedication to protecting and serving our community and his compassion to help others in need is second to none. This past July, Detective O’Malley was named Mon-tana’s ‘‘Law Enforcement Officer of the Year’’ by the Sheriffs and Peace Offi-cers Association for his exemplary service. We are blessed to have officers like Dan O’Malley serving the people of Montana. Each day, he looks forward to taking on new challenges, making our community a safer and better place for us all. As a proud father of four, I know he understands the importance of integrity, honor, and commitment. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ALBERT WADE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to recognize Albert Wade of Yellowstone County. Albert, a Pearl Harbor sur-vivor and a pilot of the B–17 Fortress, who is celebrating his 98th birthday this month. We celebrate our independ-ence and freedom, because of people like Albert, who selflessly put himself in harm’s way for his country. In 1939, Albert was one of the first six men appointed to form the original Army Air Corps, and was at Pearl Har-bor when the Japanese bombers at-tacked. During the attack, his entire fleet of the B–17 Flying Fortress was shot down, and unknown to anyone at the time, Albert was the only survivor. It wasn’t until 4 and a half weeks later, Albert says, that the American Red Cross found his then paralyzed body at the Russian Aid Station and brought him home. Albert has been offered the Purple Heart many times; however, he con-tinues to turn it down, saying that he is just a regular person. Albert went on to marry the love of his life, Louise, and has two children, Maggie and Del. Albert has dedicated his life to his fam-ily and has started several businesses, written several books, and became a pastor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.071 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6464 November 17, 2016 
On September 23, 2012, Albert, along with nearly 100 veterans of the Second World War, were honored in Wash-ington, DC, through the Honor Flight Program. Albert embodies the kind of selfless-ness at the core of Montana’s strong legacy of service. I am proud to honor this brave man for his service to his community and to our country. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING GEOTEMPS, INCORPORATED ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 30th anniversary of an important business to Nevada, Geotemps, Inc. I am proud to honor Geotemps’ significant contributions to the mining industry in the State of Ne-vada, throughout our Nation, and across the globe. I am extremely proud of Geotemps’ years of success and am grateful for how it has benefitted the Silver State. In 1986, Lyle Taylor of Reno, NV, cre-ated Geotemps to help increase Ne-vada’s growing economic force. Recog-nizing that one of Nevada’s greatest as-sets is its hard-working citizens, the Taylor family worked tirelessly to cre-ate an enterprise that would provide hard-working Nevadans with opportu-nities for success in critical industries. For 30 years, Geotemps has fulfilled these aspirations and produced positive results for Nevada. Geotemps has provided the Nevada mining industry with reliable individ-uals across the State, while keeping the business within the Taylor family. Lyle Taylor’s son, Lance, has led the company into a new generation of labor services. With offices in four Ne-vada counties, four States, and two countries, Geotemps remains a small business that produces big results. Much of Nevada’s success lies in small businesses like Geotemps, and our State has truly benefited from the hard work and dedication of Geotemps’ em-ployees. Over the course of three decades, Geotemps has demonstrated strong dedication to the great State of Ne-vada’s mining industry. Without the determination and persistence of its founders and entire staff, Nevada would not have experienced the excellent growth we see today. I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans to join me in congratulating Geotemps on its 30th anniversary. This institu-tion has advanced Nevada’s mining in-dustry, and I am honored to recognize this important milestone. I wish Geotemps well in all of its future en-deavors and in creating greater oppor-tunities in Nevada.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JUNIUS FOY GUIN, JR. ∑Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of Judge Junius Foy Guin, Jr., of Russellville, AL, who passed away on November 8, 2016. He will be long remembered for his service to our Nation, his contributions to the legal community, and his dedication to both kindness and fairness in the courtroom. Judge Guin was born in Russellville and graduated from Russellville High School in 1940. He went on to earn his B.A. and J.D. from the University of Alabama. Judge Guin took time off of school to serve as an infantry first lieutenant in World War II. During his service, he was sent to Camp Swift near Austin, TX, where he met and married his wife. After the war, he re-turned to the University of Alabama to complete his law degree and subse-quently joined his father’s private law practice from 1948 to 1973. As an attorney, Judge Guin served on the Alabama State Bar Commission, the Board of the Alabama Law Insti-tute, and the Alabama Supreme Court’s advisory commission. He was also the first chairman of the judicial commission, which is now the judicial inquiry commission. Judge Guin began his career in public service when he was nominated by President Richard Nixon to serve on the U.S. District Court for the North-ern District of Alabama. He was con-firmed by the Senate on April 10, 1973, and assumed senior status on February 3, 1989. In addition to his professional achievements, Judge Guin was named Citizen of the Year for Russellville in 1973. He served as an elder and chair-man of the foreign missions committee of the North Highlands Church of Christ in Russellville, as well as the West End Church of Christ and Pali-sades Church of Christ in Birmingham. Judge Guin also enjoyed playing golf, valued music and traveling the world, and always loved cheering on the Crim-son Tide. I offer my deepest condolences to Judge Guin’s wife, Dorace, and his chil-dren Jan, Judy, Jay, and David, as well as his many grandchildren and great- grandchildren. I join all of their loved ones as they celebrate his many life ac-complishments and mourn his loss. ∑ f 
REMEMBERING JOAN TRIMBLE TOOLE ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life of an exceptional Montanan and member of the Greatest Generation, Joan Trimble Toole. Joan passed away peacefully 1 year ago today at the age of 92 in Helena, MT. Her tireless dedication to public serv-ice set a tremendous example that we should all strive to achieve. Joan’s footprint on policy and progress in Montana is remarkable; however, if she were here today, I suspect she would tell you that nothing made her prouder than being a grandma to 25 grand-children and 17 great-grandchildren. Joan always put her family first, but her commitment to improving Mon-tana communities didn’t lag far be-hind. I recently had an opportunity to read a letter that Joan sent to Eleanor Roo-sevelt in 1942. Joan was 19, and the United States was fully engaged in World War II. In one of her earliest at-tempts to serve her country, Joan des-perately wanted to join the war effort. Unfortunately, she still had a year re-maining to complete her college de-gree. Joan found herself in a bit of a bind and sought the advice of the First Lady. She wrote, ‘‘. . . I would like very much to leave college at the mid years to volunteer for some sort of service that will take up all my time and preferably take me away from home. I do not care about uniforms and really would like to drive an ambu-lance on foreign duty so that I could feel I was actually in contact with the people who need help.’’ Mrs. Roosevelt responded a few weeks later and stressed the need for Joan to stay in school and finish her degree. Undiscouraged and always resolute, Joan still managed to contribute to the war effort. She may not have driven ambulances abroad like she wanted, but she found a different way to serve by helping track German submarines as she concluded her studies. It is clear that Joan possessed an ex-traordinary penchant for service at an early age and a drive to go beyond con-temporary norms to fight for her be-liefs, her country, and her friends and neighbors. Fortunately for Montana, Joan moved to our great State in 1949. Joan would go on to spend the major-ity of the next 75 years living in Mon-tana. She raised a family and fought to make Montana a better place as a po-litical activist. She championed the causes that still to this day make Mon-tana the best State to live in and raise a family. She cared deeply about all Montanans’ right to a clean and healthy environment and to a quality public education. Perhaps, most nota-bly, she cared deeply about the impor-tance of expanding the role of women in politics in Montana and beyond. In 1954, along with friends Laura Nicholson and Harriett Meloy, Joan founded the Montana League of Women Voters, a group that proved to be in-strumental in the formation of Mon-tana’s 1972 Constitutional Convention and to the passage of a new State con-stitution in June of 1972. The 1972 Mon-tana Constitution includes a provision that states, ‘‘All persons are born free and have certain inalienable rights. They include the right to a clean and healthful environment.’’ Joan was so incredibly proud that Montana’s Con-stitution guaranteed citizens the right to a clean and healthful environment. She brought it up all the time although she typically failed to mention the part where her activism played a critical role in securing the language. For the rest of her life, nothing could deter Joan’s dedication to protecting Montana’s landscape and education system. She served on the Board of Natural Resources and Conservation, lobbied for the Office of Public Instruc-tion during legislative sessions, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.074 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6465 November 17, 2016 
shared her expertise with numerous po-litical campaigns and ballot initia-tives. Joan volunteered for nonprofit environmental organizations, libraries, schools, the Democratic Party and the League of Women Voters. For decades, Joan was a fixture in Montana politics, fighting for progressive causes across the State. If there was an opportunity to advocate for change or improve her community, Joan always showed up. Throughout my 8 years in Montana Senate, it was not unusual to glance up to the senate gallery and see Joan sit-ting in the front row. She usually had a grandchild or two in tow, as she al-ways went to great lengths to teach her grandchildren the importance of public service and significance of al-ways showing up. She would beam as her grandchildren took in the scene and processed the importance of being involved. She knew that her last call-ing in life was to pass her experiences, stories, and wisdom onto the next gen-eration. Even in her last few years, as it grew increasingly difficult for her to get around, I saw Joan at most of the events I held in Helena. She would give me a hug and thank me for my work before venturing off to find who she really came to see: my wife, Sharla. A year later, we still miss Joan every time we pass through Helena. Montana lost an incredible leader and an irre-placeable voice. As we move forward and aim to tackle the challenges facing our Nation, we must remember the les-sons we learned from Joan. We must ask ourselves how we can step up and serve our country, like Joan did in her letter to Eleanor Roosevelt. We must take action to advocate for our beliefs, like Joan did when she founded the Montana chapter of the League of Women Voters. Finally, we must al-ways show up, like Joan did until the last days of her life.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOLLY CLEGG ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small businesses come in many different shapes and sizes. No matter their shape or size, one thing remains the same: small businesses are the brainchild of passionate individuals who seek to make their life and the lives of those in their community a better place. In this spirit, I would like to recognize Holly Clegg of Baton Rouge, LA, who took her passion for cooking and healthy eating and turned it into a business that has grown over the past 20-plus years. From an early age, Holly had a keen interest in cooking. Her passion and entrepreneurial spirit drove her to start her own catering company while she was still in high school. As a stu-dent at Tulane University in New Orle-ans, Holly continued to perfect her pas-sion through various cooking classes at the university. Upon graduation, she attended the Cordon Bleu Cooking School in London and then Cordon Bleu in Paris. Following this formal training, Holly would marry unique Louisiana cuisine to the benefits of healthy eating in order to help people dealing with prevalent diseases and also launched and self-published a line of cookbooks. In 1993, after a local re-tail shop decided to stop selling cook-books, Holly trailblazed her own road to success by promoting her first cook-book of the ‘‘trim&TERRIFIC’’ book series. Shortly after, she partnered with various organizations to develop cookbooks for heart patients, cancer patients, and arthritis patients. Having sold over 1 million cookbooks, her suc-cess has helped her gain notoriety, and she has appeared on various national media outlets to share her message of healthy eating. During the month of October, in which we recognize and celebrate women-owned small businesses, I find it fitting to honor a female entre-preneur like Holly Clegg for capturing her God-given talent and building a business that has benefited so many. Her entrepreneurial spirit and a com-mitment to her passion has helped Holly share tasty recipes all across the country and help everyday Americans struggling with crippling diseases to eat better while still enjoying the many flavors of Louisiana cuisine. Congratulations, Holly, and thank you for harnessing your talent and being a role model for all women entre-preneurs. Holly is just one of the many examples of female entrepreneurs tak-ing their interests and talents and cul-tivating them into successful business opportunities, and for this, we honor her as Small Business of the Week. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING GENUSA’S ITALIAN RESTAURANT ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, one of Louisiana’s best kept secrets is that our cuisine encompasses far more than oysters, gumbo, and boudin balls. In fact, Louisiana is home to a wide vari-ety of culinary perspectives, often passed down from generation to gen-eration, including this Small Business of the Week, the family-owned and op-erated Genusa’s Italian Restaurant in Monroe, LA. After spending years dreaming of sharing their Italian family recipes with friends and neighbors, Cherry and Francis Genusa took the entrepre-neurial leap and opened their name-sake restaurant in 1967. Using the original recipes passed down from Francis’s mother and aunt, the couple offered up authentic Italian dishes to the Monroe community. For several years, Genusa’s Italian Restaurant re-mained a hidden gem as Cherry and Francis did all the cooking, cleaning, table-waiting, and general manage-ment. This was in addition to raising their three children—Rachel, Ann, and Francis—who initially helped by roll-ing out meatballs and eventually were entrusted with more responsibilities. Over the years, Genusa’s Italian Res-taurant became a Monroe favorite and has enjoyed such success that it out-grew the original small kitchen and single dining room. Today Genusa’s Italian Restaurant has grown to em-ploy several Monroe locals who serve a dedicated clientele and also host celebratory occasions in their multiroom establishment. And Rachel, Ann, and Francis, who now run the res-taurant continue with their family’s tradition of growing their own herbs and tomatoes for their signature red sauce. Congratulations to the Genusa fam-ily for nearly 50 years of small business success, and with that, I would like to formally recognize Genusa’s Italian Restaurant as Small Business of the Week.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING HEALTHY IMAGE ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the path to small business success is different for each person, and every so often, one will stumble across an idea that fulfills a niche, which then benefits both the entrepreneur and the surrounding com-munity. As we continue to celebrate National Women’s Small Business Month, I would like to recognize Healthy Image of Lake Charles, LA, as Small Business of the Week for its im-pressive work in helping neighboring businesses grow and succeed. As a marketing director for a healthcare organization in the Lake Charles area, Kristy Armand recog-nized the demand for a local marketing agency that catered to medical groups. An entrepreneur at heart, Kristy jumped at the opportunity to utilize her experience in health care and mar-keting to develop her own small busi-ness. Kristy enlisted the help of Chris-tine Fisher, an intern with whom she had worked nearly a decade before, and together the women behind Healthy Image landed their first client in 2002. Five years later, Barbara VanGossen joined the growing business as a part-ner and the creative director, and with-in 1 year, Healthy Image outgrew its original location, moved to a new of-fice, and hired several more employees. During this period, the Healthy Image team worked closely with the Louisiana Small Business Development Center, SBDC, at McNeese State Uni-versity to provide marketing tips, fi-nancial consulting, and business advice with local entrepreneurs. Today, Healthy Image is made up of a team of specialists who provide an array of business services, including adver-tising, event planning, graphic design, social media, and branding to over 100 clients. The success of Healthy Image has earned Kristy, Christine, and Barbara recognition on the national level. In 2013, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce se-lected Healthy Image as one of its dis-tinguished Blue Ribbon Award winners with the title of being one of the ‘‘Top 100 Small Businesses in the Country.’’ I would like to congratulate the in-spiring team at Healthy Image and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.079 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6466 November 17, 2016 
wish them the best in their continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PAPER MARKET ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-isianians have a long history of em-bracing life and celebrating when the occasion calls for it. In particular, the city of Monroe is home to a paper and party supply store that provides all celebratory essentials. As the holiday season quickly approaches, I would like to recognize The Paper Market of Mon-roe, LA, as this week’s Small Business of the Week. Amy Robinson has always been a celebration enthusiast, and from Mardi Gras to Christmas to crawfish season, she has found several reasons to cele-brate every season in Louisiana. In 2010, Amy had an off-the-wall idea to track down the owner of her favorite local paper product shop to see if they would be interested in selling their profitable small business. After months of negotiating, Amy and her husband, Brian, became the proud owners of the popular local stationery store and set out with a new vision to create within the space a place in which members of the Monroe and West Monroe commu-nities could come to plan their celebra-tions. Today, The Paper Market embodies Amy’s personal motto to ‘‘celebrate ev-erything’’ and is regionally renowned for providing specialized party supplies for all occasions, in addition to car-rying a wide variety of home decor and gift lines with a Louisiana flair. Amy has also employed an in-house graphic designer to provide a one-stop-shop for her customers’ celebration-planning needs. As we continue to celebrate National Women’s Small Business Month, it is my honor to recognize Amy Robinson, her entrepreneurial efforts, and The Paper Market of Monroe for being se-lected as Small Business of the Week. Congratulations, Amy, Brian, and the entire Paper Market team. Thank you for your commitment to serving your community, and I look forward to see-ing your continued growth and suc-cess.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOPHI P CUPCAKES ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Lou-isiana is known for many great things, not least of which is our unique and de-licious cuisine. Whether it is a crawfish boil in the spring or the first fall gumbo pot, our family traditions often center around food. In that spirit, I would like to recognize Sophi P Cup-cakes LLC in Lafayette, LA, for shar-ing a unique take on a traditional des-sert in the Acadiana region. Jennifer Melancon studied the art of pastry for several years before she and her husband, Dustin, decided to open Lafayette’s first cupcake-centered bak-ery, otherwise known as a cupcakery. Combining Jennifer’s skill and Dustin’s business sense, the Lafayette natives launched Sophi P Cupcakes in 2010. Al-most immediately, Sophi P Cupcakes became a community favorite and later that year was recognized as the 2010 ‘‘Best New Business’’ by the Better Business Bureau of Acadiana. One year later, Jennifer and Dustin were award-ed the 2011 ‘‘Rising Young Business Leader’’ by the Junior Achievement of Acadiana. Over the next few years, Sophi P Cupcakes continued to grow and succeed and in 2015 expanded their operation to launch multiple Sophi P Express coolers across the campus of the couple’s alma mater, the Univer-sity of Louisiana at Lafayette. Jen-nifer and Dustin are now focused on the future of Sophi P’s and have their eyes set on expanding their business across Louisiana and the Nation. While hard work and thoughtful planning have played a major role in their success, there is no doubt that Jennifer’s leadership as the head pas-try chef and owner has helped cement Sophi P’s as a local favorite in Acadiana. Catchy cupcake names such as ‘‘the Dude’’ and ‘‘Chocolate Thun-der’’ match the ‘‘sophisticated to punk’’ theme that is the inspiration be-hind the cupcakery. With treats made daily with fresh ingredients and a mis-sion revolving around customer service and appreciation, it is no wonder that Sophi P’s is a great success as part of the cupcake craze sweeping the Nation. During the month of October, when we celebrate women-owned small busi-nesses, I want to especially congratu-late Jennifer for her role in making Sophi P Cupcakes the resounding suc-cess that it is today. Her exceptional culinary skill and artistic mind has helped Sophi P Cupcakes become one of Acadiana’s favorite places for sweet treats. Her passion is an example to all aspiring female entrepreneurs, and I applaud her for tapping into her talent and embarking on the endeavor of own-ing a small business with her husband. Congratulations to Jennifer, Dustin, and the entire team at Sophi P Cup-cakes on being named Small Business of the Week. I look forward to your continued confectionary success. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 10:34 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 4511. An act to amend the Veterans’ Oral History Project Act to allow the collec-tion of video and audio recordings of bio-graphical histories by immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces who died as a result of their service during a period of war. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:56 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: H.R. 845. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Reg-ister a strategy to significantly increase the role of volunteers and partners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes. H.R. 5392. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve the Veterans Crisis Line. H.R. 6007. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to include consideration of cer-tain impacts on commercial space launch and reentry activities in a navigable air-space analysis, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–7530. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7531. A communication from the Chief, International Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘In the Matter of Review of Foreign Ownership Poli-cies for Broadcast, Common Carrier and Aeronautical Radio Licensees under Section 310(b) (4) of the Communication Act of 1934, as Amended’’ ((FCC 16–128) (GN Docket No. 15–236)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7532. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Telemarketing Sales Rule Fees’’ (RIN3084–AA98) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 6, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7533. A communication from the Chief Counsel, National Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision to the Manual of Regulations and Procedures for Federal Radio Frequency Management’’ (RIN0660–AA32) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 13, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7534. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Arbi-tration Procedures’’ (RIN2140–AB24) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7535. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.083 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6467 November 17, 2016 
a rule entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety: Enhanced Emergency Order Procedures’’ (RIN2137– AF26) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7536. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety: Expanding the Use of Excess Flow Valves in Gas Dis-tribution Systems to Applications Other Than Single-Family Residences’’ (RIN2137– AE71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7537. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (NPIAS) 2017–2021’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7538. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commer-cial Driver’s License Requirements of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Cen-tury Act (MAP–21) and the Military Com-mercial Driver’s License Act of 2012’’ (RIN2126–AB68) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–7539. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to Implement Grants Provisions of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act’’ (RIN2126–AB91) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7540. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Prin-ciples and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ (RIN2700–AE29) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 2, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7541. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Trifloxystrobin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9954–04) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7542. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Prothioconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9953–71) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7543. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Iron oxide yellow; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9953–21) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7544. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Di-n-butyl Adipate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9954–58) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7545. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clomazone; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9953–88) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7546. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Pyrrolidinone, 1-butyl-; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9953–82) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–7547. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluxapyroxad; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9953–87) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7548. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Apricots Grown in Designated Counties in Wash-ington; Increased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0050) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7549. A communication from the Acting Director of Program Development and Regu-latory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘New Equipment Contract, RUS Contract Form 395 for Telecommunications and Broadband Borrowers’’ (RIN0572–AC29) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–7550. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Presi-dential Aircraft Recapitalization (PAR) pro-gram; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7551. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed Services (CHAMPUS)/TRICARE: Refills of Mainte-nance Medications Through Military Treat-ment Facility Pharmacies or National Mail Order Pharmacy Program’’ (RIN0720–AB64) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 8, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–7552. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13712 of Novem-ber 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 9, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7553. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12938 with respect to the prolifera-tion of weapons of mass destruction, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 8, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7554. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Depart-mental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualified Financial Con-tracts Recordkeeping Related to Orderly Liquidation Authority’’ (RIN1505–AC46) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 8, 2016; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7555. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to the Export Administration Regula-tions: Update of Arms Embargoes on Cote d’Ivoire, Liberia, Sri Lanka and Vietnam, and Recognition of India as Member of the Missile Technology Control Regime’’ (RIN0694–AH07) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–7556. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedure for Commer-cial Packaged Boilers’’ (RIN1904–AD16) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of Senate on No-vember 10, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7557. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program for Certain Commercial and Industrial Equipment: Test Procedure for Commercial Water Heating Equipment’’ (RIN1904–AD18) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of Senate on November 10, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7558. A communication from the Con-servation Policy Specialist, Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Management of Non-Federal Oil and Gas Rights’’ (RIN1018–AX36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–7559. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Nebraska; Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram’’ (FRL No. 9955–25–Region 7) received in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.003 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6468 November 17, 2016 
the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–7560. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the California State Im-plementation Plan; South Coast Air Quality Management District; Control of Oxides of Nitrogen Emissions from Off-Road Diesel Ve-hicles’’ (FRL No. 9954–78–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7561. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Procedure 2 - Quality Assurance Requirements for Particulate Matter Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems at Stationary Sources’’ ((RIN2060– AT15) (FRL No. 9955–20–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7562. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ocean Disposal; Designation of a Dredged Material Disposal Site in Eastern Region of Long Island Sound; Connecticut’’ (FRL No. 9955–13–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7563. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous Waste Generator Improve-ments Rule’’ ((RIN2050–AG70) (FRL No. 9947– 26–OLEM)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7564. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous Waste Export-Import Re-visions’’ ((RIN2050–AG77) (FRL No. 9947–74– OLEM)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7565. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Arizona; Revised Format for Materials Incorporated By Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9948–55–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7566. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Plan; Georgia; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9955–32–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7567. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; KY Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 1-hour NO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9955–19–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7568. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Full Program Ade-quacy of Washington’s Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Permitting Program’’ (FRL No. 9928–27–Region 10) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–7569. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NH; Rules for Re-ducing Particulate Emissions’’ (FRL No. 9953–83–Region 1) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7570. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Air Act Redesignation Sub-stitute for the Dallas-Fort Worth 1-hour Ozone and 1997 8-hour Ozone Nonattainment Areas; Texas’’ (FRL No. 9953–93–Region 6) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7571. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Air Act Redesignation Sub-stitute for the Houston-Galveston-Brazoria 1997 8-hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Texas’’ (FRL No. 9953–89–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 4, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7572. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rescission of Preconstruction Per-mits Issued Under the Clean Air Act’’ ((RIN2060–AS56) (FRL No. 9954–88–OAR)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–7573. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9953–41)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7574. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Arizona; Regional Haze Federal Implementation Plan; Reconsider-ation’’ (FRL No. 9955–17–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–7575. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans: Texas; Approval of Substi-tution for Transportation Control Measures’’ (FRL No. 9954–36–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7576. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Houston-Galveston Navigation Channels, Texas, project; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7577. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Unified Listing Team, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Adding Ten Species and Updating Five Species on the List of Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018– BB82) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7578. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of Solidago albopilosa (White-haired Gold-enrod) From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Plants’’ (RIN1018–BA46) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7579. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassi-fying the Columbia River Distinct Popu-lation Segment of the Columbian White- Tailed Deer as Threatened With a Rule Under Section 4(d) of the Act’’ (RIN1018– BA30) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 15, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–7580. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of the 36- month Non-payment Testing Period Rule’’ ((RIN1545–BM01) (TD 9793)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 10, 2016; to the Committee on Finance . EC–7581. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Programs: Revisions to Payment Policies under the Physician Fee Schedule and Other Revisions to Part B for CY 2017; Medicare Advantage Bid Pricing Data Re-lease; Medicare Advantage and Part D Med-ical Loss Ratio Data Release; Medicare Ad-vantage Provider Network Requirements; Expansion of Medicare Diabetes Prevention Program Model; Medicare Shared Savings Program Requirements’’ (RIN0938–AS82) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 10, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–7582. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicability of Section 411(b)(5)(B)(i) to Implicit Interest Pensions Equity Plans’’ (Notice 2016–67) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 8, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.005 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6469 November 17, 2016 
EC–7583. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; CY 2017 Inpatient Hos-pital Deductible and Hospital and Extended Care Services Coinsurance Amounts’’ ((RIN0938–AS70) (CMS–8062-N)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7584. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program: CY 2017 Part A Pre-miums for the Uninsured Aged and for Cer-tain Disabled Individuals Who Have Ex-hausted Other Entitlement’’ ((RIN0938–AS71) (CMS–8063-N)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7585. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program: Medicare Part B Month-ly Actuarial Rates, Premium Rate, and An-nual Deductible Beginning January 1, 2017’’ ((RIN0938–AS72) (CMS–8064-N)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7586. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicaid Program: Covered Outpatient Drug; Delay in Change in Definitions of States and the United States’’ ((RIN0938– AT09) (CMS–2345-IFC)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–7587. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sections 4375 and 4376—Insured and Self-Insured Health Plans Adjusted Applicable Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by sections 4375 and 4376’’ (Notice 2016–64) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–7588. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the amendment of a designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Secretary of State (OSS–2016–1355); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–7589. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report prepared by the Department of State on progress toward a negotiated solu-tion of the Cyprus question covering the pe-riod June 1, 2016 through July 31, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–7590. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report consistent with the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (P.L. 107–243) and the Au-thorization for the Use of Force Against Iraq Resolution (P.L. 102–1) for the June 10, 2016– August 9, 2016 reporting period; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–7591. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–519, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of 1300 H Street, N.E., and Approval of Amended Term Sheet Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7592. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–520, ‘‘Fort Dupont Ice Arena Programming Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7593. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–521, ‘‘Child and Youth, Safety and Health Omnibus Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7594. A communication from the Execu-tive Director of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7595. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the cost of response and re-covery efforts for FEMA–3376-EM in the State of Louisiana having exceeded the $5,000,000 limit for a single emergency dec-laration; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7596. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Ad-ministration’s fiscal year 2016 Financial Re-port; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7597. A communication from the Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7598. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the six-month period from April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7599. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–522, ‘‘Closing of Public Streets and Dedication of Land for Street and Alley Purposes in and abutting Squares 3953, 3954, 4024, 4025, and Parcel 143/45, S.O. 14–20357, Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–7600. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the restating of the Commission’s fiscal year 2015 balance sheet; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–7601. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Secretary, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 9, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–7602. A communication from the Execu-tive Director of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–7603. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of Regulations and Policy Man-agement Staff, Food and Drug Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Ad-ditives Exempt From Certification; Tita-nium Dioxide and Listing of Color Additives Subject to Certification; [Phthalocyaninato (2-)] Copper’’ (Docket No. FDA–2016–F–0821) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 7, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7604. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Evalua-tion Findings—Performance Improvement 2014–2015 Report’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7605. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2016 Re-port to Congress on Health IT Progress: Ex-amining the HITECH Era and the Future of Health IT’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7606. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for the Divi-sion of Regulatory Services, Office of Ele-mentary and Secondary Education, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, As Amended By the Every Student Succeeds Act—Accountability and State Plans’’ (RIN1810–AB27) received in the Office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–7607. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘International Trademark Classifica-tion Changes’’ (RIN0651–AD12) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 4, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–7608. A communication from the Policy Officer, Department of the Army, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Army Na-tional Military Cemeteries’’ (RIN0702–AA60) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 10, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–7609. A communication from the Dep-uty Bureau Chief, Public Safety and Home-land Security Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Wireless Emergency Alerts; Amendments to Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding the Emer-gency Alert System’’ ((FCC 16–127) (PS Dock-et No. 15–91 and PS Docket No. 15–94)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7610. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Suncoast Super Boat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.007 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6470 November 17, 2016 
Grand Prix; Gulf of Mexico, Sarasota, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0418)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7611. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Black Warrior River, Mile 338.8 to 341.9; Tuscaloosa, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0576)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7612. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Houma Navigation Canal miles 23 to 23.5, Dulac, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0650)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7613. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Hudson River, Edgewater, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016– 0648)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7614. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor, GU’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0555)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7615. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tennessee River 385.0–387.0; Scottsboro, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0467)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7616. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Designating the Sakhalin Bay-Nikolaya Bay-Amur River Stock of Beluga Whales as a Depleted Stock Under the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA)’’ (RIN0648–BF55) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 9, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–7617. A communication from the Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Appalachian High Country Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC25) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 9, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: POM–216. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact the Resilient Federal Forests Act; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1011 Whereas, national forest lands are the larg-est single source of water in the United States and, in some regions of the west, con-tribute nearly 50% of the overall water sup-ply; and Whereas, the unhealthy state of these for-ests has resulted in catastrophic wildfires that are threatening the reliability, volume and quality of water for tens of millions of Americans; and Whereas, severe drought and record-break-ing wildfire seasons have highlighted the need for the implementation of a process that would require and provide for the United States Forest Service to accelerate restoration work in our national forests, which would protect critical headwaters and make forest lands more resilient against pro-longed dry conditions, insect infestation and fire; and Whereas, failure to take quick action will result in a continued increase in the fre-quency and intensity of destructive wildfires, impacting the nation’s water re-sources for decades at considerable cost to stakeholders and United States taxpayers; and Whereas, the customs, cultures and eco-nomic well-being of our local communities, as well as important historic and cultural as-pects of our local heritage, are being ignored, which adversely affects the lives and jobs of the people of the United States and dev-astates local and state economies; and Whereas, on June 4, 2015, Representative Bruce Westerman introduced H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forests Act. The bill passed in the House on July 9, 2015 and was transmitted to the Senate, where it died in committee; and Whereas, the Resilient Federal Forests Act expedites and improves forest management activities through a collaborative process, resulting in the protection of water re-sources. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentative concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress enact the Resilient Federal Forests Act. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–217. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California rel-ative to small unmanned aircraft systems; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 18 Whereas, In the western United States, water is a vital and scarce resource, the availability of which has and continues to circumscribe growth, development, economic well-being, and environmental quality of life; and Whereas, The wise use, conservation, de-velopment, and management of our water re-sources is critical to maintaining human life, health, safety, and property; and Whereas, The western United States is cur-rently experiencing serious drought condi-tions that are predicted to worsen; and Whereas, Agricultural irrigation uses a sig-nificant amount of water, making the agri-cultural sector one of the most important sectors to examine when considering water conservation; and Whereas, Even modest improvements in agricultural water use can result in signifi-cant amounts of water not being depleted re-gionwide, which can then be utilized else-where; and Whereas, Precision agricultural manage-ment studies have shown than farmers can reduce the amount of water, fertilizer, and pesticide needed by their fields by utilizing high-resolution, high-quality remotely sensed imagery to guide their application ef-forts of water, fertilizer, and pesticide; and Whereas, Small unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS) have the capability to quickly pro-vide expansive, high-resolution, and high- quality remotely sensed imagery that can measure specific bands in the solar spec-trum, such as the thermal infrared band, which allows farmers to better understand and manage their water use; and Whereas, The Federal Aviation Adminis-tration (FAA) is currently in the process adopting rules for the usage of sUAS in agri-cultural management; and Whereas, Flights of sUAS, for the purposes of precision agricultural management, could occur safely at low altitudes, in rural areas removed from other air traffic and human populations, and in accordance with the FAA’s proposed guidelines; and Whereas, Small unmanned aircraft systems have been used in precision agricultural management in Japan for a decade, success-fully optimizing and monitoring the manage-ment of 2.5 million acres of farmland, 40 per-cent of which are rice fields, without any sig-nificant reported incidents; and Whereas, Several University of California campuses and the California State Univer-sity system are developing precision agri-culture applications with sUAS to help save water and improve crop and environmental monitoring. For example, the Mechatronics Embedded Systems and Automation Lab at the University of California, Merced, has de-veloped numerous innovations for precision agricultural management with sUAS; and Whereas, Flights of sUAS also have the ca-pacity for detecting invasive plant species that deplete high amounts of water such as yellow star thistle, arundo, tamarisk, and cheatgrass, which serve no agricultural pur-pose and removal of which would help in water conservation efforts; and Whereas, The use of sUAS is an emerging technology and has great promise for the de-velopment of models that forecast and pre-dict economic impacts of droughts and mete-orological phenomena: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That, due to the severity of the drought gripping the western United States, the California Legis-lature respectfully requests the President of the United States and the United States Sec-retary of Transportation, more specifically the FAA, to allow for the operation of sUAS by farmers and rangeland managers pursuant to emergency rules adopted by the adminis-tration before the FAA rules for sUAS are fi-nalized. The emergency rules should be based on the proposed FAA rules for sUAS that were released in February 2015 and that in-corporate all of the following: (a) That the emergency FAA rules for sUAS operation be applicable to counties lo-cated in the western portion of the United States that are projected to be in drought during the current growing season, as de-fined by the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Association’s Seasonal Drought Out-look. (b) That the emergency FAA rules for sUAS operation allow Farmers to contract with sUAS flight service providers to execute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.009 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6471 November 17, 2016 
missions on their behalf in the airspace over-lying lands that they own or control under the proposed FAA rules for sUAS. (c) That the emergency FAA rules for sUAS operations that allow universities and government agencies seeking to operate or procure providers for sUAS missions for drought-related research or precision man-agement applications be given expedited ap-proval. (d) That the emergency FAA rules for sUAS operation also allow farmers and rangeland managers to use sUAS imagery to detect highly water-depletive invasive spe-cies on their land or public lands that they manage; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Majority Leader of the Sen-ate, each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of, the United States, and the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. 
POM–218. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California rel-ative to federal transportation funding; to the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 24 Whereas, California’s transportation infra-structure is aging and in serious need of re-pair with the state facing a $59 billion short-fall to bring the existing state highway sys-tem to a state of good repair over the next decade and with California cities and coun-ties facing a $78 billion shortfall in restoring their own systems over the same period; and Whereas, California motorists spend $17 billion annually in extra maintenance and car repair bills, more than $700 per driver, due to the state’s poorly maintained roads; and Whereas, Freight, transportation is crit-ical to the economic vitality of the United States and robust investment in safe and ef-ficient transportation facilities and infra-structure is essential to promoting strong economic growth in California and through-out the nation; and Whereas, California has the most exten-sive, complex, and interconnected freight system in the country, including a system of seaports stretching from the City of Hum-boldt to the City of San Diego, six inter-national land ports of entry along the United States-Mexico border, and a vast network of freight rail lines and truck routes which en-able the state to serve as the nation’s gate-way to international trade; and Whereas, California’s freight network moves 1.8 billion tons of goods, valued at more than $2 trillion, throughout the state; the vast majority of which travels to des-tinations beyond the state’s borders; and Whereas, Freight shipments into, out of, and within California, are projected to grow approximately 180 percent by the year 2040; and Whereas, California’s freight system. is re-sponsible for the creation of 800,000 freight jobs and stimulates the creation of millions of other jobs throughout the economy; and Whereas, Expansion of public transpor-tation is a key element of California’s strat-egy to improve mobility while meeting crit-ical greenhouse gas reduction targets; yet the California Transit Association reports that the state’s public transit agencies face a 10-year $72 bi11ion capital and operating shortfall; and Whereas, In December 2015, the United States Congress passed, and President Barack Obama signed, the Fixing. America’s Surface Transportation Act (FASTAct), which represents the first long-term federal transportation bill in more than a decade; and Whereas, The FAST Act provides Cali-fornia and other states with long-term cer-tainty and stability in financing transpor-tation projects by providing marginal in-creases in most existing highway and transit programs, as well as $2.1 billion annually in new freight investment; and Whereas, The FAST Act still falls short of the level of investment needed to rebuild California’s and the nation’s infrastructure because the United States congress has not raised the federal fuel excise tax that tradi-tionally has funded transportation since 1993, and meanwhile, the tax has lost more than 55 percent of its purchasing power and Congress has been unable to agree on an al-ternative to restore that funding gap: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature commends. Congress and the Presi-dent of the United States for enacting the FAST Act to provide stability and reliability in federal transportation funding over the next five years; and be it further, Resolved, That the Legislature urges Con-gress and the President to fully fund the Transportation Investment Generating Eco-nomic Recovery (TIGER) program at a level of $525 million in the 2017 fiscal year to pro-vide additional critical transportation in-vestment in California and elsewhere; and be it further Resolved, That the Legislature urges Con-gress and the President to work together to finally find a long-term, sustainable funding solution to restore the lost purchasing power of the federal fuel excise tax, and provide California and the rest of the country with the resources needed to rebuild its infra-structure, invest in its people through good, well-paying jobs, and restore our economy; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the author for appropriate dis-tribution. 
POM–219. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the-United States Congress to act to prohibit federal agencies from recom-mending and identifying Arizona’s public lands as wilderness areas without express congressional consent; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1014 Whereas, through federal land manage-ment planning and associated guidelines, federal agencies are recommending and iden-tifying Arizona’s public lands as wilderness areas; and Whereas, these administratively rec-ommended wilderness areas circumvent con-gressional intent and lack full and appro-priate National Environmental. Policy Act (NEPA) analyses; and Whereas, the identification of these de facto wilderness areas has resulted in signifi-cant restrictions on public access and recre-ation, paralyzing restrictions on the Arizona Game and Fish Department’s ability to man-age wildlife and potentially catastrophic re-strictions on vegetation and habitat im-provement projects, including fire manage-ment activities; and Whereas, the conservation of wildlife re-sources is the trust responsibility of the Ari-zona Game and Fish Commission, and this responsibility extends to all lands within Ar-izona to ensure abundant wildlife resources for current and future generations; and Whereas, the designation of Arizona’s pub-lic lands as wilderness areas has resulted in the erosion of the Arizona Game and Fish Department’s ability to comply with its fed-eral mandate to proactively recover threat-ened and endangered species; and Whereas, according to federal land man-agement agency guidelines, an administra-tively recommended wilderness area must be managed to ‘‘protect and maintain the social and ecological characteristics that provide the basis for wilderness recommendation’’ in perpetuity or until Congress takes action to formally designate the area as a wilderness area; and Whereas, allowable activities within ad-ministratively recommended wilderness areas will be left to the discretion of federal staff and deciding officers, resulting in even greater restrictions and limitations than those formally vetted and designated by Con-gress; and Whereas, congressionally designated wil-derness provides clearer guidance for man-agement and coordination with this state, specific processes for wildlife management exemptions and direction for collaboration via existing state agreements and guidelines; and Whereas, administratively recommended wilderness areas circumvent the spirit of NEPA and congressional intent and lack transparency; and Whereas, with the implementation of fed-eral land management plans, recommended wilderness areas constitute a significant and immediate change in management without a fully disclosed impact analysis required by NEPA; and Whereas, the federal land management plans lack full NEPA disclosure of potential impacts to this state and the public, assur-ances protecting this state’s ability to proactively manage wildlife and fulfill its public trust responsibility, including specific management activities, and analyses of the cumulative impacts of further loss of public lands that provide for multiple-use and wild-life-related recreational and economic oppor-tunities; and Whereas, the areas being recommended as wilderness were not included within the original wilderness designations with pur-poseful intent by Congress; and Whereas, the subsequent expansion of pre-viously designated wilderness is an over-reach of the federal agencies and disingen-uous to the public, subverting original col-laboration, coordination, negotiation and agreements; and Whereas, the federal agency planning docu-ments suggest that no significant manage-ment action or recommendation to Congress will take place before further NEPA analyses are completed. Within the recently released Prescott and Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest recommended wildernesses, the United States Forest Service indicates that these areas are simply preliminary adminis-trative recommendations and that further NEPA analyses are necessary, However, in transmittal letters, the United States Forest Service states that ‘‘the Final Environ-mental Impact Statement for the . . . For-est’s Revised Resource Management Plan contains the NEPA analysis necessary to support a legislative proposal.’’ This is an egregious lack of transparency. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the Congress of the United States act to prohibit federal agencies from recom-mending and identifying Arizona’s public lands as wilderness areas without express congressional consent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.014 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6472 November 17, 2016 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–220. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania relative to establishing drinking water standards for certain chemicals; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 384 Whereas, Decades after the United States Navy used an unregulated contaminant in firefighting training on two former Bases, Willow Grove Naval Air Station Joint Re-serve Base in Horsham and Naval Air War-fare Center Warminster, in Montgomery and Bucks Counties, chemicals are appearing in elevated levels in public and private water wells; and Whereas, The chemicals, perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) and perfluorooctansic acid (PFOA), are used in a variety of products such as fabric, carpets, nonstick cookware and firefighting foam; and Whereas, PFOS and PFOA are ‘‘extremely persistent in the environment and resistant to typical environmental degradation proc-esses,’’ according the United States Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA). The EPA also states, ‘‘The toxicity, mobility and bio-accumulation potential of PFOS and FOA pose potential adverse effects for the envi-ronment and human health’; and Whereas, A growing body of science has es-tablished associations between PFOS and PFOA and a range of health effects including a variety of cancers; and Whereas, The chemicals were first disconered in local public water supplies near the former military bases by an EPA testing program in 2013 and 2014, resulting in a health advisory that took several public water wells offline; and Whereas, On Thursday,May 19, 2016, the EPA issued an update to its health advisory for PFOS and PFOA that significantly re-duced the amount considered safe in drink-ing water. In the worst possible case, water containing the chemicals at an amount pre-viously deemed safe would now be more than eight times over the recommended limits; and Whereas, The new recommended levels have resulted in officials from the Horsham Water and Sewer Authority, Warminster Mu-nicipal Authority and Warrington Township Water and Sewer Department shutting down contaminated public drinking water wells, including 16 municipal wells in Horsham, Warrington and Warminster Thownships and an estimated 80 private wells; and Whereas, While the Senate of Pennsylvania acknowledges the current efforts of the EPA and the Department of Defense (DOD) as well as the Department of Environmental Protec-tion to provide bottled water to local resi-dents, more needs to be done to fully address this situation: Therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania wage the President, the Congress of the United States and the EPA to expeditiously determine if a Federal drinking water standard should be issued for PFOSs and PFOAs that can be enforced in the same manner as lead and arsenic; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate of Pennsylvania urge the President and the Congress of the United States to work with the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania to take all necessary action to ensure that the communities of Horsham, Warminster and Warrington Town-ships in Montgomery and Bucks Counties have safe drinking water and to direct the EPA and the DOD to use all their resources to discover the extent of the contamination, provide complete remediation, fully evaluate the health consequences and provide assist-ance to residents and military personnel who have been impacted by the water contamina-tion from these former military installa-tions; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate of Pennsylvania urge the Congress of the United States to consider the appropriation of additional funds to the EPA and DOD to address this issue; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, to the presiding officers of each house of Congress, to each member of Con-gress from Pennsylvania, to the United States Environmental Protection Agency and to the United States Department of De-fense. 
POM–221. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Iowa supporting the fed-eral renewable fuel standard; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE RESOLUTION 118 Whereas, in accordance with the federal Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109–58, as amended by the federal Energy Independ-ence and Security Act of 2007, Pub. L. No. 110–140, the United States has demonstrated its commitment to the long-term policy of increasing the domestic production of clean renewable fuels according to a renewable fuel standard, referred to as the ‘‘RFS’’; and Whereas, the RFS is the one of the single most successful energy policies in our na-tion’s history; and Whereas, the RFS is a federal policy that requires a minimum percentage of motor fuel sold in our nation to contain renewable fuels; and Whereas, under the RFS, renewable fuels have access to a retail market in the face of a vertically integrated petroleum market; and Whereas, the RFS represents a congres-sional promise to American biofuels pro-ducers, farmers, communities, and investors that the blend levels of the RFS will increase each year; and Whereas, this congressional policy sup-porting the RFS will continue to build the long-term capacity of the renewable fuels in-dustry and will encourage the development of new types of clean fuels; and Whereas, the RFS helps support over 73,000 jobs in agriculture, biofuels production, and associated businesses in Iowa; and Whereas, the renewable fuels industry in Iowa helps pay $5 billion in wages annually to this state’s employment force; and Whereas, renewable fuels create additional markets for Iowa farmers with more than 47 percent of Iowa’s corn supply supporting eth-anol production: Now therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate, That the Iowa Senate calls upon the Congress of the United States, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the President of the United States, and this country’s future President of the United States and adminis-tration, to continue to support the RFS in order to encourage American energy produc-tion and to strengthen rural communities; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this Resolution be sent to the President of the United States, the Administrator of the United States Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, and to the mem-bers of Iowa’s congressional delegation. 
POM–222. A resolution adopted by the Leg-islature of the State of California urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to take all necessary action to restore honor to, and rectify the mistreatment by the United States Military of, any sailors who were unjustly blamed for and convicted of mutiny after the Port Chi-cago disaster; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. SENATE RESOLUTION NO. 69 Whereas, On the night of July 17, 1944, two transport vessels loading ammunition at the Port Chicago naval base on the Sacramento River in California were suddenly engulfed in a gigantic explosion, the incredible blast of which wrecked the naval base and heavily damaged the town of Port Chicago, located 1.5 miles away; and Whereas, Everyone on the pier and aboard the two ships was killed instantly—some 320 American naval personnel, 200 of whom were African American enlisted men; and another 390 military and civilian personnel were in-jured, including 226 African American en-listed men; and Whereas, The two ships and the large load-ing pier were totally annihilated and an esti-mated $12,000,000 in property damage was caused by the huge blast; and Whereas, This single, stunning disaster ac-counted for nearly one-fifth of all African American naval casualties during the whole of World War II and was the worst home- front disaster of the war; and Whereas, The specific cause of the explo-sion was never officially established by a Court of Inquiry, in effect clearing the offi-cers-in-charge of any responsibility for the disaster and, insofar as any human cause was invoked, laying the burden of blame on the shoulders of the African American enlisted men who died in the explosion; and Whereas, Following the incident, many of the surviving African American sailors were transferred to nearby Camp Shoemaker where they remained until July 31, 1944, when two of the divisions were transferred to naval barracks in Vallejo near Mare Island and another division returned to Port Chi-cago to help with cleaning up and rebuilding the base; and Whereas, Many of these men were in a state of shock, troubled by the vivid memory of the horrible explosion; however, they were provided no psychiatric counseling or med-ical screening, except for those who were ob-viously physically injured; none of the men, even those who had been hospitalized with injuries, were granted survivor leaves to visit their families before being reassigned to regular duties; and none of these survivors were called to testify at the Court of In-quiry; and Whereas, Captain Merrill T. Kinne, Officer- in-Charge of Port Chicago, issued a state-ment praising the African American enlisted men and stating that ‘‘the men displayed creditable coolness and bravery under those emergency conditions’’; and Whereas, After the disaster, white sailors were given 30 days’ leave to visit their fami-lies—according to survivors, this was the standard for sailors involved in a disaster— while only African American sailors were or-dered back to work the next day to clean and remove human remains; and Whereas, After the disaster, the prepara-tion of Mare Island for the arrival of African American sailors included moving the bar-racks of white sailors away from the loading area in order to be clear of the ships being loaded in case of another explosion; and Whereas, The survivors and new personnel who later were ordered to return to loading ammunition expressed their opposition, cit-ing the possibility of another explosion; the first confrontation occurred on August 9, 1944, when 328 men from three divisions were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.013 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6473 November 17, 2016 
ordered out to the loading pier; the great majority of the men balked, and eventually 258 were arrested and confined for three days on a large barge tethered to the pier; and Whereas, Fifty of these men were selected as the ringleaders and charged with mutiny, and on October 24, 1944, after only 80 minutes of a military court, all 50 men were found guilty of mutiny—10 were sentenced to 15 years in prison, 24 sentenced to 12 years, 11 sentenced to 10 years, and 5 sentenced to 8 years; and all were to be dishonorably dis-charged from the Navy; this was the largest mass mutiny trial in the United States to this day; and Whereas, After a massive outcry the next year, in January 1946, 47 of the Port Chicago men were released from prison and ‘‘exiled’’ for one year overseas before returning to their families; and Whereas, In a 1994 investigation, the United States Navy stated that ‘‘there is no doubt that racial prejudice was responsible for the posting of only African American en-listed personnel to loading divisions at Port Chicago’’; and Whereas, In the 1994 investigation, the United States Navy, prompted by Members of Congress, admitted that the routine as-signment of only African American enlisted personnel to manual labor was clearly moti-vated by race; and Whereas, The United States Congress re-duced the death benefit to those killed in Port Chicago from $5,000, the normal amount given, to $3,000, simply because the sailors were African American; and Whereas, in many eases, families of sailors killed in the disaster were never told they were entitled to consideration for the death of their relative; and Whereas, In 2009, the Port Chicago Naval Magazine Memorial site was designated as part of the National Park Service; and Whereas, Despite the gross injustice faced by these sailors, only one of the men charged with mutiny was given a pardon by Presi-dent Clinton in 1998: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate of the State of Cali-fornia, That the Senate urges the President and the Congress of the United States to take all necessary action to restore honor to, and rectify the mistreatment by the United States Military of, any sailors who were un-justly blamed for and convicted of mutiny after the Port Chicago disaster, which oc-curred in the town of Port Chicago, Cali-fornia, in 1944; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate further urges the President and the Congress of the United States to take action to ensure that the treatment of sailors by the United States Military after the Port Chicago disaster is rectified by providing for the full exonera-tion of all those who were wrongfully court- martialed and having the military records of those involved cleared of any wrongdoing or discharge references that were other than honorable, regardless of whether those sail-ors are alive or deceased; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–223. A joint resolution adopted by the Senate of the State of California urging the passage of H.R. 4745, the Interim Consoli-dated Storage Act of 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 23 Whereas, Millions of ratepayer and tax-payer dollars are spent monitoring and over-seeing spent nuclear fuel each year and mil-lions of dollars more are programmed to be spent on settlement payments related to nu-clear waste disposition; and Whereas, Much of the spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste currently stored is at sites that are vulnerable to nat-ural disasters and located near large metro-politan centers; and Whereas, The United States Department of Energy concluded in 2013 that a geologic re-pository for the permanent disposal of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste will not be available until 2048, at the ear-liest; and Whereas, The President’s Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future recommended that efforts he made to de-velop a permanent disposal site for spent nu-clear fuel and high-level radioactive waste; and Whereas, The spent nuclear fuel at the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station, a decom-missioning site, should be promptly and safe-ly moved to a consolidated storage site, as recommended by the President’s Blue Ribbon Commission on America’s Nuclear Future, and as would be advanced by H.R. 4745, the Interim Consolidated Storage Act of 2016, which would give priority for storage to high-level nuclear waste and spent nuclear fuel located on a site without an operating nuclear reactor: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature of the State of California respectfully urges the passage of H.R. 4745 and supports the development and passage of complemen-tary legislation; and be it further Resolved, That the Legislature of the State of California respectfully urges the United States Department of Energy to implement the prompt and safe relocation of spent nu-clear fuel from the San Onofre Nuclear Gen-erating Station to a licensed and regulated interim consolidated storage facility; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States, to the Speak-er of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Sen-ator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the Secretary of Energy. POM–224. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to oppose the implementation of certain rules for ex-isting electric utility generating units; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2016 Whereas, the Clean Air Act (CAA) is a fed-eral law designed to protect air quality na-tionwide; and Whereas, jurisdiction to implement the CAA lies primarily with the states; and Whereas, in 1970, Congress enacted the CAA, mandating comprehensive state and federal regulations for both stationary and nonstationary sources of pollution; and Whereas, while Americans support efforts to improve air quality, such efforts should be carefully balanced to ensure that the cost of new regulations on the economy do not ex-ceed potential benefits; and Whereas, on October 23, 2015, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published final rules in the Federal Register regulating greenhouse gas emis-sions from existing electric utility gener-ating units, also known as the Clean Power Plan; and Whereas, the EPA has issued a proposed federal plan that will be imposed on existing electric utility generating units in the State of Arizona if the State of Arizona does not adopt its own plan implementing the Clean Power Plan regulating greenhouse gas emis-sions; and Whereas, the EPA’s Clean Power Plan ex-ceeds the agency’s legal authority to require reductions in carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units under Section 111(d) of the CAA and interferes with the electric system of Ari-zona; and Whereas, addressing greenhouse gas emis-sions under Section 111(d) is a discretionary duty of the EPA as outlined in the CAA; and Whereas, devoting resources to discre-tionary duties like regulating greenhouse gas emissions takes resources away from nondiscretionary duties that are better suit-ed to protect the public health and safety in the near term; and Whereas, it is important to Arizona’s econ-omy to have a diverse energy portfolio that provides reliable and affordable electric serv-ice to Arizona residents and businesses while also protecting the public health and safety; and Whereas, fossil fuels, including coal and natural gas, provide an abundant and afford-able domestic energy source that is impor-tant to Arizona’s economy and enhance the availability and reliability of electric serv-ice; and Whereas, the EPA’s final Clean Power Plan impedes the ability of this state to oversee its own electricity supply and transmission system; and Whereas, the EPA’s Clean Power Plan will have adverse impacts on the customs, cul-ture, history, heritage and economies of this state and local communities. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress oppose the implementation of rules for existing electric utility generating units that exceed the EPA’s legal authority under Section 111(d) of the CAA and interfere with the pre-rogative of Arizona to regulate electricity and ensure an affordable and reliable supply of electricity for its citizens. 2. That the United States Congress oppose the implementation of rules for existing electric utility generating units that do not recognize the primary role of states in estab-lishing and implementing plans to achieve emissions reductions for existing units under Section 111(d) of the CAA. 3. That the United States Congress exer-cise oversight over the EPA to ensure that the primary role of states in establishing and implementing plans to achieve emissions re-ductions from existing electric utility gener-ating units under Section 111(d) of the CAA is respected. 4. That the Governor and the Attorney General of the State of Arizona take appro-priate actions to uphold this state’s respon-sibilities with respect to the CAA and defend this state against overreaching regulations. 5. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona, the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the Governor of the State of Arizona and the Attorney General of the State of Ar-izona. 
POM–225. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency to reinstate the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 parts per 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.018 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6474 November 17, 2016 
billion; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1007 Whereas, on October 1, 2015, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reduced the national ambient air qual-ity standards for ground-level ozone from 75 parts per billion (ppb) to 70 ppb; and Whereas, the State of Arizona will have great difficulty in implementing this new ozone concentration standard due to factors that are outside of this state’s control, in-cluding its proximity to California, extreme heat and intense summer sunshine; and Whereas, before the implementation of the new ozone concentration standard, the EPA reported that 358 counties in the nation would violate a standard of 70 ppb based on monitoring data from 2011 through 2013; and Whereas, nonattainment area designations will limit economic and job growth by re-stricting new and expanded industrial and manufacturing facilities, imposing emission ‘‘offset’’ requirements on new and modified major sources of nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds emissions, constraining oil and gas extraction and raising electricity prices for industries and consumers; and Whereas, low-income and fixed-income citizens will bear the brunt of higher energy costs and utility bills; and Whereas, air quality continues to improve, and nitrogen oxide emissions are already down to 60% nationwide since 1980, which, after adjusting for economic growth, implies a 90% reduction in emission rates from the relatively uncontrolled 1990 rates for nitro-gen oxide-emitting sources; and Whereas, average ozone concentrations have decreased significantly in both urban and rural areas over the past two decades in response to state and federal emission con-trol programs; and Whereas, instead of giving states enough time to meet the previous ozone concentra-tion standard of 75 ppb through ongoing emission reduction programs, the EPA moved the goalpost by imposing a lower standard; and Whereas, reinstating the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 ppb would pro-vide for continued air quality improvement throughout the nation as emission reduction programs under EPA regulations are imple-mented. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Environmental Protection Agency reinstate the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 ppb. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–226. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact the Stopping EPA Overreach Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1015 Whereas, the Stopping EPA Overreach Act seeks to prevent the United States Environ-mental Protection Agency (EPA) from ex-ceeding its statutory authority in ways that were not contemplated by the United States Congress; and Whereas, in the Stopping EPA Overreach Act, the State of Arizona urges Congress to find that; (1) The EPA has exceeded its statutory au-thority by promulgating regulations that were not contemplated by Congress in the authorizing language of the statutes enacted by Congress; (2) The EPA was correct not to classify greenhouse gases as pollutants prior to 2009; (3) No federal agency has the authority to regulate greenhouse gases under current law; and (4) No attempt to regulate greenhouse gases should be undertaken without further congressional action; and Whereas, the Stopping EPA Overreach Act should clarify that federal agencies do not have the authority to regulate climate change or global warming, thereby voiding certain EPA rules, and requires the Adminis-trator of the EPA to provide an analysis of any regulation, rule or policy that describes its impacts on employment, and jobs in the United States before proposing or finalizing that regulation, rule or policy; and Whereas, any federal agency seeking to promulgate a regulation, rule or policy should be required to provide the cost-ben-efit analysis and peer-reviewed science that were used in proposing the regulation, rule or policy; and Whereas, penalties should be imposed for knowingly providing false information as support for a proposed regulation, rule or policy; and Whereas, the people of Arizona fully sup-port the Stopping EPA Overreach Act, Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress enact the Stopping EPA Overreach Act, 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. POM–227. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency to reinstate the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 parts per billion; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1007 Whereas, on October 1, 2015, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reduced the national ambient air qual-ity standards for ground-level ozone from 75 parts per billion (ppb) to 70 ppb; and Whereas, the State of Arizona will have great difficulty in implementing this new ozone concentration standard due to factors that are outside of this state’s control, in-cluding its proximity to California, extreme heat and intense summer sunshine; and Whereas, before the implementation of the new ozone concentration standard, the EPA reported that 358 counties in the nation would violate a standard of 70 ppb based on monitoring data from 2011 through 2013; and Whereas, nonattainment area designations will limit economic and job growth by re-stricting new and expanded industrial and manufacturing facilities, imposing emission ‘‘offset’’ requirements on new and modified major sources of nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds emissions, constraining oil and gas extraction and raising electricity prices for industries and consumers; and Whereas, low-income and fixed-income citizens will bear the brunt of higher energy costs and utility bills; and Whereas, air quality continues to improve, and nitrogen oxide emissions are already down to 60% nationwide since 1980, which, after adjusting for economic growth, implies a 90% reduction in emission rates from the relatively uncontrolled 1990 rates for nitro-gen oxide-emitting sources; and Whereas, average ozone concentrations have decreased significantly in both urban and rural areas over the past two decades in response to state and federal emission con-trol programs; and Whereas, instead of giving states enough time to meet the previous ozone concentra-tion standard of 75 ppb through ongoing emission reduction programs, the EPA moved the goalpost by imposing a lower standard; and Whereas, reinstating the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 ppb would pro-vide for continued air quality improvement throughout the nation as emission reduction programs under EPA regulations are imple-mented. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Environmental Protection Agency reinstate the previous ozone concentration standard of 75 ppb. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. POM–228. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to oppose the implementation of certain rules for ex-isting electric utility generating units; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1016 Whereas, the Clean Air Act (CAA) is a fed-eral law designed to protect air quality na-tionwide; and Whereas, jurisdiction to implement the CAA lies primarily with the states; and Whereas, in 1970, Congress enacted the CAA, mandating comprehensive state and- federal regulations for both stationary and nonstationary sources of pollution; and Whereas, while Americans support efforts to improve air quality, such efforts should be carefully balanced to ensure that the cost of new regulations on the economy do not ex-ceed potential benefits; and Whereas, on October 23, 2015, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published final rules in the Federal Register regulating greenhouse gas emis-sions from existing electric utility gener-ating units, also known as the Clean Power Plan; and Whereas, the EPA has issued a proposed federal plan that will be imposed on existing electric utility generating units in the State of Arizona if the State of Arizona does not adopt its own plan implementing the Clean Power Plan regulating greenhouse gas emis-sions; and Whereas, the EPA’s Clean Power Plan ex-ceeds the agency’s legal authority to require reductions in carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units under Section 111(d) of the CAA and interferes with the electric system of Ari-zona; and Whereas, addressing greenhouse gas emis-sions under Section 111(d) is a discretionary duty of the EPA as outlined in the CAA; and Whereas, devoting resources to discre-tionary duties like regulating greenhouse gas emissions takes resources away from nondiscretionary duties that are better suit-ed to protect the public health and safety in the near term; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.021 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6475 November 17, 2016 
Whereas, it is important to Arizona’s econ-omy to have a diverse energy portfolio that provides reliable and affordable electric serv-ice to Arizona residents and businesses while also protecting the public health and safety; and Whereas, fossil fuels, including coal and natural gas, provide an abundant and afford-able domestic energy source that is impor-tant to Arizona’s economy and enhance the availability and reliability of electric serv-ice; and Whereas, the EPA’s final Clean Power Plan impedes the ability of this state to oversee its own electricity supply and transmission system; and Whereas, the EPA’s Clean Power Plan will have adverse impacts on the customs, cul-ture, history, heritage and economies of this state and local communities. Wherefore, your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress oppose the implementation of rules for existing electric utility generating units that exceed the EPA’s legal authority under Section 111(d) of the CAA and interfere with the pre-rogative of Arizona to regulate electricity and ensure an affordable and reliable supply of electricity for its citizens, 2. That the United States Congress oppose the implementation of rules for existing electric utility generating units that do not recognize the primary role of states in estab-lishing and implementing plans to achieve emissions reductions for existing units under Section 111(d) of the CAA. 3. That the United States Congress exer-cise oversight over the EPA to ensure that the primary role of states in establishing and implementing plans to achieve emissions re-ductions from existing electric utility gener-ating units under Section 111(d) of the CAA is respected. 4. That the Governor and the Attorney General of the State of Arizona take appro-priate actions to uphold this state’s respon-sibilities with respect to the CAA and defend this state against overreaching regulations. 5. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona, the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the Governor of the State of Arizona and the attorney General of the State of Ari-zona, 
POM–229. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1008 Whereas, on April 13, 2015, Representative Bill Shuster introduced H.R. 1732, the Regu-latory Integrity Protection Act; and Whereas, the Regulatory Integrity Protec-tion Act protects landowners from intrusive government regulation and ensures the pro-tection of personal property; and Whereas, the Regulatory. Integrity Protec-tion Act came in response to efforts by the Obama Administration, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the United States Army Corps of Engineers to implement the Clean Water Rule, which vastly expands the federal government’s ability to regulate waterways; and Whereas, the final rule became effective on August 28, 2015; and Whereas, the final rule is far too broad, al-lowing the federal government to regulate everything from puddles of rainwater to ag-ricultural irrigation systems; and Whereas, the final rule allows waters that have tradi-tionally been off limits to federal regulation to be subject to the rulemaking process of the EPA and the Clean Water Act; and Whereas, the customs, cultures and eco-nomic well-being of our local communities, as well as important historic and cultural as-pects of our local heritage, are being ignored, which adversely affects the lives and jobs of the people of the United States and dev-astates local and state economies; and Whereas, the State of Arizona is one of 27 states that have brought legal challenges against the Clean Water Rule and success-fully obtained a nationwide stay barring the rule’s enforcement; and Whereas, if passed by Congress, the Regu-latory Integrity Protection Act would re-quire the EPA and the United States Army Corps of Engineers to develop a new rule that takes into consideration all public com-ments received on the matter as well as input received from state and local govern-ments. Wherefore your memorialist, the Sen-ate of the State of Arizona, the House of Representatives concurring, prays: 1. That the Congress of the United States enact the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. POM–230. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to review the Government Pension Offset and the Windfall Elimination Provision Social Secu-rity benefit reductions and to consider elimi-nating or reducing them; to the Committee on Finance. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 12 Whereas, the Congress of the United States of America has enacted both the Government Pension Offset (GPO), reducing the spousal and survivor Social Security benefit, and the Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP), re-ducing the earned Social Security benefits payable to any person who also receives a public pension benefit; and Whereas, the GPO negatively affects a spouse or survivor receiving a federal, state, or local government retirement or pension benefit who would also be entitled to a So-cial Security benefit earned by a spouse; and Whereas, the GPO formula reduces the spousal or survivor Social Security benefit by two-thirds of the amount of the federal, state, or local government retirement or pension benefit received by the spouse or survivor, in many cases completely elimi-nating the Social Security benefit even though their spouses paid Social Security taxes for many years; and Whereas, the GPO has a harsh effect on hundreds of thousands of citizens and under-mines the original purpose of the Social Se-curity dependent/survivor benefit; and Whereas, according to recent Social Secu-rity Administration figures, more than half a million individuals nationally are affected by the GPO; and Whereas, the WEP applies to those persons who have earned federal, state, or local gov-ernment retirement or pension benefits, in addition to working in employment covered under Social Security and paying into the Social Security system; and Whereas, the WEP reduces the earned So-cial Security benefit using an averaged in-dexed monthly earnings formula and may re-duce Social Security benefits for affected persons by as much as one-half of the retire-ment benefit earned as a public servant in employment not covered under Social Secu-rity; and Whereas, the WEP causes hardworking in-dividuals to lose a significant portion of the Social Security benefits that they earn themselves; and Whereas, according to recent Social Secu-rity Administration figures, more than one and a half million individuals nationally are affected by the WEP; and Whereas, in certain circumstances both the WEP and GPO can be applied to a qualifying survivor’s benefit, each independently reduc-ing the available benefit and in combination eliminating a large portion of the total So-cial Security benefit available to the sur-vivor; and Whereas, because of the calculation char-acteristics of the GPO and the WEP, they have a disproportionately negative effect on employees working in lower-wage govern-ment jobs, like policemen, firefighters, teachers, and state employees; and Whereas, Louisiana is making every effort to improve the quality of life of its citizens and to encourage them to live here lifelong, yet the current GPO and WEP provisions compromise their quality of life; and Whereas, the number of people affected by GPO and WEP is growing every day as more and more people reach retirement age; and Whereas, individuals drastically affected by the GPO or WEP may have no choice but to return to work after retirement in order to make ends meet, but the earnings accu-mulated during this return to work can fur-ther reduce the Social Security benefits the individual is entitled to; and Whereas, the GPO and WEP are established in federal law, and repeal of the GPO and the WEP can only be enacted by congress. There-fore be it Resolved that the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to review the Government Pension Offset and the Windfall Elimination Provi-sion Social Security benefit reductions and to consider eliminating or reducing them. Be it further Resolved that a copy of this Resolution be transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–231. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Ha-waii requesting the Hawaii sister-state com-mittee to review and consider the establish-ment of a state/province relationship be-tween the State of Hawaii of the United States of America and the Province of Aklan of the Republic of the Philippines; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 77 Whereas, the State of Hawaii is actively seeking to expand its international ties and has an abiding interest in the developing goodwill, friendship, and economic relations between the people of Hawaii and the people of Asian and Pacific countries; and Whereas, as part of its effort to achieve this goal, Hawaii has established a number of sister-state relationships with provinces in the Pacific region; and Whereas, because of the historical rela-tionship between the United States of Amer-ica and the Republic of the Philippines, there continue to exist valid reasons to promote international friendship and understanding for the mutual benefit of both countries to achieve lasting peace and prosperity as it serves the common interests of both coun-tries; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 Feb 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\NOV2016\S17NO6.REC S17NO6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6476 November 17, 2016 
Whereas, there are historical precedents exemplifying the common desire to maintain a close cultural, commercial, educational, and financial bridge between ethnic Filipinos living in Hawaii with their relatives, friends, and business counterparts in the Philippines, such as the previously established sister-city relationship between the City and County of Honolulu and the City of Cebu in the Prov-ince of Cebu; and Whereas, similar state-province relation-ships exist between the State of Hawaii and the Provinces of Cebu, Ilocos Norte, Ilocos Sur, Pangasinan, and Isabela, where coopera-tion and communication have served to es-tablish exchanges in the areas of business, trade, education, agriculture and industry, tourism, disaster preparedness, beach res-toration, sports, health care, social welfare, and other fields of human endeavor; and Whereas, a similar state-province relation-ship would reinforce and cement this com-mon bridge for understanding and mutual as-sistance/between ethnic Filipinos of both the State of Hawaii and the Province of Aklan, Republic of the Philippines; and Whereas, the Province of Aklan has vast fertile land resources, fishery and fabric in-dustries, the world renowned Boracay Island, and Aklan State University; and Whereas, the major industries of the Prov-ince of Aklan are agriculture, including sug-arcane, corn, coconut, and rice; tourism; pina fabric; and materials for mats, pots, bags, fans, and de´cor; and Whereas, the Province of Aklan is emerg-ing as a technological center in the Central Philippines with its growing business process outsourcing and other technology-related in-dustries; and Whereas, the Province of Aklan is a top international tourist destination in the Re-public of the Philippines, making the prov-ince much like Hawaii: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Twenty-eighth Legislature of the State of Hawaii, Regular Session of 2016, That there is authorized and established a sister-state/ province relationship, as advised by the Ha-waii Sister-State Committee, between the State of Hawaii and the Province of Aklan, Republic of the Philippines; and be it Fur-ther Resolved, That the Governor or the Gov-ernor’s designee is requested to keep the Legislature fully informed of the process in establishing the sister-state/province rela-tionship and involved in its formalization to the extent practicable; and be it further Resolved, That the Province of Aklan be af-forded the privileges and honors that Hawaii extends to its sister-states and provinces; and be it further Resolved, That if by June 30, 2020, the sis-ter-state/province relationship with the Province of Aklan has not reached a sustain-able basis by providing mutual economic benefits through local community support, the sister- state/province relationship shall be withdrawn; and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this Reso-lution be transmitted to the President of the United States, President of the United States Senate, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Hawaii’s Congres-sional Delegation, President of the Republic of the Philippines through its Honolulu Con-sulate General, Governor and Provincial Board of the Province of Aklan, Republic of the Philippines, Governor of the State of Ha-waii, the Director of the State Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism, and the Chairperson of the Hawaii Sister-State Committee. 
POM–232. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to con-tinue to take action to prevent the United States from entering into the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty or other similar treaties; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. SENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1013 Whereas, United Nations (UN) Security Council Resolution 2117, which was adopted on September 26, 2013, ‘‘[c]alls for Member States to support weapons collection, disar-mament, demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants, as well as physical security and stockpile management programmes by United Nations peacekeeping operations where so mandated’’; and Whereas, the UN Arms Trade Treaty strives to place a global ban on the import and export of small firearms, affecting all private gun owners in the United States, and to implement an international gun registry on all private guns and ammunition; and Whereas, Senator James Inhofe introduced an amendment to the budget in 2013 that would prevent the United States from enter-ing into the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty ‘‘[t]o uphold Second Amendment rights and prevent the United States from entering into the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty,’’ which passed on a 53–46 vote. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress con-tinue to take action to prevent the United States from entering into the UN Arms Trade Treaty or other similar treaties that would interfere with the Second Amendment rights of United States citizens. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–233. A memorial adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Arizona urging the mem-bers of the United States Congress from the State of Arizona to officially recognize the persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East as genocide; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. S
ENATE MEMORIAL 1001 Whereas, Christians, Yazidis and other re-ligious minorities in the Middle East are being subjected to systematic and violent persecution at the hands of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other terrorist groups; and Whereas, these people are being murdered, kidnapped, sexually abused, tortured and victimized in other ways that violate the laws of their own nations, the international community and the United Nations Conven-tion on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (Convention); and Whereas, the victims of this brutal perse-cution are being specifically targeted based on their religious or ethnic affiliation with the intent to facilitate the annihilation or forced migration of communities with long- standing ties to their region; and Whereas, the Convention defines ‘‘geno-cide’’ as killing members of a national, eth-nic, racial or religious group, causing them serious bodily or mental harm, intentionally enforcing living conditions designed to cause the partial or total physical destruction of the group, preventing births within the group or transferring the children of the group to another group with the intent to de-stroy the group in total or in part; and Whereas, the Convention holds that geno-cide is a crime that governments are obli-gated to prevent and for which perpetrators are to be held responsible; and Whereas, the United States Commission on Religious Freedom, the Hudson Institute for Religious Freedom, the International Asso-ciation of Genocide Scholars, Pope Francis, Hillary Clinton and many other organiza-tions and religious and political leaders have called on the United States to recognize the persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East as genocide; and Whereas, the United States Congress has introduced House Concurrent Resolution 75, Senate Resolution 340 and at least five other bills designed to recognize the genocide and facilitate expedited support and aid for Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East; and Whereas, the designation of the persecu-tion of Christians and other religious minori-ties in the Middle East as genocide has real, practical policy implications and can help expedite various solutions to the crisis; and Whereas, the Members of the Senate of the State of Arizona officially recognize the per-secution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East as genocide. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, prays: 1. That each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona cosponsor legislation simi-lar to House Concurrent Resolution 75, sup-port other congressional efforts to aid vic-tims of the persecution of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East and encourage the United States government to take greater concrete action to end the genocide. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the Majority Leader of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. POM–234. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the President of the United States, the Secretary of State, and the United States Congress to secure the safe release of Robert Levinson from Iran; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2010 Whereas, it is a time-honored tradition that the United States of America strives to ensure that all United States citizens held captive overseas are returned safely to their families and loved ones; and Whereas, Robert Levinson honorably served the United States as a law enforce-ment officer in both the United States Drug Enforcement Agency and the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and Whereas, Robert Levinson was taken cap-tive on the Kish Island in Iran on March 9, 2007; and Whereas, several Americans who have been held captive in Iran were recently released, but Robert Levinson was not among them; and Whereas, it is a duty and obligation of the United States to Robert Levinson and his family to ascertain his whereabouts and se-cure his safe release. Wherefore your memorialist, the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 1. That the President of the United States, the United States Congress, the United States Secretary of State and all public offi-cials under their charge follow the policy of the United States as stated in United States Senate Concurrent Resolution 16: It is the policy of the United States that— (1) [T]he Government of the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran should immediately . . . cooperate with the United States Government to locate and return Robert Levinson: and (2) [T]he United States Government should undertake every effort using every diplo-matic tool at its disposal to secure [his] im-mediate release, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.025 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6477 November 17, 2016 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Secretary of State of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–235. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California rel-ative to women’s reproductive health; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 19 Whereas, January 22, 2016, marks the anni-versary of the United States Supreme Court’s landmark decision in Roe v. Wade, which acknowledged that every woman has a fundamental right to control her own repro-ductive decisions and decide whether to end or continue a pregnancy, and is an occasion that deserves recognition; and Whereas, The 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, making access to abortion safe and legal, has greatly improved the health of women and families; and Whereas, Roe v. Wade has been the corner-stone of women’s remarkable strides toward equality in the past four decades, and repro-ductive freedom is critical to a woman’s ability to participate fully in the social, po-litical, and economic life of the community; and Whereas, California is committed to pro-tecting the public health and welfare of all its residents, and recognizes that access to reproductive health services, including fam-ily planning and prenatal care, supports indi-viduals and their families by ensuring that babies are planned, wanted, and healthy; and Whereas, California recognizes the impor-tance of Planned Parenthood as one of Cali-fornia’s largest providers of women’s preven-tive and reproductive health care services, operating 115 community-based health cen-ters across the state, which provide more than 1.6 million patient visits a year; and Whereas, Planned Parenthood provides comprehensive health care services to women and men, which may include well- woman examinations, birth control, testing and treatment of sexually transmitted infec-tions and HIV, pregnancy tests, life-saving cancer screenings, sex education, prenatal care, primary care services, and abortion services; and Whereas, Nationwide, during 4.6 million health center visits in 2013, Planned Parent-hood provided services, including nearly 400,000 Pap smear tests, 500,000 breast exami-nations, 1.1 million pregnancy tests, 3.6 mil-lion provisions of birth control information and services, and 4.5 million tests and treat-ments for sexually transmitted illnesses (in-cluding HIV), to approximately 2.7 million patients, almost 80 percent of whom were liv-ing with incomes at or below 150 percent of the federal poverty level; and Whereas, By providing millions of women with access to contraceptive services, public funding of Planned Parenthood helps women to avoid an estimated 516,000 unplanned preg-nancies each year nationwide; and Whereas, A sudden defunding of Planned Parenthood’s health centers by federal or state governments would put patients across California, particularly members of under-served communities, at a significant dis-advantage relating to their general health care because Planned Parenthood is often the only source of health care services for so many Californians; and Whereas, Violence against abortion pro-viders and laws that create barriers to abor-tion endanger the lives of both men and women; and Whereas, Reports have found that threats of harassment, intimidation, and violence against women’s health clinics have doubled since 2010, and as recently as November 27, 2015, a Planned Parenthood clinic was the target of a heinous act of domestic terrorism which resulted in the deaths of three people and nonfatal injuries to nine others; and Whereas, The State of California stands in strong support of Roe v. Wade and the work of Planned Parenthood, and of women’s re-productive health, and respects the principle that each woman has a fundamental right to make decisions regarding her pregnancy; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature urges the President of the United States and Congress to express their support for access to comprehensive reproductive health care, including the services provided by Planned Parenthood and a woman’s fun-damental right to control her own reproduc-tive decisions, and to strongly oppose efforts to eliminate federal funding for Planned Par-enthood; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–236. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of California requesting the United States Congress to pass the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016 and that the President of the United States sign the legislation; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 86 Whereas, The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016 (the act) would make available needed psychiatric, psycho-logical, and supportive services for individ-uals with mental illness and families in men-tal health crisis; and Whereas, The act would enhance crisis re-sponse services, increase mental health workforce, promote early intervention for mental illness, and support integration of mental health, substance use, and primary care; and Whereas, Mental illness affects all seg-ments of society, and can have a devastating effect on the lives and families it touches, especially if left untreated; and Whereas, Nearly 10 million Americans have serious mental illness, but millions are going without treatment as families struggle to find care for their loved ones; and Whereas, The act has wide bipartisan sup-port and recently passed out of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce by a vote of 53–0: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate of the State of Cali-fornia, That the Senate of the State of Cali-fornia requests the Congress of the United States to pass the Helping Families in Men-tal Health Crisis Act of 2016 (H.R. 2646), and further requests President Barack Obama to sign that legislation; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the author for appropriate dis-tribution. 
POM–237. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California rel-ative to EpiPen; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 29 Whereas, Millions benefit from lifesaving drugs and devices, including Americans with allergies that can be treated by epinephrine; and Whereas, Last year, doctors wrote 3.6 mil-lion prescriptions for EpiPen, which stops al-lergic reactions by quickly and safely inject-ing epinephrine; and Whereas, In 2007 Mylan NV purchased the rights to EpiPen and immediately began raising its price. In 2008 and 2009, Mylan raised the price by 5 percent, and at the end of 2009 it raised the price by another 19 per-cent. From 2010 to 2013, Mylan imposed a se-ries of 10-percent price hikes. And from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the second quarter of 2016, Mylan raised EpiPen prices 15 per-cent every other quarter; and Whereas, A pack of two EpiPen devices now has a list price of over $600, an increase of 548 percent since Mylan began selling the drug, according to Truven Health Analytics; and Whereas, The formula of EpiPen did not change, and it is no more effective in pro-tecting against allergic reactions in 2016 than it was in 2007; and Whereas, During the same time, Mylan began an aggressive marketing and lobbying effort to increase demand for EpiPen, which included the passage of federal and state leg-islation. The United States Congress passed the School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act in 2013 to provide an incentive to states to boost the stockpile of epinephrine at schools. A number of states, including Cali-fornia, passed laws requiring public schools to have epinephrine. In 2010, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) changed its recommendations so that two EpiPen devices be sold in a package instead of one and that they be prescribed for at-risk patients, not just those with confirmed aller-gies; and Whereas, The rising cost of EpiPen has im-plications for taxpayers. Over half of Califor-nia’s children are insured through Medi-Cal, therefore the taxpayers are paying a large share of the cost of this medication; and Whereas, Mylan has an effective monopoly that it is using to maximize profit because there is no equivalent generic competitor; and Whereas, Patients who have to pay retail prices are being forced to buy EpiPen abroad, where it is cheaper, and are resorting to other devices that deliver epinephrine, in-cluding do-it-yourself syringes; and Whereas, Even some ambulance providers in California have stopped the use of EpiPen to treat allergic shock and instead are draw-ing from a vial and injecting epinephrine by syringe. First responders in Seattle have de-veloped such a kit and have sold them to public health agencies in five other states. There is a demonstration project in New York called ‘‘Check and Inject New York’’ that trains first responders to use syringe epinephrine kits in place of EpiPen to save money; and Whereas, After recent widespread criti-cism, Mylan said it would expand access and increase benefits to programs that it uses to help consumers pay less, but those changes do not alter the prices that insurers and em-ployers pay. Those institutions will still face the brunt of the impact from the price hikes; and Whereas, Offering copayment assistance and free product to consumers is part of the standard playbook for manufacturers of ex-pensive drugs. Efforts by drug makers to shield consumers from the out-of-pocket costs associated with the rapidly increasing cost of their medications ignores the fact that insurance companies bear the brunt of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.016 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6478 November 17, 2016 
these unreasonable price increases, which re-sults in higher premiums for all consumers; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Leg-islature declares unnecessary and unex-plained increases in pharmaceutical pricing is a harm to our health care system that will no longer be tolerated because the system cannot sustain it; and be it further Resolved, That the Legislature urges the United States Food and Drug Administration to reconsider its denial of approval for ge-neric alternatives to EpiPen; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to investigate the impact that Mylan’s monopoly has had on the price hikes for EpiPen; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Legislature urges the Congress and President of the United States to take action to limit the unrestrained abil-ity of drug manufacturers to increase prices based only on what the market can bear rather than on providing a fair return on in-vestment; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, to the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and to the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, and to the author for appropriate distribu-tion. 
POM–238. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California rel-ative to blood donations; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 26 Whereas, Since 1983, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), an agency under the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), had prohibited the donation of blood by any man who has had sex with another man (MSM) at any time since 1977; and Whereas, In December 2015, based on rec-ommendations from the NHS Advisory Com-mittee on Blood and Tissue Safety and Availability, the FDA promulgated revised regulations to allow an MSM to donate blood only if he has not been sexually active for the past 12 months. Despite these recent steps toward a policy change, a double stand-ard still exists under the policy as revised because it still treats gay and bisexual men differently from heterosexual men; and Whereas, California law prohibits discrimi-nation against individuals on the basis of ac-tual or perceived sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender-related appear-ance and behavior; and Whereas, Argentina, Italy, Mexico, Poland, Portugal, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, and Spain have adopted blood donor policies that measure risk against a set of behaviors, sexual and otherwise, rather than the sex of a person’s sexual partner or partners; and Whereas, The FDA currently does not allow gay and bisexual men in committed re-lationships to donate blood because, while one partner may be monogamous, that indi-vidual cannot guarantee that the other part-ner is monogamous. The FDA does not apply this same logic to heterosexual relation-ships, which in effect discriminates against gay and bisexual men; and Whereas, The FDA is in the process of again reevaluating and considering updating its blood donor deferral policies as new sci-entific information becomes available, in-cluding the feasibility of moving from the existing time-based deferrals related to risk behaviors to alternate deferral options, such as the use of individual risk assessments; and Whereas, A 12-month deferral policy for gay and bisexual men to donate blood is overly stringent given the scientific evi-dence, advanced testing methods, and the safety and quality control measures in place within the different FDA-qualified blood do-nating centers; and Whereas, The American Public Health As-sociation has stated that no specific sci-entific rationale is provided to justify the 12- month deferral policy. The technology can identify within 7 to 10 days with 99.9 percent accuracy whether or not a blood sample is HIV-positive, and the chance of the blood test being inaccurate within the 10-day win-dow is about 1 in 2,000,000; and Whereas, The General Social Survey con-ducted by NORC at the University of Chicago estimates that 8.5 percent of men in the United States have had at least one male sex partner since 18 years of age, 4.1 percent of men report at least one male sex partner in the last 5 years, and 3.8 percent report a male sex partner in the last 12 months; and Whereas, An estimated 45.4 percent of men (54 million) in the United States are eligible to donate blood, but only 8.7 percent of eligi-ble men actually do. There are 15.7 million donations of blood per year made by 9.2 mil-lion donors, yielding approximately 1.7 dona-tions per donor; and Whereas, The Williams Institute of the University of California at Los Angeles School of Law estimates that, based on the population of eligible and likely donors among the MSM community, lifting the fed-eral lifetime deferral policy on blood dona-tion by an MSM would result in 4.2 million newly eligible male donors, of which 360,600 would likely donate, generating 615,300 addi-tional pints of blood. Applying national esti-mates to the California population, the Insti-tute further estimates that lifting the ban on MSM blood donations would add an addi-tional 510,000 eligible men to the current blood donor pool, of which 43,917 would likely donate, resulting in an additional 74,945 do-nated pints in California; and Whereas, One hundred fifteen members of the Congress of the United States sent a let-ter to the FDA Commissioner, Dr. Robert M. Califf, M.D., urging him to finally put an end to this outdated blood donation policy and update it to reflect science, not fear; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assrmbly of the State of California, jointly, That the Cali-fornia State Legislature calls upon the President of the United States to encourage the Secretary of the United States Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to adopt policies to repeal the current discriminatory donor suitability policies of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding blood donations by men who have had sex with another man and, instead, di-rect the FDA to develop science-based poli-cies such as criteria based on risky behavior in lieu of sexual orientation; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, to the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–239. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to protest and take action to fully restore the Tucson Postal Processing and Distribution Center; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. SENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1009 Whereas, the Tucson Postal Processing and Distribution Center (Cherrybell) serves the entire southern portion of Arizona covering the counties of Pima, Santa Cruz and Cochise. Currently, Southern Arizona is fac-ing a potential economic downfall due to the initial decision made by the United States Postal Service (USPS) Board of Governors to close Cherrybell; and Whereas, more than 1.8 million people and 23,197 businesses use the Cherrybell postal services. According to USPS officials, over 3 million pieces of mail go through Cherrybell each day as it is the 15th largest facility serving the 33rd largest population area in our nation. The processing and sorting oper-ations at Cherrybell that are proposed to be moved to Phoenix affect approximately 280 jobs in Southern Arizona; and Whereas, Southern Arizona, which includes both the Tohono O’odham nation and Pasqua Yaqui tribal lands, encompasses the Cali-fornia and Arizona border at Yuma south to Nogales, across to Douglas and Bisbee in Cochise County and the military installa-tions located at Fort Huachuca and Davis Monthan, depends on the Cherrybell Post of-fice; and Whereas, Southern Arizona is home to many military veterans who depend on the USPS both for timely delivery of medical prescriptions and for employment, as the USPS employs more veterans than any enti-ty other than the United States Department of Defense; and Whereas, in an extensive community sur-vey conducted in 2015, 84% of individuals and 86% of businesses reported a noticeable delay in mail delivery due to the partial closure of Cherrybell; and Whereas, Tucson City Council Member Richard Fimbres went on record opposing the closure of Cherrybell and requested that the Council work directly with Tucson’s con-gressional delegation and community mem-bers to frame a campaign to protect the vital jobs at Cherrybell; and Whereas, Pima County Recorder F. Ann Rodriguez objects to the closure of Cherrybell and firmly believes that, due to the higher number of voters each year on the permanent early voting list, this change will clearly impact the activities of the state and county elections officials in Arizona and will cause a detrimental impact to voters. The information provided to the public by the USPS is based entirely on economic consid-erations with no apparent regard for the im-pact of the change on the fundamental right of all citizens to vote and, in particular, the significant additional detrimental impact to Native American voters in the region; and Whereas, the people of Arizona applaud the efforts of United States Representative Mar-tha McSally and the other members of the Arizona Congressional Delegation, including Representatives Trent Franks, Ann Kirk-patrick, Matt Salmon, Paul Gosar, Ruben Gallego, Kyrsten Sinema and Raul Grijalva, who have asked for more detailed and com-plete information regarding the proposal Cherrybell closure; and Whereas, thousands of people have written letters and signed online petitions urging the USPS Board of Governors not to close Cherrybell. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the Congress of the United States protest the proposed closing of the Tucson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.031 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6479 November 17, 2016 
Postal Processing and Distribution Center and take any action necessary to fully re-store operations of this vital postal facility. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–240. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to act to increase the number of United States Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel at the ports of entry in Arizona; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1006 Whereas, the United States Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is one of the world’s largest law enforcement organizations and is charged with keeping terrorists and their weapons out of the United States while fa-cilitating lawful international travel and trade; and Whereas, as the world’s first full-service border entity, CBP takes a comprehensive approach to border management and control, combining customs, immigration, border se-curity and agricultural protection into one coordinated and supportive activity; and Whereas, the need to increase the number of CBP personnel in the Tucson sector along the border between the United States and Mexico is critical to increasing border safety and security as well as to ensuring economic stability in our border communities; and Whereas, increasing the number of CBP personnel who work at the ports of entry in Arizona will enhance the economic stability in our border communities and will increase border security between the United States and Mexico; and Whereas, an integrated approach to secur-ing the border and increasing economic sta-bility along the border and in our border communities is important to residents living along the border and in our border commu-nities; and Whereas, increasing the number of CBP personnel at the ports of entry in Arizona will allow increased commercial traffic and will result in increased economic growth and stability for Arizona; and Whereas, all of the benefits of increased economic stability in Arizona can be realized if the workload capacity at each port of entry is increased, which would result in less congestion and delay; and Whereas, increasing the number of CBP personnel at the ports of entry in Arizona should be part of the infrastructure improve-ments that are occurring at the ports of entry; and Whereas, the establishment of a safe and secure border is a crucial component of na-tional security. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That, in order to secure the border be-tween the United States and Mexico, to en-hance the safety and security of people and their property in the currently unsecure re-gions of the border and to increase economic growth and stability for the residents of Ari-zona, the United States Congress act to in-crease the number of CBP personnel at the ports of entry in Arizona. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–241. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to appropriate $248 million in funding to complete Phase 2 of the Calexico West Land Port of Entry re-configuration and expansion project in order to realize the benefits the improvements of this project will have on the nation’s econ-omy; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 22 Whereas, The inclusion of $248 million in funding for Phase 2 of the Calexico West Land Port of Entry reconfiguration and ex-pansion project in the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill is proposed by the President’s Fiscal Year 2017 Budget; and Whereas, This funding will ensure comple-tion of the project, which will improve do-mestic supply chains, strengthen our na-tional security, reduce the port’s carbon footprint, and facilitate economic growth, not only for the County of Imperial and for California, but for the entire nation; and Whereas, The Obama Administration’s 2015 budget included a $98,062,000 investment in Calexico West Land Port of Entry Phase 1. This first phase of the expansion project is currently underway and is expected to be completed in 2018. Phase 2 will consist of the balance of the project, including additional sitework, an expanded pedestrian processing facility, administrative offices, and six addi-tional northbound privately owned vehicle inspection lanes; and Whereas, The completion of this project guarantees the economic activity of the bor-der will not be lost. On an average day, more than 15,000 to 20,000 privately operated vehi-cles and nearly 20,000 pedestrians enter the United States through the Calexico Land Port of Entry; and Whereas, The United States’ goods and pri-vate services trade with Mexico totaled an estimated $583.6 billion in 2015, with exports totaling $267.2 billion and imports totaling $316.4 billion; and Whereas, Mexico is currently our second largest goods trading partner with almost $72 billion in two-way trade of goods during 2015, with goods exports that totaled $26.8 billion and goods imports that totaled $45 billion; and Whereas, Ninety-nine percent of trade be-tween California and Mexico is carried by trucks, and the Calexico East Port of Entry serves nearly all of the international truck traffic crossings in the County of Imperial, with a total trade value of over $12 billion in 2012; and Whereas, The San Diego Association of Governments 2050 Comprehensive Freight Gateway Study projects that the nearly two million trucks that crossed the California- Mexico border in 2007 will increase to nearly five million trucks in 2050; and Whereas, Traffic congestion and delays at the borders of the Counties of San Diego and Imperial cost the economies of the United States and Mexico an estimated $8.63 billion in gross output and more than 73,900 jobs in 2007; and Whereas, The collaboration between fed-eral, state, and local agencies is essential for the development of border infrastructure projects and security; and Whereas, The United States General Ac-countability Office and the United States Department of Homeland Security estimate that $6 billion in border infrastructure is needed to fulfill their mission of preventing unlawful entry and smuggling while facili-tating legitimate trade and tourism: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the legis-lature of the State of California respectfully urges Congress to appropriate $248 million in funding to complete Phase 2 of the Calexico West Land Port of Entry reconfiguration and expansion project in order to realize the ben-efits the improvements of this project will have on the nation’s economy; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–242. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact the Dine´College Act of 2015; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1017 Whereas, this state and the Navajo Nation maintain a government-to-government rela-tionship, and the Navajo people residing in this state are citizens of both Arizona and the Navajo Nation; and Whereas, in 1968, the Navajo Nation estab-lished Navajo Community College, which later became Dine´College, to provide access to higher education to the Navajo people; and Whereas, Dine´College’s flagship campus is located in Tsaile, Arizona, and there are community campuses in Tuba City, Chinle and Window Rock; and Whereas, Dine´College has dual credit agreements with school districts and schools throughout Arizona, including Red Mesa Unified School District #27, Chinle Unified School District #24, Ganado Unified School District, St. Michaels High School, Window Rock Unified School District #8, Many Farms High School, Kayenta Unified School District, Pin˜on Unified School District #4, Greyhills Academy High School, Tuba City High School, Leupp Schools, Inc. and Phoe-nix Union High School District; and Whereas, this state provides support to Dine´College through its Navajo Nation, Dine´College-State of Arizona funding com-pact, the tribal college dual credit funding program and Proposition 301 monies; and Whereas, the United States Congress passed the Navajo Community College Act, the Navajo Community College Assistance Act of 1978 and the Navajo Nation Higher Education Act of 2008, which collectively provide for maintenance, operation and con-struction funding for Dine´College; and Whereas, Representative Ann Kirkpatrick introduced the Dine´College Act of 2015 ‘‘to fulfill the United States Government’s trust responsibility to serve the higher education needs of the Navajo people and to clarify, unify, and modernize prior Dine´College leg- islation,’’ and Dine´College has requested that Senator Jeff Flake introduce a United States Senate companion bill; and Whereas, this state stands in support of the passage of the Dine´College Act of 2015. Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the Congress of the United States enact the Dine´College Act of 2015. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the Governor of the State of Arizona, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–243. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the federal government to ensure that immi-grant children are afforded due process under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.028 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6480 November 17, 2016 
the law in removal proceedings by providing government-funded attorneys, trained in im-migration law, to all indigent children seek-ing an immigration remedy and urging the federal government to first hear cases in-volving children that have legal counsel and to immediately halt cases brought against unrepresented immigrant children until law-yers are made available to represent them; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 28 Whereas, The Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution provides that a person shall not be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, thereby ensuring that he or she will receive a fundamentally fair, orderly, and just judi-cial proceeding before being deprived of his or her freedom; and Whereas, Former Assistant Chief Immigra-tion Judge Jack H. Weil, a senior official in the United States Department of Justice; as-serted in a deposition that he has trained toddlers in immigration law and can afford them a fair hearing without the toddler being represented by legal counsel; and Whereas, The assertion made by Judge Weil is contemptible and offensive to our country’s Fifth Amendment constitutional mandate to provide all with due process under the law; and Whereas, Due process cannot be guaran-teed in an adversarial immigration removal proceeding without legal representation; and Whereas, Article 14 of the Universal Dec-laration of Human Rights, adopted in 1948, states that ‘‘Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.’’ Accordingly, children escaping from violence in other countries, whether unaccompanied or accompanied by a parent, are not ‘‘illegal’’ when they come to the United States in search of asylum; and Whereas, The protections of Article 14 have been incorporated by the United States Con-gress into domestic law, which now protects all asylum seekers, including children, by prohibiting the federal government from re-turning to their home countries persons who have fled persecution due to race, religion, nationality, political opinion, or member-ship in a particular social group; and Whereas, It is our nation’s legal and moral obligation to open our arms to children who fear harm in their country of origin and to foreign-born children in the United States who cannot be reunified with one or both parents due to abuse, neglect, or abandon-ment and who are therefore eligible for Spe-cial Immigrant Juvenile Status or any other immigration remedy; and Whereas, Respect for due process requires that all indigent children seeking asylum, Special Immigrant Juvenile Status, or other immigration remedies in defense of deporta-tion be afforded government-funded com-petent immigrant counsel; and Whereas, According to a study by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse, the foremost authority on federal immigra-tion enforcement data, unrepresented chil-dren were ordered to leave the United States in 86 percent of cases, whereas represented children were ordered to leave the United States in only 16 percent of cases; and Whereas, As demonstrated by the same study, the provision of legal representation would improve the integrity of the immigra-tion court system, because children without legal representation fail to appear in court and therefore are ordered removed in absentia in 75 percent of cases. By compari-son, children with legal representation do consistently appear in court and are there-fore ordered removed in absentia in only 3 percent of cases; and Whereas, The federal government is deny-ing indigent immigrant children in Cali-fornia their rights to a fair trial under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Con-stitution because the federal government does not provide these children with legal representation in immigration court. These children therefore face the threat of deporta-tion to violent and dangerous conditions where they may face persecution, violence, or even death; and Whereas, Human Rights Watch filed an amicus brief in the case of J.E.F.M. v Lynch, a nationwide lawsuit on behalf of thousands of children who are challenging the federal government’s failure to provide the children with legal representation in deportation hearings, arguing that the failure of the United States government to appoint law-yers to represent immigrant children facing deportation violates their basic rights under international law; and Whereas, The California Attorney General has engaged in efforts to close the legal serv-ices gap for unaccompanied immigrant chil-dren across California and joined an amicus brief in J.E.F.M. v. Lynch. Whereas, Since January 2014, at least 83 de-portees, including children, from the United States, were reported murdered upon their return to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Sal-vador, which remain three of the most vio-lent countries in the world; and Whereas, There are currently over 13,800 children in California that are not rep-resented by legal counsel in immigration court; and Whereas, California has a duty to protect the welfare of children within our state, in-cluding immigrant children; and Whereas, California values immigrant chil-dren and has made this clear through legisla-tive enactments, including Assembly Bill 540 (2001), Assembly Bills 130 and 131 (2011); com-monly referred to as the California Dream Act, Senate Bill 1064 (2012), Senate Bill 873 (2014); commonly referred to as the Unac-companied Minors Program, Senate Bill 1210 (2014), commonly referred to as the Cali-fornia DREAM Loan Program, and Senate Bills 4 and 75 (2015), commonly referred to as the Health4All Kids Act; and Whereas, Special Immigrant Juvenile Sta-tus under Section 1101(a)(27)(J) of Title 8 of the United States Code is immigration relief that relies on a state’s interest in the wel-fare of children and provides for Special Im-migrant Juvenile Status where a state court determines that reunification with one or both of the immigrant’s parents is not viable due to abuse, neglect, abandonment, or simi-lar basis found under state law and that it would not be in the child’s best interest to return to his or her home country; and Whereas, California makes an annual $3 million investment to ensure that unaccom-panied minors receive the legal representa-tion that they need to pursue Special Immi-grant Juvenile Status and other immigra-tion relief; and Whereas, California passed Senate Bill 873 (2014) and Assembly Bill 900 (2015) to ensure that California courts issue the predicate or-ders necessary for children to apply for Spe-cial Immigrant Juvenile Status; and Whereas, California is disadvantaged when California’s children are denied their rights under the United States Constitution, in-cluding their right to due process; and Whereas, California has a strong interest in ensuring that the children living in this state are not unfairly deported. Schools are disrupted when children are pulled from classes, communities are thrown into dis-order when families are torn apart, the health and welfare of these children are put at risk; and the state is denied the potential societal and economic contributions of these children: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature of the State of California urges the federal government to take action to remedy this injury to the State of California, through appropriate measures within the United States Department of Justice, the United States Department of Homeland Se-curity, and the Office of Refugee Resettle-ment, and ensure that immigrant children are afforded due process under the law when they are fighting to remain in the United States of America, by providing government- funded attorneys, trained in immigration law, to all indigent children fighting depor-tation and seeking an immigration remedy; and be it further Resolved, That the Legislature of the State of California urges the federal government to rearrange its dockets to first hear the cases of children who have legal representation and to immediately halt cases it is pursuing against unrepresented immigrant children until lawyers are made available to rep-resent them; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the author for appropriate dis-tribution. 
POM–244. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to reimburse the state of Louisiana for state-expended dollars used to comply with federal mandates related to illegal im-migration including but not limited to edu-cation, medical care, welfare, and law en-forcement services; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 219 Whereas, pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution of the United States, the federal government has the au-thority to regulate immigration; and Whereas, the federal government has forced states to comply with federal man-dates that require states to provide various essential services to illegal immigrants in-cluding but not limited to education, med-ical care, welfare, and law enforcement, with little to no reimbursement of state-expended costs; and Whereas, the federal government histori-cally has failed to adequately control the in-flux of undocumented immigrants into this country; and Whereas, the failure of the federal govern-ment to adequately control the borders, in addition to the imposition of huge mandated but unreimbursed costs to the state of Lou-isiana, has led to blatant inequities in terms of exploitation of undocumented laborers and abuse of wage, safety, and child labor laws, as well as lowering wage levels for Lou-isiana’s working poor; and Whereas, the state of Louisiana has been severely affected by the impact of state budgetary cutbacks; and Whereas, the costs incurred by the state of Louisiana in addressing illegal immigration are increasing and continuing to burden the limited resources of the state; and Whereas, the Louisiana Legislature cre-ated the Task Force on Illegal Immigration (task force) by House Resolution No. 175 of the 2015 Regular Session of the Legislature to study and report the fiscal, medical, nu-tritional, educational, judicial, criminal, penal, and economic impact of federal man-dates on the state of Louisiana relative to il-legal immigration; and Whereas, the purpose of the task force was to provide useful and critical information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.034 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6481 November 17, 2016 
and statistical data to guide the efforts of Louisiana’s private and public sectors in ad-dressing the concerns of Louisiana residents regarding illegal immigration; and Whereas, during the task force meeting held on October 22, 2015, task force members were presented with statistical data and in-formation on the fiscal impact on the state of Louisiana associated with providing essen-tial services to undocumented immigrants. Estimated dollar amounts were provided by the following state agencies: (1) The Department of Public Safety and Corrections presented information on the impact of incarcerating illegal immigrants in Louisiana state correctional institutions including incarceration and probation and parole costs. The estimated cost to the state of Louisiana is approximately three million two hundred ninety thousand dollars ($3,290,000) annually out of the state general fund. (2) The Department of Education presented information on the impact on the Louisiana school system relative to the enrollment of non-United States citizens and data on the number of English Language Learners (ELL) for Louisiana public and charter schools for K–12. The estimated cost to the state of Lou-isiana for one public school district is ap-proximately three million dollars ($3,000,000) annually. (3) The Department of Health and Hos-pitals presented information regarding feder-ally mandated Medicaid services for undocu-mented workers including Medicaid eligi-bility requirements for unborn children and the costs attributed to illegal immigration on Louisiana’s medical systems as a whole. The estimated cost to the state of Louisiana is approximately sixteen million one hun-dred thousand dollars ($16,100,000) annually, assisting nearly five thousand (5,000) individ-uals with unverified immigration status. (4) The Department of Children and Family Services presented information on the eligi-bility of non-United States citizens for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF). Based on testimony, public assistance was provided to a popu-lation of five thousand three hundred ninety- nine (5,399) non-United States citizens through Louisiana’s SNAP program with a total cost to 1 the state of Louisiana of fifty- five million dollars ($55,000,000) in adminis-trative costs, with an undetermined amount attributed to illegal immigrants. Whereas, the state of Louisiana in conjunc-tion with local governments expends ap-proximately nine thousand dollars ($9,000) to educate each student in Louisiana every year; and Whereas, federal limitations on the disclo-sure of immigration status of public school children hinders the determination of the fi-nancial impact of illegal immigration on the Louisiana public school system as a whole; and Whereas, the annual costs associated with illegal immigration have burdened the state of Louisiana and its residents with expenses for law enforcement, healthcare, education, incarceration, and other essential services, and such costs have gone uncompensated by the federal government; and Whereas, the costs associated with pro-viding services to illegal immigrants should never be borne by the state of Louisiana be-cause federal law controls the enforcement of illegal immigration; and Whereas, the United States government should take immediate action to reimburse the state of Louisiana for estimated expenses that the state incurs annually as a result of the federal government’s policies and man-dates related to illegal immigration. There-fore, be it Resolved That the House of Representatives of the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to reim-burse the state of Louisiana for the state dollars expended annually to provide essen-tial services including but not limited to the education, welfare, medical care, law en-forcement, and incarceration of illegal immi-grants; and be it further Resolved That the house of representatives of the legislature of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the United States Congress to remove any impediments with respect to dis-closure of immigration status of public school children such that the financial im-pact of illegal immigration on the public school system in this state can be accurately determined; and be it further Resolved That a copy of this Resolution be transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member o tie Louisiana congres-sional delegation. 
POM–245. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress and the Presi-dent of the United States to rename any fed-eral buildings, parks, roadways, or other fed-erally owned property that bear the names of elected or military leaders of the Confed-erate States of America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 15 Whereas, The Confederate States of Amer-ica and its secessionist movement were root-ed in the defense of slavery; and Whereas, Using the names of elected or military leaders of the Confederate States of America for federal buildings, parks, road-ways, or other federally owned property only deepens the pain of those living under the legacy of slavery; and Whereas, The United States of America continues to struggle with racial equality and tolerance; and Whereas, The continued use of names of elected or military leaders of the Confed-eracy in public places is offensive to Ameri-cans who treasure the United States as one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all; and Whereas, The horrific shooting deaths of nine African Americans attending church in South Carolina have once again raised the searing issue of racial violence and intoler-ance; and Whereas, The ensuing images of the killer wrapping himself in the Confederate flag points to the continued use of that emblem of cruel oppression as a way to further de-mean, offend, and wound whole segments of our society; and Whereas, The use of Confederate leaders’ names in public schools, buildings, parks, roadways, or other federally owned property in California only serves to further the dis-criminatory agenda of current sympathizers of the ideology of the Confederate States of America, and is antithetical to California’s mission of racial equality and tolerance; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-lature respectfully urges the Congress and the President of the United States to rename any federal buildings, parks, roadways, or other federally owned property that bear the names of elected or military leaders of the Confederate States of America; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States. POM–246. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to lift an exist-ing prohibition against publicly funded sci-entific research on the causes of gun violence and its effects on public health, and to ap-propriate funds for the purpose of conducting that research; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 20 Whereas, Every day, gun violence destroys lives, families, and communities; and Whereas, From 2002 to 2013, inclusive, Cali-fornia lost 38,576 individuals to gun violence, of which 2,258 were children; and Whereas, In 2013 alone, guns were used to kill 2,900 Californians, including 251 children and teenagers, and hospitalized another 6,035 Californians for nonfatal gunshot wounds, including 1,275 children and teenagers; and Whereas, There were over 350 recorded mass shootings in the United States in 2015; and Whereas, Since 1996, Congress has adopted annual policy riders, known as the ‘‘Dickey Amendment’’ and ‘‘Rehberg Amendment’’ that effectively prohibit the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and other agencies under the federal Depart-ment of Health and Human Services from conducting publicly funded scientific re-search on the causes of gun violence or its ef-fects on public health; and Whereas, The author of the original Dickey Amendment, former Representative Jay Dickey (R–AR), has stated repeatedly that he regrets offering the amendment and thinks it should be repealed; and Whereas, Despite Representative Dickey’s comments and President Obama’s executive action in 2013 directing the CDC to resume gun violence research, Congress has provided no funding, and the restrictive language re-mains in place; and Whereas, Since 1996, the federal govern-ment has spent $240 million per year on traf-fic safety research, which has saved 360,000 lives since 1970; and Whereas, During the same period there has been almost no publicly funded research on gun violence, which kills the same number of people every year; and Whereas, Recently, 110 Members of the Congress of the United States signed a letter urging the leadership of the House of Rep-resentatives to end the longstanding ban on federal funding for gun violence research, and over 2,000 doctors in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia did the same; and Whereas, Although Members of Congress may disagree about how best to respond to the problem of gun violence, we should be able to agree that a response should be in-formed by sound scientific evidence; and Whereas, Whether it is horrific headline- generating massacres or unseen violence that occurs every day—the innocent child gunned down in crossfire, the mother mur-dered during a domestic dispute, or the young life cut tragically short during the heat of a petty argument—the call to action is now clear; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and the Assembly of the State of California, jointly, That a com-prehensive evidence-based federal approach to reducing and preventing gun violence is needed to ensure that our communities are safe from gun violence; and be it further Resolved, That federal research is crucial to saving lives, having driven policy to save lives from motor vehicle accidents, sudden infant death syndrome, lead poisoning, and countless other public health crises; and be it further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.036 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6482 November 17, 2016 
Resolved That the Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to promptly lift the prohibition against publicly funded scientific research on the causes of gun vio-lence and its effects on public health, and to appropriate funds to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other relevant agencies under the federal Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to con-duct that research; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representative from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the author for appropriate dis-tribution. 
POM–247. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to direct the American Legion to expand its member-ship eligibility; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2009 Whereas, according to the American Le-gion, the organization was chartered and in-corporated by Congress in 1919 as a patriotic veterans organization devoted to mutual helpfulness. As the nation’s largest wartime veterans service organization, the American Legion is committed to mentoring youth and sponsoring wholesome programs in our com-munities, advocating patriotism and honor, promoting strong national security and pro-viding support to fellow servicemembers and veterans; and Whereas, the American Legion limits membership eligibility to those who have served federal active duty in the United States Armed Forces during the World War I era, World War II era, Korean War era, Viet-nam War era, Lebanon/Grenada era, Panama era or Persian Gulf War era and who have been honorably discharged or are still serv-ing; and Whereas, all honorably discharged military veterans deserve the opportunity to partici-pate in the American Legion. Wherefore your memorialist, the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress direct the American Legion to expand its member-ship eligibility to include all honorably dis-charged military veterans. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–248. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to direct the appropriate federal agencies to secure the borders of the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1012 Whereas, the United States is in the midst of a border crisis; and Whereas, the sheriffs serving along the bor-ders of the United States are in the epicenter of this crisis; and Whereas, the porous borders of the United States have resulted in the smuggling of con-traband and illegal drugs, the exploitation of human beings and the infiltration of subver-sives bent on doing harm to this country; and Whereas, federal law mandates border se-curity; and Whereas, the quality of life normally en-joyed by the citizens of the United States is being jeopardized by an unsecure border, which enables transnational criminals and their accomplices to prey on the citizens of the United States; and Whereas, border security must be a stand- alone priority for the federal government; and Whereas, violence against public officials, law enforcement and rival drug and human trafficking groups in Mexico continues to es-calate and cross international boundaries; and Whereas, the reduction of the federal gov-ernment’s prosecution of the criminal ele-ment places the citizens of the United States in harm’s way, leaving the burden on local governments to bear the costs associated with the apprehension, prosecution and in-carceration of this criminal element; and Whereas, elected sheriffs have a statutory duty to protect and secure the freedoms and liberties of United States citizens and must do so with or without the help of their fed-eral law enforcement partners and policy-makers; and Whereas, working with limited budgets and staffing, sheriffs along the southwestern bor-der of the United States and sheriffs across the nation struggle to find ways to enhance the quality of life and safety of those they serve and to deter those who cross our bor-ders to promote their criminal activities; and Whereas, local governments are cognizant of the need to bring relief to United States citizens who are impacted by the lack of bor-der security; and Whereas, without aggressive prosecution of all of those who breach the border and com-mit criminal acts, the border will continue to serve as an open opportunity for the criminal element to exploit by entering the United States to prey on this country and its citizens. Wherefore, Your memorialist, the Senate of the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress direct the appropriate federal agencies to do the following: (a) Fully secure all of the borders of the United States, (b) Fully reimburse sheriffs for the costs associated with the housing of illegal aliens who are being charged with state crimes. (c) Return to the original guidelines as set forth in Operation Streamline for the pros-ecution of persons crossing the United States border illegally. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the President of the United States Senate and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. POM–249. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the State of Colorado concerning re-storing the presumption of service connec-tion for Agent Orange exposure for United States Vietnam veterans through the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Veterans’’ Affairs. S
ENATE RESOLUTION 16–002 Whereas, During the Vietnam War, the United States military sprayed approxi-mately 22 million gallons of Agent Orange and other herbicides over the Republic of Vietnam to reduce forest cover and crops used by the enemy; and Whereas, These herbicides contained dioxin, which has since been identified as carcinogenic and has been linked to a num-ber of serious and disabling illnesses affect-ing thousands of veterans; and Whereas, The United States Congress passed the federal ‘‘Agent Orange Act of 1991’’ to address the plight of veterans ex-posed to herbicides while serving in the Re-public of Vietnam, which amended Title 38 of the United States Code to presumptively rec-ognize as service-connected certain diseases among military personnel who served in Vietnam between 1962 and 1975; and Whereas, Presumptive status provides ex-pedited claims processing for access to ap-propriate disability compensation and med-ical care for Vietnam veterans diagnosed with such illnesses as Type II diabetes, Hodg-kin’s disease, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, prostate cancer, Parkinson’s Disease, mul-tiple myeloma, peripheral neuropathy, AL amyloidosis, respiratory cancers, soft tissue carcinomas, and other diseases yet to be identified; and Whereas, The United States Department of Veterans Affairs Claims Adjudication Man-ual, more commonly known as the M21–1 Manual, originally allowed the presumption to be extended to all veterans who had re-ceived the Vietnam Service Medal; and Whereas, In a February 2002 revision to the M21–1 Manual, the United States Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (VA) added a re-quirement that the veteran prove that he or she had set foot on the land or entered an in-ternal river or stream, which means that since 2002 the VA has denied the presumption of a service connection for herbicide-related illnesses to Vietnam veterans who served in the waters off of the Vietnamese coast or in bays and harbors and who cannot furnish documentation that they had ‘‘boots on the ground’’ in-country, making it virtually im-possible for countless United States Navy and Marine veterans to acquire VA benefits; and Whereas, Personnel who served on ships in the ‘‘Blue Water Navy’’ in. Vietnamese terri-torial waters were, in fact, exposed to dan-gerous airborne and waterborne toxins that did not merely drift offshore in the air, but also washed into streams and rivers draining into the South China Sea; and Whereas, Warships positioned off the Viet-namese shore routinely distilled seawater to obtain potable water, and a 2002 Australian study found that the distillation process, rather than removing toxins, concentrated and enhanced dioxin in water used for drink-ing, cooking, and washing; and Whereas, This study was conducted by the Australian Department of Veterans’ Affairs after it found Vietnam veterans of the Royal Australian Navy had a higher rate of mor-tality from Agent Orange-associated diseases than did Vietnam veterans from other branches of the military, and when the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention studied specific cancers among Vietnam veterans, it, too, found a higher incidence of certain cancers among United States Navy veterans; and Whereas, Additional studies, including those conducted by the Institute of Medi-cine, show plausible pathways for Agent Or-ange to have entered the South China Sea via contaminated dirt and debris from rivers and streams; and Whereas, The 2009 ‘‘Institute of Medicine (US) Committee to Review the Health Ef-fects in Vietnam Veterans of Exposure to Herbicides (Seventh Biennial Update)’’ rec-ommended that veterans who served on ships off the coast of the Republic of Vietnam not be excluded from the presumption of expo-sure; and Whereas, Herbicides containing TCDD/ dioxin did not discriminate between soldiers on the ground and sailors on ships offshore; and Whereas, House Resolution 969 and iden-tical companion bill Senate 681, the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2015’’, were introduced, respectively, in the U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.037 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6483 November 17, 2016 
House of Representatives on March 6, 2015, by Representative Christopher Gibson, and on March 19, 2015, by Senator Kirsten Gilli-brand in the U.S. Senate; and Whereas, More than 30 national veterans service organizations support the Congres-sional House and Senate legislation entitled ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2015’’; and Whereas, Various agencies of the federal government have recently demonstrated awareness of the hazards of Agent Orange ex-posure through participation and funding of the identification, containment, and mitiga-tion of dioxin ‘‘hot spots’’ in Vietnam; and Whereas, The United States Congress should reaffirm the nation’s commitment to the well-being of all of its veterans by direct-ing the United States Department of Vet-erans Affairs to properly administer the fed-eral ‘‘Agent Orange Act of 1991’’ and by pass-ing House Resolution 969 and identical com-panion bill Senate 681, the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2015’’, under the presumption that herbicide exposure in the Republic of Vietnam includes service on the offshore waters; now, therefore, Be It Resolved by the Senate of the Seventieth General Assembly of the State of Colorado: That we, the members of the Senate of the Colorado General Assembly, hereby respect-fully encourage the United States Congress to restore the presumption of service connec-tion for Agent Orange exposure to United States veterans who served on the waters off the coast of the Republic of Vietnam; and Be It Further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be sent to President Barack Obama; Vice President and President of the Senate Joe Biden; Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan; Chairman of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs in the House of Representa-tives; Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs; Chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs; and to each member of the Colorado Congressional dele-gation. 
POM–250. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Hawaii urging the United States Congress to amend federal law to allow funds for the burial of qualified Filipino-American veterans in na-tional and state veterans cemeteries to cover the costs of transporting the remains of Fili-pino-American veterans of World War II to the Philippines and for funeral and burial services in the Philippines; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 23 Whereas, during World War II, the Phil-ippines was a Commonwealth of the United States, and, for four years, nearly 100,000 sol-diers of the Philippine Commonwealth Army fought alongside the United States and Al-lied forces to defend and reclaim the Phil-ippine Islands from foreign aggression; and Whereas, these valiant Filipino soldiers fought, suffered, and died in some of the bloodiest battles of World War II, defending beleaguered Bataan and Corregidor, and thousands of them became prisoners of war, enduring the infamous Bataan Death March and years of captivity; and Whereas, the sacrifices of these Filipino soldiers played a vital role in the Allied vic-tory in the Pacific as their numerous guer-rilla actions provided United States forces with time to build and prepare for the Allied counterattack; and Whereas, these Filipino soldiers fought side-by-side with United States forces to se-cure their island nation as the strategic base from which the final effort by Allied forces to bring an end to World War II was launched; and Whereas, the United States promised these Filipino soldiers pay and benefits for their military service under the United States Armed Forces and for their oath of alle-giance to the Constitution of the United States; however, soon after the war ended, legislation was passed that wrongfully took away the benefits and recognition they had earned; and Whereas, because these World War II vet-erans had suffered a great wrong, and recog-nizing that for those with family in the Phil-ippines the return of their remains to the Philippines is a profound and fervent wish, the Legislature in 2003 enacted Act 101, Ses-sion Laws of Hawaii 2003, requiring the Office of Veterans’ Services to pay up to $2,500 for the transport of their remains to the Phil-ippines and funeral and burial services in the Philippines; and Whereas, funding, however, has not been provided to fulfill this statutory require-ment; and Whereas, in the early 2000s, the United States also enacted legislation requiring the Veterans Administration to pay the full cost of burials at national and state veterans cemeteries to the survivors of these World War II veterans; however, this legislation failed to address coverage of the costs of transport to and services in the Philippines to be with their loved ones; and Whereas, though many years have tran-spired since World War II, the words of United States President Harry S. Truman in 1946 remain the honest truth: ‘‘I consider it a moral obligation of the United States to look after the welfare of Philippine Army veterans.’’; and Whereas, for the small number of World War II Filipino-American veterans who are still living, this moral obligation of the United States should extend to fulfilling their wish for a resting place in the Phil-ippines among their loved ones, for this is an entitlement that they have clearly sacrificed for and earned; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, By the House of Representatives of the Twenty-eighth Legislature of the State of Hawaii, Regular Session of 2016, the Senate concurring, that Congress is urged to amend federal law to allow funds for the bur-ial of qualified Filipino-American veterans in national and state cemeteries to cover the costs of transporting the remains of eligible Filipino-American veterans of World War II to the Philippines and for funeral and burial services in the Philippines; and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this Con-current Resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, President of the United States Senate, Ha-waii’s Congressional delegation, and the Di-rector of the Office of Veterans’ Services. 
POM–251. A concurrent memorial adopted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to adopt legislation similar to the Toxic Exposure Re-search Act of 2015; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2006 Whereas, thousands of veterans have been exposed to Agent Orange and other chemical agents during the course of their service to the United States; and Whereas, today, many of the children and grandchildren of veterans are suffering seri-ous health issues that are related to the vet-erans’ exposure to chemical agents; and Whereas, the people of the United States owe it to their veterans to better understand the impacts of these exposures in order to guarantee that the children and grand-children of veterans receive appropriate treatment; and Whereas, the full effects of exposure to dangerous chemicals such as Agent Orange is still unknown, and a national research cen-ter is needed to further study the impact these exposures have on veterans, their chil-dren and their grandchildren; and Whereas, the Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015 is a critical step in protecting the vet-erans of the United States. Wherefore your memorialist, the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 1. That the United States Congress adopt legislation similar to H.R. 1769 and S. 901, the Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015, that would establish in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the de-scendants of veterans exposed to toxic sub-stances during service in the armed forces of the United States that are related to that exposure. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. POM–252. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to immigration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–253. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to refugees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–254. A resolution adopted by the Leg-islature of Guam expressing unequivocal sup-port for the United Nations World Health Or-ganization Framework Convention on To-bacco Control (WHO–FCTC) in its efforts to address the global tobacco epidemic; request-ing that the President of the United States support the WHO–FCTC, and submit it to the United States Senate for ratification; and re-questing that the United States Senate rat-ify the WHO–FCTC; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 1869. A bill to improve Federal network security and authorize and enhance an exist-ing intrusion detection and prevention sys-tem for civilian Federal networks (Rept. No. 114–378). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 3087. A bill to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and devel-opment grants and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–379). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2580. A bill to establish the Indian Edu-cation Agency to streamline the administra-tion of Indian education, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–380). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment: S. 2643. A bill to improve the implementa-tion of the settlement agreement reached be-tween the Pueblo de Cochiti of New Mexico and the Corps of Engineers, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–381). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2717. A bill to improve the safety and ad-dress the deferred maintenance needs of In-dian dams to prevent flooding on Indian res-ervations, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–382). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.049 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6484 November 17, 2016 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 3218. Designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4887. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. H.R. 5150. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5309. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieutenant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5356. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. H.R. 5591. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 5676. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 5798. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5889. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mar-iana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Mark D. Acton, of Kentucky, to be a Com-missioner of the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion for a term expiring October 14, 2022. *Robert G. Taub, of New York, to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission for a term expiring October 14, 2022. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE: S. 3472. A bill to require the Bureau of the Census to conduct a survey to determine in-come and poverty levels in the United States in a manner that accounts for the receipt of Federal means-tested benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. CARDIN , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 3473. A bill to increase outdated death gratuities and funeral allowances for Federal civilian employees killed in the line of duty, to expand the scope of eligible beneficiaries, to codify tax treatment, to change offset re-quirements, to harmonize death gratuities across Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3474. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to au-thorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. L EE, Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. P
AUL): S. 3475. A bill to delay the amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-cedure; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. 3476. A bill to waive recoupment by the United States of certain bonuses and similar benefits erroneously received by members of the Army National Guard, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 3477. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide information regarding vaccines for seniors as part of the Medicare & You handbook and to ensure that the treatment of cost sharing for vaccines under Medicare part D is consistent with the treatment of vaccines under Medicare part B, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 3478. A bill to require continued and en-hanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Eu-rope, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European gov-ernments, the European Union, and civil so-ciety groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3479. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow unpopulated cen-sus tracts that are contiguous to low-income communities to be treated as low-income communities under the new markets tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SASSE: S. 3480. A bill to make an alien who applies for naturalization using a false identity in-eligible for citizenship and to require the completion of the Historical Fingerprint En-rollment Program and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SASSE (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B
ARRASSO , and Mr. L EE): S. 3481. A bill to address payment for claims relating to certain provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3482. A bill to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo Nation in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. Res. 616. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of American Diabetes Month; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. Res. 617. A resolution designating No-vember 27, 2016, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C
OATS , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. Res. 618. A resolution commending and congratulating the Chicago Cubs on their 2016 World Series victory; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. R EID, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. K
ING): S. Res. 619. A resolution recognizing Na-tional Native American Heritage Month and celebrating the heritages and cultures of Na-tive Americans and the contributions of Na-tive Americans to the United States; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently prohibit the conduct of offshore drill-ing on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and North Atlantic planning areas. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1559, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a review of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.026 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6485 November 17, 2016 
the characterization or terms of dis-charge from the Armed Forces of indi-viduals with mental health disorders alleged to affect terms of discharge. 
S. 1714 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1714, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2748 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2748, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nurs-ing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to pro-mote education and research in pallia-tive care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2823, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the section 45 credit for re-fined coal from steel industry fuel, and for other purposes. S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2957, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anni-versary of the first manned landing on the Moon. 
S. 2977 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2977, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish an excise tax on the production and im-portation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes. 
S. 3111 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3111, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the 7.5 percent threshold for the med-ical expense deduction for individuals age 65 or older. 
S. 3115 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3115, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act with respect to a national pediatric re-search network. 
S. 3147 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3147, a bill to support educational enti-ties in fully implementing title IX and reducing and preventing sex discrimi-nation in all areas of education. 
S. 3188 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3188, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to mod-ify the incentives for biodiesel. 
S. 3241 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3241, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to re-affirm the United States historic com-mitment to protecting refugees who are fleeing persecution or torture. 
S. 3244 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3244, a bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to clar-ify the treatment of pediatric dental coverage in the individual and group markets outside of Exchanges estab-lished under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 3281 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3281, a bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996. S. 3391 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3391, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Li-brary Services Act. 
S. 3405 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3405, a bill to transfer certain items from the United States Munitions List to the Commerce Con-trol List. 
S. 3414 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3414, a bill to condition assist-ance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens. 
S. 3438 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3438, a bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a major medical facility project in Reno, Nevada. 
S. 3447 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3447, a bill to direct the Secretary of the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a memorial honoring the helicopter pi-lots and crew members of the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. 
S. 3464 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3464, a bill to provide incremental increases to the salary threshold for exemptions for ex-ecutive, administrative, professional, outside sales, and computer employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 40 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 40, a joint resolution approv-ing the location of a memorial to com-memorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces that served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. 
S. RES. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Colorado 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.039 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6486 November 17, 2016 
(Mr. G ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 615, a resolution express-ing support for the designation of No-vember 16, 2016, as ‘‘American Special Hockey Day’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 3473. A bill to increase outdated death gratuities and funeral allowances for Federal civilian employees killed in the line of duty, to expand the scope of eligible beneficiaries, to codify tax treatment, to change offset require-ments, to harmonize death gratuities across Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Death Gratu-ities Equity Act of 2016. I am joined by Senators C
ARDIN and W ARNER in sup-port of this bill. Congress required the Office of Per-sonnel Management to study and re-port back on death gratuities and fu-neral expenses given to families of Fed-eral employees killed in the line of duty. OPM provided its report in 2012, and what it found deeply disturbed me. Across the board the numbers were wildly different. Some families would get a $10,000 death gratuity with $800 for funeral expenses. Those funeral ex-penses were then deducted from the lump sum death gratuity. The $800 al-lotment for funeral expenses had not been updated in 50 years, and the $10,000 amount has not been updated in 20 years. This report really struck a nerve with me. If you are working hard every day for your country and you are killed in doing that duty, your country should do all it can to thank you. I think that’s a pretty reasonable re-quest. So I worked with OPM and the administration to create this legisla-tion here today. My home State of Maryland has one of the highest numbers of Federal em-ployees. Marylanders are called to service, and we proudly represent team USA at home and around the world. In 1998, when Al Qaeda bombed the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, killing twelve Americans. Maryland lost two of its own that day, Julian Bartley Sr. and his son, Jay. Since then, I have fought tooth and nail for his family and all the families who lose loved ones while serving America. We were able to finally get them the compensation they deserved in the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act of 2014. But families shouldn’t have to worry about whether or not Congress will take action, and they shouldn’t have to fight for years on end to recognize the sacrifice made by their loved ones. We need to recognize that sacrifice now and secure it for the future. The fami-lies of all Federal employees across the country need to know that we have their backs should the worst come to pass. This bill does five things. First, it creates a standard minimum payment of $100,000 across all departments for any federal civilian employee killed in the line of duty. Second, it gives up to $8,800 for funeral expenses, and those expenses are in addition to the death gratuity, not taken away from it. Third, it makes it the law that these death and funeral gratuities cannot be taxed. Fourth, it ties these amounts to an automatic cost-of-living adjust-ment, so that we don’t have to do this again in the future. And fifth, it now covers all federal employees, not just those killed abroad. This bill also now covers more kinds of Federal service employees who are eligible for death gratuities and fu-neral expenses. Brave people like fire-fighters, dedicated post office employ-ees, diligent census workers, and bright young stars like interns, Job Corps stu-dents, and Peace Corps volunteers. These people and their families would all be covered and protected under this bill. I am very pleased with this plan to standardize civilian death gratuities. There’s been too much disparity across departments for too long. Federal em-ployees who are killed in the line of duty deserve to be recognized by their government for their sacrifice. Their families deserve certainty and a uni-form policy they can rely on if the worst should happen to their loved ones. These hardworking employees are wearing the USA team jersey every day. This bill lets them know the gov-ernment is on their side, that their service is valued, and that everyone is equal under the law. 
By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3474. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire veterans as career law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3474 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PRIORITIZING HIRING AND TRAINING OF VETERANS. 
Section 1701(b)(2) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)(2)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, including by prioritizing the hiring and training of veterans (as defined in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘Nation’’. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. L EE, Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. P
AUL): S. 3475. A bill to delay the amend-ments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise to address a pending change to privacy protection contained in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. But before I proceed to the details, the sometimes wonky details of what we actually do here legislatively, let me just start by speaking to concerns I have heard. As early as this morning, on my train ride down from Wilmington, DE, in the halls here in Congress, by email, text, and by phone from friends from my State of Delaware and all over the country, folks are concerned about what this election means and about whether we can work together in ways that defend the fundamental liberties on which this country rests. I wish to start by remarking that Senator WYDEN and I are on the floor today talking about a bill that we have crafted and we are introducing in part-nership with other Senators—with Sen-ators M
IKELEE, STEVE DAINES , and A L F
RANKEN who represent, literally, the farthest edges of this Chamber in terms of ideology. If you look at the top five issues on which we agree, we agree on relatively little. But as a group of Re-publicans and Democrats, we have agreed to work together to restrain an attempt—frankly, initiated by the cur-rent Department of Justice—to modify the Federal Rules of Criminal Proce-dure in a way that we are concerned implicates or invades our Fourth Amendment constitutional protec-tions. I hope those who watch what happens on this floor find encourage-ment in the fact that Republicans and Democrats before this election’s out-come had come together to craft this bill, this approach, and to move for-ward in a way that shows the bipar-tisan commitment to protecting our constitutional liberties remains alive and well in this Chamber. Let me briefly address what it is I am talking about because I think it has se-rious and far-reaching implications for the privacy of ordinary Americans. These rules, the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, govern the proce-dures for investigation and prosecution of individuals within our American criminal justice system, and it is es-sential that these rules strike a careful balance, giving law enforcement the tools they need to investigate crimes and keep us safe while also protecting Americans’ constitutional rights to freedom from unreasonable searches and seizures, our rights to privacy. Earlier this year on April 30, the Su-preme Court approved changes to the Federal rules that would shift this bal-ance, potentially greatly expanding the scope of search warrants. Neither the Senate nor the House held a hearing or a markup in the relevant committees to make these changes. The body of government closest to the people has failed to weigh in at all on an issue that immediately and directly impacts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.039 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6487 November 17, 2016 
our constituents’ rights. If we in the Congress do nothing, the proposed rule changes will go into effect December 1 of this year. While the proposed changes are not necessarily good or bad, they are seri-ous, and they present significant policy concerns that I think warrant careful consideration and debate. I wish to quickly outline two of them today. One change would allow any mag-istrate judge in any district in America to issue a warrant for information out-side that magistrate’s district if the lo-cation of the information that law en-forcement is seeking has been con-cealed. This change ensures investiga-tors have a jurisdiction to go to where they can seek a warrant, particularly for cyber information that is concealed and where it is impossible to know the district in which the attack originated. Another change would allow a judge to issue a warrant for information on devices located in five or more judicial districts. While the Department of Jus-tice argues this change will improve the efficiency of investigations by eliminating the need to seek multiple warrants to reach all the devices that are suspected of being the same cyber criminal network, this represents a sweeping change to how search war-rants are traditionally reviewed, issued, and executed. I think all Americans should want criminal investigations to proceed quickly and thoroughly, but I am con-cerned these changes could remove im-portant judicial safeguards by allowing one judge—one judge—to decide on a search that would give the government the ability to search and possibly alter hundreds or even thousands of com-puters owned by innocent Americans across the country. These changes would also incentivize investigators to forum shop—to seek a multijurisdictional warrant from the official most likely to approve a sweep-ing search. So, in October, a bipartisan group of 23 Members of Congress wrote Attorney General Lynch to request more information about these changes to Rule XLI, and we are still waiting for a response. With so many complex questions unanswered, it is important the Department of Justice and this body have time to carefully answer these questions. So today we are intro-ducing legislation that gives Congress that time, and Senators D
AINES , LEE, and F
RANKEN have joined Senators W
YDEN and me to delay these changes until July 1 of next year. We all want to ensure the American people are kept safe from cyber hack-ers and online criminal activity. We all want law enforcement to have the tools they need to keep us safe, but our de-sire for safety and our desire for an ef-ficient criminal justice system should not require us to forfeit our funda-mental constitutional rights to privacy and protection from searches and sei-zures. Let me now yield the floor to my friend and colleague Senator W
YDEN , who has been such a tireless, effective, and engaged advocate on exactly these issues. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank Senator COONS for his work, his very thoughtful statement, and I particu-larly appreciate his emphasizing the fact that this effort began long before November 8. This has been a bipartisan effort for some time, with Democrats and Republicans across the political spectrum saying: Look, the country wants policies that make us safer and protect our liberties, and if we are not careful, we are going to get policies that don’t do much of either and in fact set us back. I very much appreciate what my col-league is doing. It is a simple propo-sition that Senator C
OONS advances today; that is, when you are talking about a monumental change—one judge with one warrant making it pos-sible to hack thousands of computers— this is not just a modest alteration in the way business is done in Wash-ington, DC, this is an enormous public policy shift. The idea the Congress— without even one hearing, without even one debate, without even one op-portunity for Members to weigh in for-mally, in my view just defies common sense and our responsibilities. I very much appreciate what my colleague is doing. Suffice it to say, this was important before the election, but right now, when we have scores of Americans won-dering about the very future of the core constitutional protections they rely on, the bill Senator C
OONS is offer-ing makes it clear those basic values and the sanctity of the courts and due process and the rule of law are not going to be values that are going to be set aside because of what happened on November 8, and there are going to be Democrats and Republicans working together in the Senate. I remember when Senator P
AUL, who has made very valuable contributions on this and other issues, began to dis-cuss some of these matters with me on the Select Committee on Intelligence. We, in effect, said: It is almost like we have a Ben Franklin caucus around here. Ben Franklin famously said: Any-one who gives up their liberty to have security doesn’t deserve either. It seems to me my colleague is picking up on those principles. Mr. President and colleagues, I will be brief. The Coons bill addresses the cold fact that without urgent action this month, the government is going to have unprecedented authority to hack into the personal phones, computers, tablets, or whatever devices Americans use. This would be a massive expansion of government hacking and surveil-lance powers, a vast expansion of Exec-utive power. To do it without even a congressional debate would be just a monumental mistake. What ought to be done, as Senator C
OONS has sug-gested, is allowing the Congress and the American people to have a chance to weigh in on the very substantial constitutional questions surrounding government hacking. I sit on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. I think having joined before 9/11, I am now, I believe, the longest serving member in history, along with Senator FEINSTEIN , and we can tell you there is no question it is a dangerous world. Go into the Select Committee on Intelligence, and it be-comes pretty clear there are a lot of people out there who do not wish the people of our great country well. It is obvious, as my colleague from Dela-ware has noted, that law enforcement faces very substantial challenges be-cause technology is constantly evolv-ing. So we want to make it clear, those of us who are supporting the Coons bill, that we don’t take a backseat to any-one in giving our agents the tools they need to demonstrate that security and liberty are not mutually exclusive. We can have both. That is why I wrote section 102 of the Freedom Act, which actually expanded the government’s ability to move when there was an emergency. We have had a lot of discussions about our ability to protect our country in the event of an emergency situation. That was a provi-sion that I added and I felt particularly strongly about because I wanted to am-plify on what my colleague has said; that we are interested in both liberty and security and in coming up with policies that are compatible. What we have seen, and why the Coons review is so important, is that too often government agencies have cast too wide a net and swept up infor-mation from millions of Americans in-stead of focusing on the real threats— the criminals, the terrorists, the hack-ers. Our point with respect to this re-view bill is that our job consists of more than just having a ‘‘trust us’’ pol-icy from the Justice Department. Our job is to ask the tough questions. My late father was a journalist. That is what he said. Nobody wants to ask the tough questions. It takes more time and it makes people uncomfort-able, but that is what we are supposed to do, and particularly right now, when so many Americans are concerned about the threats to their liberty and the security of our personal informa-tion. What Senator C
OONS is talking about this morning is a more impor-tant check on the executive branch than we have had to debate in the past. That is why my colleague’s work is so timely this morning. This change would also effectively— if it were to go through in its current form, Rule 41—turn innocent victims of computer attacks into the victims of additional government hacking. Again, this was alarming before November 8, but now we need to consider the pros-pect of an administration led by some-one who openly said he wants the power to hack his political opponents exhibited by the Russians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.024 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6488 November 17, 2016 
It is troubling how little the Con-gress knows about how the government currently uses its hacking authority and what it plans to do with expanded powers under Rule 41. Is it going to clean all the botnets in the world, like the one that recently attacked the Internet backbone company? If that is the case, what is the software going to look like? This kind of good-guy hack-ing is risky, incredibly risky, even when you have individuals with the best of motivations in your corner. As Senator C
OONS indicated, we put together a letter late in October, before the election. This is a theme Members are going to hear. Before the election, many of these concerns were raised, and we said to Attorney General Lynch that we have some basic questions, such as: How does the government in-tend to prevent forum shopping by prosecutors seeking court approval to hack into Americans’ devices? How is the government going to prevent col-lateral damage to innocent Americans’ devices of electronic data when it re-motely searches devices such as smartphones or medical devices? What the latest numbers indicate is that a major source of cyber attacks are our wonderful medical facilities. The questions we asked in that October 27 letter speak to that. We want to know whether the government intends to use its new authority to search and ‘‘clean’’ American computers? How is the government going to maintain a chain of custody when searching or re-moving evidence from a device? How is the government going to notify Ameri-cans who are the subject of remote gov-ernment searches? I am very troubled by the language in the current proposal, which suggests the notice process will be very dif-ferent than what Americans have tra-ditionally thought about in kind of the physical world with respect to notice. The Coons bill is important business because we have not yet, our bipartisan group of 23, gotten answers to these questions. We are going to keep trying to learn more about why it might or might not be necessary for the govern-ment to have the authority. I will wrap up this discussion with Senator C
OONS —which I thank him for leading—by way of saying that I have issued warnings before on the floor and have seen what happens when those warnings aren’t heeded. I just want to say this morning that I believe if the Senate fails to stand up for our con-stituents now and do what Senator C
OONS is talking about, which is our job—vigorous oversight, asking the hard questions, getting the facts about new technological questions that are evolving—I believe there are going to be problems with Rule 41. I believe there are going to be prob-lems at hospitals, at power grids, at major American institutions and that if we do nothing, except what Congress does best—which is nothing—and let this go through, I think our constitu-ents are going to come back when there are problems, and they are going to say to each of us: What were you thinking? Why did you vote to allow policies that would permit hacking in this fashion? Colleagues are going to say: Gee, we didn’t vote at all. They are going to say: You didn’t vote at all? You must have had some meetings. Well, we didn’t have any meetings. We didn’t have any debates. We didn’t have any discussion. Then they are going to say: You al-lowed mass hacking by just kind of dropping the ball and saying you have other stuff to do? I think the American people are going to react very badly if that is, in fact, what happens. So I commend Senator COONS . He consistently comes to the floor and ap-peals across the aisle. I so appreciate it. I hope we will see action on the Sen-ator’s very thoughtful bill. I am proud to be a cosponsor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as some-one who spent over a decade in the pri-vate tech sector, I know firsthand the challenges our country faces when it comes to cyber criminals. Technology has made it easier than ever for bad ac-tors to steal identities, distribute malware, and commit a whole host of other crimes, all from behind the com-puter screen. Law enforcement is fac-ing tremendous challenges in tracking and stopping these criminals. The fact is, our law enforcement poli-cies need to be updated to reflect the reality of the 21st century, but these policy changes need to be made through a process that is transparent, effective, and one that protects our civil liberties. The changes to rule XLI of the Fed-eral Rules of Criminal Procedure would allow the government to hack an un-limited number of Americans’ com-puters—including innocent victims’ computers—with a single warrant. This rule change was approved behind closed doors at the Department of Justice. Fundamental changes to the way we allow law enforcement to execute searches need to be made through a process that is fully transparent to the American people. We cannot give the Federal Government a blank check to infringe upon our civil liberties. If Congress does not act, this rule change will automatically go into ef-fect December 1. This bill simply delays the rule change. It is a delay which will allow Congress to consider new law enforcement tools through a process they deserve. I urge my col-leagues to join my colleagues in delay-ing this rule. Mr. President, I yield the floor. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 616—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF AMERICAN DIABETES MONTH Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 616 Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘CDC’’), in the United States— (1) nearly 30,000,000 individuals have diabe-tes; and (2) an estimated 86,000,000 individuals aged 20 years and older have prediabetes; Whereas diabetes is a serious chronic con-dition that affects individuals of every age, race, ethnicity, and income level; Whereas the CDC reports that Hispanics, African Americans, Asian Americans, and Native American adults are disproportion-ately affected by diabetes and suffer from the disease at rates that are much higher than the general population of the United States; Whereas an individual aged 20 years or older is diagnosed with diabetes every 19 sec-onds; Whereas approximately 4,660 individuals in the United States aged 20 years or older are diagnosed with diabetes each day; Whereas the CDC estimates that approxi-mately 1,700,000 individuals in the United States aged 20 years and older were newly di-agnosed with diabetes in 2012; Whereas a joint study carried out by the National Institutes of Health and the CDC found that in the United States during 2008 and 2009, an estimated 18,436 youth were newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, and 5,089 youth were newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes; Whereas according to the CDC, the preva-lence of diabetes in the United States in-creased by more than 400 percent between 1980 and 2014; Whereas the CDC reports that 27.8 percent of individuals with diabetes in the United States have not been diagnosed with the dis-ease; Whereas in the United States, more than 12 percent of adults aged 20 years and older and 25.9 percent of individuals aged 65 years and older have diabetes; Whereas as many as 1 in 3 adults in the United States will have diabetes in 2050 if the present trend continues; Whereas after accounting for the difference of the average age of each population, data surveying individuals aged 20 years or older in the United States between 2010 and 2012 indicates that 7.6 percent of non-Hispanic whites, 13.2 percent of non-Hispanic blacks, 12.8 percent of Hispanics, and 9.0 percent of Asian Americans suffered from diagnosed di-abetes; Whereas after accounting for the difference of the average age of each population, data surveying Hispanic individuals aged 20 years or older in the United States between 2010 and 2012 indicates that 8.5 percent of individ-uals of Central and South American descent, 9.3 percent of individuals of Cuban descent, 13.9 percent of individuals of Mexican de-scent, and 14.8 percent of individuals of Puer-to Rican descent suffered from diagnosed di-abetes; Whereas according to the American Diabe-tes Association, in 2012, the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.025 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6489 November 17, 2016 
spent an estimated $245,000,000,000 on cases of diagnosed diabetes; Whereas the American Diabetes Associa-tion reports that 20 percent of the funds that the United States spent on health care in 2012 went towards caring for individuals with diabetes; Whereas a study carried out by Mathematica Policy Research found that total expenditures for individuals with dia-betes receiving benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) in fiscal year 2005 comprised 32.7 percent of the budg-et for the Medicare program in that fiscal year; Whereas according to the CDC, in the United States in 2010, diabetes was the sev-enth leading cause of death and contributed to the death of more than 234,051 individuals; Whereas as of November 2016, a cure for di-abetes does not exist; Whereas there are successful means to re-duce the incidence or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes; Whereas with proper management and treatment, individuals with diabetes live healthy, productive lives; and Whereas individuals in the United States celebrate American Diabetes Month in No-vember: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Diabetes Month, including— (A) encouraging individuals in the United States to fight diabetes through public awareness of prevention and treatment op-tions; and (B) enhancing diabetes education; (2) recognizes the importance of early de-tection, awareness of the symptoms, and un-derstanding the risk factors of diabetes, in-cluding— (A) being over the age of 45 years; (B) having a specific racial and ethnic background; (C) being overweight; (D) having a low level of physical activity; (E) having high blood pressure; and (F) having a family history of diabetes or a history of diabetes during pregnancy; and (3) supports decreasing the prevalence of type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes in the United States through increased re-search, treatment, and prevention. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 617—DESIG-NATING NOVEMBER 27, 2016, AS ‘‘DRIVE SAFER SUNDAY’’ Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 617 Whereas motor vehicle travel is the pri-mary means of transportation in the United States; Whereas every individual traveling on the roads and highways needs to drive in a safer manner to reduce deaths and injuries that result from motor vehicle accidents; Whereas according to the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration, wearing a seat belt saves as many as 15,000 lives each year; and Whereas the Sunday after Thanksgiving is the busiest highway traffic day of the year: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) encourages— (A) high schools, colleges, universities, ad-ministrators, teachers, primary schools, and secondary schools to launch campus-wide educational campaigns to urge students to focus on safety when driving; (B) national trucking firms to alert their drivers to be especially focused on driving safely on the Sunday after Thanksgiving, and to publicize the importance of the day through use of the Citizens Band Radio Serv-ice and at truck stops across the United States; (C) clergies to remind their congregations to travel safely when attending services and gatherings; (D) law enforcement personnel to remind drivers and passengers to drive safely, par-ticularly on the Sunday after Thanksgiving; (E) motorists to drive safely, not just dur-ing the holiday season, but every time they get behind the wheel; and (F) all people of the United States to un-derstand the life-saving importance of wear-ing a seat belt and to use the Sunday after Thanksgiving as an opportunity to educate themselves about highway safety; and (2) designates November 27, 2016, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’. f SENATE RESOLUTION 618—COM-MENDING AND CONGRATU-LATING THE CHICAGO CUBS ON THEIR 2016 WORLD SERIES VIC-TORY Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C
OATS , and Mr. D ONNELLY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 618 Whereas, on November 2, 2016, the Chicago Cubs won the 2016 World Series with an 8-7 victory over the Cleveland Indians; Whereas the Chicago Cubs won the World Series in Game 7 at Progressive Field in Cleveland, Ohio; Whereas the Chicago Cubs came back from a 3-1 World Series deficit to win 3 thrilling games in a row and became World Series Champions for the first time in 108 years; Whereas all 25 players on the World Series roster of the Chicago Cubs should be con-gratulated, including Albert Almora Jr., Jake Arrieta, Javier Baez, Kris Bryant, Aroldis Chapman, Chris Coghlan, Willson Contreras, Carl Edwards Jr., Dexter Fowler, Justin Grimm, Kyle Hendricks, Jason Hey-ward, John Lackey, Jon Lester, Miguel Montero, Mike Montgomery, Anthony Rizzo, Hector Rondon, David Ross, Addison Russell, Kyle Schwarber, Jorge Soler, Pedro Strop, Travis Wood, and Ben Zobrist; Whereas, in addition to the World Series roster, all Chicago Cubs players who contrib-uted to the 2016 regular season should be congratulated, including Jake Buchanan, Trevor Cahill, Jeimer Candelario, Gerardo Concepcion, Tim Federowicz, Jason Hammel, Ryan Kalish, Munenori Kawasaki, Tommy La Stella, Brian Matusz, Joe Nathan, Spen-cer Patton, Felix Pen˜a, Joel Peralta, Neil Ramirez, Clayton Richard, Joe Smith, Matt Szczur, Adam Warren, and Rob Zastryzny; Whereas the front office, the clubhouse, and all supporting staff and team members of the Chicago Cubs should be congratulated; Whereas the Chicago Cubs won an incred-ible 103 games during the regular season, which earned the team the best record in Major League Baseball; Whereas the Chicago Cubs overcame the American League winning the Major League Baseball All-Star Game, which gave the Indi-ans home field advantage for the World Se-ries; Whereas the Chicago Cubs had 7 players se-lected to the 2016 Major League Baseball All- Star Game, who should be congratulated, in-cluding Anthony Rizzo, Ben Zobrist, Kris Bryant, Addison Russell, Dexter Fowler, Jake Arrieta, and Jon Lester; Whereas the Chicago Cubs infield of An-thony Rizzo, Ben Zobrist, Kris Bryant, and Addison Russell were the first foursome to start an All-Star Game since 1963 and the second one ever; Whereas the Chicago Cubs bounced back from a disappointing loss in the 2015 playoffs to win the National League Championship pennant for the first time since 1945; Whereas Chicago Cubs outfielder Dexter Fowler became the first African-American Chicago Cubs player to play in a World Se-ries and went on to hit a lead-off home run in Game 7 of the World Series; Whereas Chicago Cubs catcher Miguel Montero hit a grand slam in Game 1 of the National League Championship Series and drove in the final, winning Chicago Cubs run in the 10th inning of Game 7 of the World Se-ries; Whereas Chicago Cubs shortstop Addison Russell tied the single-game record for runs batted in (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘RBI’’) for a World Series game after he bat-ted in 6 runs in Game 6 of the World Series, including a grand slam in the third inning; Whereas Chicago Cubs catcher David Ross, in the final game of his 15-year Major League Baseball career, hit a home run in Game 7 of the World Series; Whereas Kyle Schwarber, after severely in-juring his knee during the third game of the regular season, recovered through persever-ance and determination and was added to the World Series roster, where, in one of the greatest sports comeback stories of all time, he— (1) hit .412 and had a .500 on-base-percent-age in the World Series; and (2) following a 17-minute rain delay, ig-nited the 10th inning rally in Game 7 of the World Series with a lead-off single; Whereas Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez and pitcher Jon Lester were co-recipients of the National League Champion-ship Series Most Valuable Player Award, after— (1) Javier Baez hit .318 in the 6-game Na-tional League Championship Series, stole 2 bases, including home plate, and made a number of incredible defensive plays; and (2) Jon Lester had a 1.38 earned run aver-age in 2 starts against the Los Angeles Dodg-ers during the National League Champion-ship Series, allowing just 2 runs over 13 in-nings and striking out 9 batters; Whereas Chicago Cubs utility man and Eu-reka, Illinois, native Ben Zobrist received unanimous support for and won the World Series Most Valuable Player Award, the first Chicago Cub ever to win the award, after— (1) hitting .357 in the World Series; (2) driving in the go-ahead run in the 10th inning of Game 7 with an RBI double; and (3) leading the Chicago Cubs to an eventual World Series win; Whereas Chicago Cubs first baseman An-thony Rizzo and outfielder Jason Heyward received Gold Glove Awards for their 2016 de-fensive accomplishments; Whereas Chicago Cubs first baseman An-thony Rizzo and pitcher Jake Arrieta re-ceived Silver Slugger Awards for their 2016 offensive accomplishments; Whereas Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant received the 2016 National League Hank Aaron Award for his offensive accom-plishments and is a candidate for the 2016 National League Most Valuable Player Award after having been unanimously named the 2015 National League Rookie of the Year; Whereas Chicago Cubs pitchers Kyle Hen-dricks and Jon Lester were candidates for the 2016 National League Cy Young Award, following pitcher Jake Arrieta having re-ceived the 2015 National League Cy Young Award; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.043 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6490 November 17, 2016 
Whereas Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon was a candidate for the 2016 Na-tional League Manager of the Year Award, after having received the 2015 National League Manager of the Year Award; Whereas Chicago Cubs President of Base-ball Operations Theo Epstein joined the Chi-cago Cubs front office in 2011 and succeeded in building a World Series Champion team; Whereas the Chicago Cubs fell short in the 2015 National League Championship Series, fueling a determination— (1) to return to the playoffs; and (2) to win a World Series in 2016; Whereas Chicago Cubs fans followed the triumphs of the 2016 season by tuning into games called by Chicago Cubs television broadcasters Len Kasper and Jim Deshaies and Chicago Cubs radio broadcasters Pat Hughes and Ron Coomer; Whereas the Chicago Cubs played 3 excel-lent teams in the 2016 postseason that de-serve congratulations for their achieve-ments, including— (1) the San Francisco Giants in the Na-tional League Division Series; (2) the Los Angeles Dodgers in the Na-tional League Championship Series; and (3) the Cleveland Indians in the World Se-ries; Whereas the Chicago Cubs won their first World Series since 1908, filling people in Chi-cago and Chicago Cubs fans everywhere with pride; Whereas the Chicago Cubs showed extraor-dinary steadiness, teamwork, focus, and love of the game in proving again to be an organi-zation of great character, determination, and heart, a reflection of the city of Chicago and the State of Illinois; Whereas on November 4, 2016, an estimated 5,000,000 fans gathered in Chicago to fly the W flag and celebrate the Chicago Cubs vic-tory in the largest parade and rally in United States history; and Whereas the Chicago Cubs are the 2016 World Series champions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Chicago Cubs on their— (A) 2016 World Series championship title; and (B) outstanding performance during the 2016 Major League Baseball season; (2) recognizes the achievements of the players, coaches, management, and support staff of the Chicago Cubs and the operations staff of Wrigley Field, the dedication and persistence of whom made victory possible; (3) congratulates— (A) the city of Chicago; (B) the entire Chicagoland area; (C) Chicago Cubs fans everywhere; (D) the mayor of the City of Chicago, the Honorable Rahm Emanuel; (E) Chicago Cubs Chairman, Mr. Tom Ricketts, and the Ricketts family; (F) Chicago Cubs President of Baseball Op-erations, Mr. Theo Epstein; (G) Chicago Cubs Executive Vice President and General Manager, Mr. Jed Hoyer; (H) Chicago Cubs President of Business Op-erations, Mr. Crane Kenney; and (I) Executive Vice President of Community and Government Affairs and Chief Legal Of-ficer, Mr. Michael Lufrano; and (4) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) Chicago Cubs Chairman, Mr. Tom Ricketts; (B) Chicago Cubs President of Baseball Op-erations, Mr. Theo Epstein; and (C) Chicago Cubs Manager, Mr. Joe Maddon. SENATE RESOLUTION 619—RECOG-NIZING NATIONAL NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH AND CELEBRATING THE HERIT-AGES AND CULTURES OF NA-TIVE AMERICANS AND THE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF NATIVE AMERI-CANS TO THE UNITED STATES Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. R
EID, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. E
NZI, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. K
ING) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 619 Whereas, from November 1, 2016, through November 30, 2016, the United States cele-brates National Native American Heritage Month; Whereas National Native American Herit-age Month is an opportunity to consider and recognize the contributions of Native Ameri-cans to the history of the United States; Whereas Native Americans are descendants of the original, indigenous inhabitants of what is now the United States; Whereas the Bureau of the Census esti-mated that, in 2010, there were more than 5,000,000 individuals of Native American de-scent in the United States; Whereas Native Americans maintain vi-brant cultures and traditions and hold a deeply rooted sense of community; Whereas Native Americans have moving stories of tragedy, triumph, and persever-ance that need to be shared with future gen-erations; Whereas Native Americans speak and pre-serve indigenous languages, which have con-tributed to the English language by being used as names of individuals and locations throughout the United States; Whereas Congress has consistently re-affirmed the support of the United States of tribal self-governance and self-determination and the commitment of the United States to improving the lives of all Native Americans by— (1) enhancing health care and law enforce-ment resources; and (2) improving the housing and socio-economic status of Native Americans; Whereas the United States is committed to strengthening the government-to-govern-ment relationship that the United States has maintained with the various Indian tribes; Whereas Congress has recognized the con-tributions of the Iroquois Confederacy and the influence of the Iroquois Confederacy on the Founding Fathers in the drafting of the Constitution of the United States with the concepts of— (1) freedom of speech; (2) the separation of governmental powers; and (3) the system of checks and balances be-tween the branches of government; Whereas, with the enactment of the Native American Heritage Day Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–33; 123 Stat. 1922), Congress— (1) reaffirmed the government-to-govern-ment relationship between the United States and Native American governments; and (2) recognized the important contributions of Native Americans to the culture of the United States; Whereas Native Americans have made dis-tinct and important contributions to the United States and the rest of the world in many fields, including the fields of agri-culture, medicine, music, language, and art; Whereas Native Americans have distin-guished themselves as inventors, entre-preneurs, spiritual leaders, and scholars; Whereas Native Americans have served with honor and distinction in the Armed Forces and continue to serve in the Armed Forces in greater numbers per capita than any other group in the United States; Whereas the United States has recognized the contribution of the Native American code talkers in World War I and World War II, who used indigenous languages as an un-breakable military code, saving countless lives in the United States; and Whereas the people of the United States have reason to honor the great achievements and contributions of Native Americans and their ancestors: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the month of November 2016 as ‘‘National Native American Heritage Month’’; (2) recognizes the Friday after Thanks-giving as ‘‘Native American Heritage Day’’ in accordance with section 2(10) of the Native American Heritage Day Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–33; 123 Stat. 1923); and (3) urges the people of the United States to observe National Native American Heritage Month and Native American Heritage Day with appropriate programs and activities. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 5110. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2873, to require studies and re-ports examining the use of, and opportuni-ties to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 5111. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M ORAN  (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3471, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of auto-mobiles and adaptive equipment by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 5110. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2873, to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, tech-nology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to im-prove programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act’’ or the ‘‘ECHO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
EALTH PROFESSIONAL SHORTAGE AREA .— The term ‘‘health professional shortage area’’ means a health professional shortage area designated under section 332 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254e). (2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.050 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6491 November 17, 2016 
of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (3) M
EDICALLY UNDERSERVED AREA .—The term ‘‘medically underserved area’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘medically under-served community’’ in section 799B of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 295p). (4) M
EDICALLY UNDERSERVED POPULATION .— The term ‘‘medically underserved popu-lation’’ has the meaning given the term in section 330(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(b)). (5) N
ATIVE AMERICANS .—The term ‘‘Native Americans’’ has the meaning given the term in section 736 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293) and includes Indian tribes and tribal organizations. (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (7) T
ECHNOLOGY -ENABLED COLLABORATIVE  
LEARNING AND CAPACITY BUILDING MODEL .— The term ‘‘technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building model’’ means a distance health education model that connects specialists with multiple other health care professionals through simulta-neous interactive videoconferencing for the purpose of facilitating case-based learning, disseminating best practices, and evaluating outcomes. (8) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘trib-al organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
SEC. 3. EXAMINATION AND REPORT ON TECH-NOLOGY-ENABLED COLLABORATIVE LEARNING AND CAPACITY BUILDING MODELS. 
(a) E XAMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall exam-ine technology-enabled collaborative learn-ing and capacity building models and their impact on— (A) addressing mental and substance use disorders, chronic diseases and conditions, prenatal and maternal health, pediatric care, pain management, and palliative care; (B) addressing health care workforce issues, such as specialty care shortages and primary care workforce recruitment, reten-tion, and support for lifelong learning; (C) the implementation of public health programs, including those related to disease prevention, infectious disease outbreaks, and public health surveillance; (D) the delivery of health care services in rural areas, frontier areas, health profes-sional shortage areas, and medically under-served areas, and to medically underserved populations and Native Americans; and (E) addressing other issues the Secretary determines appropriate. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In the examination re-quired under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult public and private stakeholders with expertise in using technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models in health care settings. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives, and post on the appropriate website of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, a report based on the examination under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include findings from the examination under subsection (a) and each of the following: (A) An analysis of— (i) the use and integration of technology- enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models by health care providers; (ii) the impact of such models on health care provider retention, including in health professional shortage areas in the States and communities in which such models have been adopted; (iii) the impact of such models on the qual-ity of, and access to, care for patients in the States and communities in which such mod-els have been adopted; (iv) the barriers faced by health care pro-viders, States, and communities in adopting such models; (v) the impact of such models on the abil-ity of local health care providers and special-ists to practice to the full extent of their education, training, and licensure, including the effects on patient wait times for spe-cialty care; and (vi) efficient and effective practices used by States and communities that have adopt-ed such models, including potential cost-ef-fectiveness of such models. (B) A list of such models that have been funded by the Secretary in the 5 years imme-diately preceding such report, including the Federal programs that have provided funding for such models. (C) Recommendations to reduce barriers for using and integrating such models, and opportunities to improve adoption of, and support for, such models as appropriate. (D) Opportunities for increased adoption of such models into programs of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services that are in existence as of the report. (E) Recommendations regarding the role of such models in continuing medical education and lifelong learning, including the role of academic medical centers, provider organiza-tions, and community providers in such edu-cation and lifelong learning. SA 5111. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
ORAN (for himself and Mr. T ESTER )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3471, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improve-ments in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PERSONAL SELECTIONS OF AUTO-MOBILES AND ADAPTIVE EQUIP-MENT. 
Section 3903(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that to the extent practicable an eligible person who is provided an automobile or other conveyance under this chapter is given the opportunity to make personal selections relating to such automobile or other conveyance.’’. 
SEC. 3. COMPREHENSIVE POLICY FOR THE AUTO-MOBILES ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE POLICY .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall develop a com-prehensive policy regarding quality stand-ards for providers who provide modification services to veterans under the automobile adaptive equipment program. (b) S
COPE.—The policy developed under subsection (a) shall cover each of the fol-lowing: (1) The Department of Veterans Affairs- wide management of the automobile adapt-ive equipment program. (2) The development of standards for safety and quality of equipment and installation of equipment through the automobile adaptive equipment program, including with respect to the defined differentiations in levels of modification complexity. (3) The consistent application of standards for safety and quality of both equipment and installation throughout the Department. (4) In accordance with subsection (c)(1), the certification of a provider by a manufacturer if the Secretary designates the quality standards of such manufacturer as meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this section. (5) In accordance with subsection (c)(2), the certification of a provider by a third party, nonprofit organization if the Secretary des-ignates the quality standards of such organi-zation as meeting or exceeding the standards developed under this section. (6) The education and training of personnel of the Department who administer the auto-mobile adaptive equipment program. (7) The compliance of the provider with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) when furnishing auto-mobile adaptive equipment at the facility of the provider. (8) The allowance, where technically ap-propriate, for veterans to receive modifica-tions at their residence or location of choice, including standards that ensure such receipt and notification to veterans of the avail-ability of such receipt. (c) CERTIFICATION OF MANUFACTURERS AND  T
HIRD PARTY , NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) C
ERTIFICATION OF MANUFACTURERS .—The Secretary shall approve a manufacturer as a certifying manufacturer for purposes of sub-section (b)(4), if the manufacturer dem-onstrates that its certification standards meet or exceed the quality standards devel-oped under this section. (2) C
ERTIFICATION OF THIRD PARTY , NON-
PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-prove two or more private, nonprofit organi-zations as third party, nonprofit certifying organizations for purposes of subsection (b)(5). (B) L
IMITATION .—If at any time there is only one third party, nonprofit certifying or-ganization approved by the Secretary for purposes of subsection (b)(5), such organiza-tion shall not be permitted to provide cer-tifications under such subsection until such time as the Secretary approves a second third party, nonprofit certifying organiza-tion for purposes of such subsection. (d) U
PDATES .— (1) I
NITIAL UPDATES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall update Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1173.4, or any suc-cessor handbook or directive, in accordance with the policy developed under subsection (a). (2) S
UBSEQUENT UPDATES .—Not less fre-quently than once every 6 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update such handbook, or any successor handbook or directive. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop the policy under subsection (a), and re-vise such policy under subsection (d), in con-sultation with veterans service organiza-tions, the National Highway Transportation Administration, industry representatives, manufacturers of automobile adaptive equip-ment, and other entities with expertise in in-stalling, repairing, replacing, or manufac-turing mobility equipment or developing mo-bility accreditation standards for auto-mobile adaptive equipment. (f) C
ONFLICTS .—In developing and imple-menting the policy under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.052 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6492 November 17, 2016 
(1) minimize the possibility of conflicts of interest, to the extent practicable; and (2) establish procedures that ensure against the use of a certifying organization referred to in subsection (b)(5) that has a fi-nancial conflict of interest regarding the certification of an eligible provider. (g) B
IENNIAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary updates Veterans Health Administration Handbook 1173.4, or any successor handbook or direc-tive, under subsection (d), and not less fre-quently than once every other year there-after through 2022, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the implementation and facility compliance with the policy developed under subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the implementation plan for the policy developed under sub-section (a) and any revisions to such policy under subsection (d). (B) A description of the performance meas-ures used to determine the effectiveness of such policy in ensuring the safety of vet-erans enrolled in the automobile adaptive equipment program. (C) An assessment of safety issues due to improper installations based on a survey of recipients of adaptive equipment from the Department. (D) An assessment of the adequacy of the adaptive equipment services of the Depart-ment based on a survey of recipients of adaptive equipment from the Department. (E) An assessment of the training provided to the personnel of the Department with re-spect to administering the program. (F) An assessment of the certified pro-viders of the Department of adaptive equip-ment with respect to meeting the minimum standards developed under subsection (b)(2). (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
UTOMOBILE ADAPTIVE EQUIPMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘automobile adaptive equipment program’’ means the program ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs pursuant to chapter 39 of title 38, United States Code. (2) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘veterans service organization’’ means any organization recognized by the Sec-retary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. APPOINTMENT OF LICENSED HEARING AID SPECIALISTS IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) L ICENSED HEARING AIDSPECIALISTS .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Section 7401(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘licensed hearing aid specialists,’’ after ‘‘Audiologists,’’. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Section 7402(b)(14) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, hearing aid specialist’’ after ‘‘dental technologist’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—With respect to ap-pointing hearing aid specialists under sec-tions 7401 and 7402 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), and pro-viding services furnished by such specialists, the Secretary shall ensure that— (1) a hearing aid specialist may only per-form hearing services consistent with the hearing aid specialist’s State license related to the practice of fitting and dispensing hearing aids without excluding other quali-fied professionals, including audiologists, from rendering services in overlapping prac-tice areas; (2) services provided to veterans by hearing aid specialists shall be provided as part of the non-medical treatment plan developed by an audiologist; and (3) the medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs provide to veterans ac-cess to the full range of professional services provided by an audiologist. (c) CONSULTATION .—In determining the qualifications required for hearing aid spe-cialists and in carrying out subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with veterans service organizations, audiologists, otolaryngologists, hearing aid specialists, and other stakeholder and industry groups as the Secretary determines appropriate. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the fol-lowing: (A) Timely access of veterans to hearing health services through the Department of Veterans Affairs. (B) Contracting policies of the Department with respect to providing hearing health services to veterans in facilities that are not facilities of the Department. (2) T
IMELY ACCESS TO SERVICES .—Each re- port shall, with respect to the matter speci-fied in paragraph (1)(A) for the 1-year period preceding the submittal of such report, in-clude the following: (A) The staffing levels of audiologists, hearing aid specialists, and health techni-cians in audiology in the Veterans Health Administration. (B) A description of the metrics used by the Secretary in measuring performance with respect to appointments and care relat-ing to hearing health. (C) The average time that a veteran waits to receive an appointment, beginning on the date on which the veteran makes the re-quest, for the following: (i) A disability rating evaluation for a hearing-related disability. (ii) A hearing aid evaluation. (iii) Dispensing of hearing aids. (iv) Any follow-up hearing health appoint-ment. (D) The percentage of veterans whose total wait time for appointments described in sub-paragraph (C), including an initial and fol-low-up appointment, if applicable, is more than 30 days. (3) C
ONTRACTING POLICIES .—Each report shall, with respect to the matter specified in paragraph (1)(B) for the 1-year period pre-ceding the submittal of such report, include the following: (A) The number of veterans that the Sec-retary refers to non-Department audiologists for hearing health care appointments. (B) The number of veterans that the Sec-retary refers to non-Department hearing aid specialists for follow-up appointments for a hearing aid evaluation, the dispensing of hearing aids, or any other purpose relating to hearing health. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 17, 2016, at 11:55 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee On Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 17, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Sophia Vogt and Emily Douglas, legislative fellow in my office, be granted the privilege of the floor for the remainder of this Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Major—Lieu-tenant Colonel-select—Chivis, our de-fense fellow, be granted the privileges of the floor for the rest of this session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. 2873 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 11 a.m. on Tuesday, November 29, the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. 2873 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. I further ask consent that the Alexander substitute amendment No. 5110 be agreed to, that there be up to 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and following the use or yielding back of that time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TOM STAGG FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the message to accompany S. 2754. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 2754) entitled ‘‘An Act to designate the Fed-eral building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘Tom Stagg Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’.’’, do pass with amendments. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment and the House title amendment. I further ask unanimous consent that the motions be agreed to and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.052 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6493 November 17, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
R.E. THOMASON FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Environment and Public Works be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 5873 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5873) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5873) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PRESCRIBED BURN APPROVAL ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be discharged from further consideration of S. 3395 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3395) to require limitations on prescribed burns. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3395) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3395 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Prescribed Burn Approval Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) N
ATIONAL FIRE DANGER RATING SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘national fire danger rating system’’ means the national system used to provide a measure of fire danger according to a range of low to moderate to high to very high to extreme. (2) PRESCRIBED BURN .—The term ‘‘pre-scribed burn’’ means a planned fire inten-tionally ignited. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATIONS ON PRESCRIBED BURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary shall not au-thorize a prescribed burn on Forest Service land if, for the county or contiguous county in which the land is located, the national fire danger rating system indicates an extreme fire danger level. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may au-thorize a prescribed burn under a condition described in subsection (a) if the Secretary coordinates with the applicable State gov-ernment and local fire officials. (c) R
EPORT .—At the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port describing— (1) the number and locations of prescribed burns during that fiscal year; and (2) each prescribed burn during that fiscal year that was authorized by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (b). f 
VETERANS MOBILITY SAFETY ACT OF 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 3471 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3471) to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Moran amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 5111) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 3471), as amended, was passed. 
f 
AMENDING TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, TO EXPAND LAW ENFORCEMENT AVAILABILITY PAY TO EMPLOYEES OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION’S AIR AND MARINE OPER-ATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4902 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 4902) to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4902) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
SECURITY CLEARANCE ACCOUNT-ABILITY, REFORM, AND EN-HANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 453, S. 434. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 434) to strengthen the account-ability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background inves-tigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing back-ground investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 434) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 434 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Security Clearance Accountability, Reform, and En-hancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—SECURITY CLEARANCE AC-COUNTABILITY, REFORM, AND EN-HANCEMENT Sec. 101. Definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.054 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6494 November 17, 2016 
Sec. 102. Accountability of individuals in-volved in misconduct affecting the integrity of agency back-ground investigations. Sec. 103. Review and update of position des-ignation guidance. TITLE II—PREVENTING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WITH CONTRACTORS Sec. 201. Definitions. Sec. 202. Limitation on contracting to pre-vent organizational conflicts of interest. TITLE I—SECURITY CLEARANCE AC-COUNTABILITY, REFORM, AND EN-HANCEMENT 
SEC. 101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto; (2) the term ‘‘appropriate agency’’ means— (A) in the case of a prime contractor for a covered contract, the agency with which the prime contractor entered the covered con-tract; or (B) in the case of a subcontractor for a cov-ered contract, any agency on whose behalf the subcontractor is performing work under the covered contract; (3) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (4) the term ‘‘background investigation’’ means any investigation required for the purpose of determining the— (A) eligibility of a covered individual for logical and physical access to federally con-trolled facilities or information systems; (B) suitability or fitness of a covered indi-vidual for Federal employment; (C) eligibility of a covered individual for access to classified information or to hold a national security sensitive position; or (D) fitness of a covered individual to per-form work for or on behalf of the United States Government as a contractor em-ployee; (5) the term ‘‘covered contract’’ means a contract to conduct background investiga-tions— (A) between an agency and a prime con-tractor; (B) between a prime contractor and a sub-contractor, if the prime contractor has a contract with an agency; or (C) between subcontractors, if one of the subcontractors has a contract with a prime contractor that has a contract with an agen-cy; (6) the term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual who— (A) performs work for or on behalf of an agency; or (B) seeks to perform work for or on behalf of an agency; (7) the term ‘‘covered misconduct’’ means misconduct affecting the integrity of a back-ground investigation conducted by or for an agency with investigative authority to con-duct background investigations, including— (A) falsification of any information relat-ing to a background investigation; or (B) other serious misconduct that com-promises the integrity of a background in-vestigation; (8) the term ‘‘prime contractor’’ means an individual who enters into a contract with an agency; and (9) the term ‘‘subcontractor’’ means an in-dividual who has contracted with a prime contractor or with another subcontractor to perform a contract on behalf of an agency. SEC. 102. ACCOUNTABILITY OF INDIVIDUALS IN-VOLVED IN MISCONDUCT AFFECT-ING THE INTEGRITY OF AGENCY BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) M ISCONDUCT BY FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— (1) U
NFIT FOR FEDERAL EMPLOYMENT .—If an agency determines that an employee of the agency has engaged in covered misconduct, the employee shall be found unfit for Federal employment. (2) F
ITNESS DETERMINATIONS .—An agency shall make a determination under paragraph (1) in accordance with any statutory, regu-latory, or internal agency procedures appli-cable to investigating alleged misconduct by employees of the agency. (3) P
ROHIBITION ON REEMPLOYMENT TO CON -
DUCT BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—If an agency determines under paragraph (1) that an individual is unfit for Federal employ-ment, the individual shall not be appointed to or continue to occupy a position, as an employee of any agency, that requires its oc-cupant to perform background investiga-tions. (b) M
ISCONDUCT BY EMPLOYEES UNDER CON-
TRACT .— (1) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR PERFORMANCE OF  
WORK UNDER A COVERED CONTRACT .—If an ap- propriate agency, prime contractor, or sub-contractor determines that an individual performing work under a covered contract has engaged in covered misconduct, the indi-vidual shall be ineligible to perform back-ground investigations under a covered con-tract. (2) M
ANDATORY DISCLOSURE .—A covered contract shall include a provision requiring a prime contractor or subcontractor to dis-close to each appropriate agency any allega-tion of covered misconduct by an employee of the prime contractor or subcontractor not later than 24 hours after the prime con-tractor or subcontractor discovers the al-leged covered misconduct. (3) I
NVESTIGATION OF COVERED MIS -
CONDUCT .— (A) C
ONTRACTOR INVESTIGATION .—A covered contract shall include a provision requiring that, not later than 5 business days after the date on which a prime contractor or subcon-tractor discloses an allegation under para-graph (2), the prime contractor or subcon-tractor shall refer the allegation of covered misconduct to the agency for investigation. (B) A
GENCY INVESTIGATION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed to pro-hibit an appropriate agency from conducting its own investigation into an allegation of covered misconduct. (4) P
ROHIBITION ON REEMPLOYMENT TO CON -
DUCT BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—If an ap- propriate agency determines, based on an in-vestigation conducted under paragraph (3), that an individual is ineligible to perform work under a covered contract under para-graph (1), the individual shall be prohibited from performing background investigations under any covered contract. (5) M
ODIFICATION OF EXISTING CONTRACTS .— Not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, any covered contract that is in effect and was entered into before the date of enactment of this Act shall be modified to include the provisions required under paragraphs (2) and (3). (c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report providing— (1) the number of individuals determined to be— (A) unfit for Federal employment under subsection (a); or (B) ineligible to perform work under a cov-ered contract under subsection (b); and (2) details of the covered misconduct that resulted in each determination described in paragraph (1). SEC. 103. REVIEW AND UPDATE OF POSITION DESIGNATION GUIDANCE. 
(a) G UIDELINES .— (1) I
NITIAL REVIEW AND UPDATE OF GUID -
ANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall review and, if appropriate, update the guid-ance the President issues to assist agencies in determining— (A) position sensitivity designation; and (B) the appropriate background investiga-tion to initiate for each position designation. (2) R
EVIEWS AND REVISIONS OF POSITION DES -
IGNATIONS .—Not less frequently than every 5 years, the President, acting through relevant agencies (as determined by the President) and in accordance with the guidance de-scribed in paragraph (1), shall review and, if necessary, revise the position designation of positions within agencies. (b) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after completing a review under sub-section (a)(2), the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— (1) any issues identified in the review; and (2) the number of position designations re-vised as a result of the review. (c) N
OCHANGE IN AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section limits or expands the authority of any agency to designate a position as sen-sitive or as requiring its occupant to have access to classified information. TITLE II—PREVENTING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WITH CONTRACTORS 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (A) an Executive agency (as defined in sec-tion 105 of title 5, United States Code); (B) a military department (as defined in section 102 of title 5, United States Code); (C) an element of the intelligence commu-nity (as that term is defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (D) the United States Postal Service; and (E) the Postal Regulatory Commission; (2) the term ‘‘background investigation fieldwork services’’ means the investigatory fieldwork conducted to determine the eligi-bility of an individual for logical and phys-ical access to federally controlled facilities or information systems, suitability or fitness for Federal employment, eligibility for ac-cess to classified information or to hold a na-tional security sensitive position, or fitness to perform work for or on behalf of the Fed-eral Government as a contractor or em-ployee, including— (A) interviews of the individual, the em-ployer of the individual, former employers of the individual, and friends, family, and other sources who might have relevant knowledge of the individual; and (B) reviews of— (i) educational and employment records; (ii) criminal and other legal records; and (iii) credit history; (3) the term ‘‘background investigation support services’’ means the clerical, admin-istrative, and technical support services pro-vided to various functions critical to the background investigation process, includ-ing— (A) initial processing and scheduling of in-vestigative requests; (B) information technology and informa-tion technology support; (C) file maintenance; (D) imaging or copying of investigation documents; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.066 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6495 November 17, 2016 
(E) mail processing; and (4) the term ‘‘quality review process’’ means performing the final quality review of a background investigation to ensure inves-tigative, administrative, and other required standards have been met before the com-pleted background investigation is delivered to the adjudicating agency. 
SEC. 202. LIMITATION ON CONTRACTING TO PRE-VENT ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, after the date of enactment of this Act, a contract may not be entered into, and an extension of or option on a contract may not be exercised, with a contractor to conduct a quality review process relating to back-ground investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services if the contractor is performing the services to be reviewed. f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF NOVEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BLADDER HEALTH MONTH’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 604. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 604) expressing sup-port for the designation of November 2016 as ‘‘National Bladder Health Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 604) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 29, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DRIVE SAFER SUNDAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 617, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 617) designating No-vember 27, 2016, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 617) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COMMENDING AND CONGRATU-LATING THE CHICAGO CUBS ON THEIR 2016 WORLD SERIES VIC-TORY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 618, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 618) commending and congratulating the Chicago Cubs on their 2016 World Series victory. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 618) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President Pro Tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2016, THROUGH MONDAY, NO-VEMBER 28, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, No-vember 18, at 9:30 a.m.; Tuesday, No-vember 22, at 11 a.m.; Friday, Novem-ber 25, at 11 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, November 25, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, November 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of Proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; fi-nally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
PROGRAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, the first rollcall vote following the Thanksgiving recess will occur at 11:30 a.m., Tuesday, November 29, on passage of S. 2873, the ECHO Act. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator P
ORTMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
HEROIN AND PRESCRIPTION DRUG EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I thank the majority leader for allowing me to speak briefly. I rise to talk about an issue that is affecting every State represented in this body; that is, this heroin and prescription drug epidemic. Unfortunately, opioids is an issue that is very much present in my home State of Ohio right now. We have seen over the last 48 hours, 10 overdoses in one rural county in North Central Ohio, Seneca County. We are told that already in Lucas County in the Toledo area there have been 150 overdoses in the last few weeks of this month, head-ing toward, unfortunately, what will be a record. This issue is affecting families, it is tearing apart families, it is affecting communities, it is causing crime. Pret-ty much every county in Ohio tells me that the No. 1 cause of crime now is the heroin, prescription drug, opioid issue. A lot of thefts are being reported be-cause of it but also other crimes which result from people being torn apart from their families, from their commu-nity, from their jobs based on this ad-diction. I come to the floor to talk about a re-port that was issued today by the U.S. Surgeon General. This report is about addiction in America. I applaud the Surgeon General for putting it out there. It is an 11-page report. If you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO6.066 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6496 November 17, 2016 
haven’t had a chance to look at it yet, I hope you will. I hope it will raise awareness around our country of this issue. It talks about something incredibly important as to how we approach it, which is that addiction is a disease and should be treated as such. As the Sur-geon General says, this is not a moral failing but rather it is like other dis-eases—something that actually changes your brain and creates a prob-lem that must be dealt with through treatment and longer term recovery just as would be the case of other dis-eases. I think that alone is a signifi-cant finding by the Surgeon General, to help us come up with the right poli-cies to address it but also raise aware-ness in communities around the coun-try. The first chapter of this report talks about something this Chamber has spent a lot of time on, which is the im-portance of prevention and education. It talks about the need to look at this from a science perspective. It talks about the need to look at it in terms of longer term recovery. That summary in the first chapter is again something I would commend everybody to read just to sort of bring you up to speed, if you haven’t been, on the importance of this issue and importance of addressing it. The next chapter focuses on the science behind addiction. This is con-sistent with a conference we had in Washington, DC, almost a year ago now—Senator W
HITEHOUSE and my-self—in anticipation of proposing legis-lation in this area. We brought in ex-perts from all over the country to talk about the science behind addiction, why it happens, how it happens. As was indicated earlier, that was something that led us to focus on the fact that ad-diction is a disease. It is something that impacts the brain. The brain re-sponds to chemical substances in cer-tain ways for certain people, and that addiction is something that has to be addressed through, again, treatment and longer term recovery. The legislation we came up with after this, by the way, is called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act. That legislation was passed late in the summer. It is now in the process of being implemented by the administration. I encourage the Sur-geon General, with his great 11-page re-port, to also focus on implementing this legislation as soon as possible, in-cluding in this area of treating it as a disease. The next chapter talks about a key component, which is prevention and education. It talks about the need for us to use evidence-based techniques around the country. Again, this legisla-tion—the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, also known as CARA— focuses on this and starts a national awareness campaign to make this link between prescription drugs and heroin. Sadly, many people who are on her-oin—probably four out of five people who are addicted to heroin—started with prescription drugs. Sometimes it was because of an accident or an injury where someone was prescribed a pain-killer that was addictive that then led to the addiction and then led to the use of heroin as a less-expensive and some-times more accessible alternative to it. I think that issue of prevention and education is incredibly important. The take-back programs on pharma-ceuticals is also important. The anti- drug coalitions supported in our legis-lation are also important. This is all part of how to get people from falling into this funnel of addiction, which is to do a much better job of explaining the problem and understanding the link particularly between prescription drugs and these other opioids. The next chapter talks about how we treat addiction. This talks about the need for us to get people out of the criminal justice system and into treat-ment. Our legislation helps in that as well by providing funds for diversion programs to ensure that people who are addicted are not simply locked up but are also given the opportunity to be able to get into a treatment program and into a longer term recovery pro-gram. The next chapter of this report also talks about recovery. CARA is the first legislation to actually fund recovery. I think we need to do even more in this area, but we certainly learned again from conferences in Washington, DC, over the last few years, that the suc-cess rate is increased dramatically where you have not just a short-term treatment program but a longer term program of recovery, where people are surrounded by those who support them, and specifically sober housing arrange-ments and other ways to support peo-ple with a supportive environment rather than going back to the old gang or the old family or the old environ-ment. Again, the report today does a good job of talking about that and the importance of it. The Surgeon General has a fashion for this, a commitment to it, and I ap-plaud him for that. I do hope again that he focuses on this legislation. We have now passed it with the support of the administration. The President has signed it. The report does not mention the legislation, but it is consistent with every aspect of this report today. This report, I hope, will raise aware-ness nationally, as I said, but I hope it also raises awareness of the need to move very quickly to put in place the grant programs that need to be there to help on prevention, education, treat-ment, and recovery, help our law en-forcement community and other first responders to be able to get access to Narcan—this miracle drug that re-verses the effects of an overdose—help to provide the training, help to ensure we do have more drug take-back pro-grams around the country. These Fed-eral programs need to be put in place right away to allow the Federal Gov-ernment to be a better partner with State and local government and with our communities and with our families to be able to reverse the tide on this issue that has, unfortunately, gripped my State and so many other States around the country. I look forward to continuing to work with the Surgeon General on this issue. Again, I commend this report today to your attention. I hope we will be able as a Congress to continue to provide the funding, as we have in the short- term spending that is in effect right now. We provided funding to ensure this legislation can be set up so we can stand up these programs and get this started. We need to continue that ef-fort and, I think, redouble our efforts, including passing additional legislation as it becomes apparent it is needed. One piece of legislation I hope we move on, in addition to the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, is legislation to try to stop some of these synthetic drugs from coming into our communities. Carfentanil, fentanyl, and U–4 and other synthetic heroins are coming in increasingly from overseas—China, India, and other places. They come by mail. There is a way for us to be able to reduce that simply by requiring that those who send products by mail have the same requirements you would have if you were FedEx or UPS or a private car-rier—to know where it is coming from and what is in it and where it is going and have that information being pro-vided in advance electronically. Based on law enforcement officials, that will help us to be able to stem the tide of these poisons coming into our commu-nities and infecting our families, our children. These are all issues this Congress has taken up over the last 6 months with legislation, with specific programs, and I hope we can continue to fund that now, to get the administration to set up these programs, and to ensure that we are in a position to respond as new dangers arise, as we have seen with synthetic heroin coming from overseas. I thank the Presiding Officer for giv-ing me time today to talk about this. Again, I commend this report today by the Surgeon General to be able to in-crease awareness and to ensure that every community in America is armed with the facts and the information to be able to push back and to help save lives and restore lives of those ad-dicted. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 619, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 619) recognizing Na-tional Native American Heritage Month and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.060 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6497 November 17, 2016 
celebrating the heritages and cultures of Na-tive Americans and the contributions of Na-tive Americans to the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 619) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:07 p.m., adjourned until Friday, November 18, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17NO6.061 S17NOPT1rfrederick on DSK30MX082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1503 November 17, 2016 
PROHIBITING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY FROM AUTHOR-IZING CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO COMMERCIAL PAS-SENGER AIRCRAFT TO IRAN 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5711, which would pro-hibit the Secretary of the Treasury from au-thorizing the U.S. financing of commercial air-craft exports to the Islamic Republic of Iran. It would be unacceptable to export U.S. planes to Iran Air, a state-owned carrier, which faced sanctions by the Treasury in 2011 for transporting fighters and weapons for the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps. By author-izing the sales of U.S. planes to the Iranian re-gime, the Obama Administration would be pro-viding material support to the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism. The United States should not allow the sale of aircraft to Iran, when it is known they will eventually be used for illicit purposes. 
f 
MRS. JUANITA C. HAYES 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mrs. Juanita C. Hayes for her years of service to the communities of the greater San Diego area. Mrs. Hayes is a vital member of our local societies and is well-known in the public rela-tions sector of San Diego. Prior to working at the San Diego Gas & Electric Company (SDG&E), she owned a consulting business for eighteen years. With her own company, she helped to coordinate successful, high pro-file events such as the 1985 Presidential/Vice Presidential Inaugural Gala, the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, San Diego’s Super Bowl XXXII Radio City Productions, and the National Re-publican Conventions of 1988, 1992, and 1996. Mrs. Hayes additionally dedicated time in public service as the Chief of Staff to former California State Assemblywoman Tricia Hun-ter. In addition to her success in private enter-prises, Mrs. Hayes has provided decades of mentorship to nonprofit organizations, civic groups, and other small business owners in the San Diego region. She has held crucial community leadership positions, such as the Chief Executive Officer of the San Marcos Chamber of Commerce, where membership grew by over one hundred businesses during her tenure. As she joined SDG&E in 2005, she also became the Director of Outreach and Development for the College of Business Ad-ministration at the California State University San Marcos. Mrs. Hayes has spent the last eleven years with SDG&E, focusing on critical infrastructure and energy programs to maintain reliability for the thousands of customers it supplies. Now retiring as Public Affairs Manager, I commend Mrs. Juanita C. Hayes for her decades of service to the community, and send best wish-es to her and her husband, Dr. Ash Hayes, as they enjoy her new retirement in San Marcos, California. f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNTERRIFIED DEMOCRAT ON ITS 150TH YEAR OF CIRCULATION 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a small-town newspaper in my district, the Unterrified Democrat, on their 150th Anniversary. The Unterrified Democrat began publication in Osage County, Missouri on July 3, 1866. The Unterrified Democrat was founded by southern Democrat Colonel Lebbeus Zevely. His inspiration to publish the newspaper was to showcase his opposition of the political ide-ology of his day. While Colonel Zevely may have been a southern Democrat that did not mean that he was a Confederate supporter. Colonel Zevely firmly believed in preserving the Union. The Colonel was known to be a stubborn man and therefore was given the nickname, Unterrified Democrat. From this nickname, came the name of the newspaper. The Unterrified Democrat was passed down through multiple generations of the Zevely family. In 1969, the Zevely family sold the newspaper to Norman and Jane Troesser. Then in 1979, the Unterrified Democrat was purchased by Bradley H. Lockenvitz. In 1980, Ralph and Jerry Voss purchased the Unterrified Democrat. Ralph and Jerry Voss had bought the Osage County Observer in 1969 and with the purchase of the Unterrified Democrat merged the two newspapers to-gether. When the Voss family purchased the Unterrified Democrat there was some consid-eration to changing the name as there were occasional discussions about if the newspaper had political leanings. Ultimately, the decision was made to continue on with the Unterrified Democrat name as the Osage County resi-dents were familiar with that name. According to Jerry Voss, the name Unterrified Democrat has pizazz that creates interest and recogni-tion. In 1978, Ralph Voss decided to become a public servant and run for the local judge. For twenty-three years, he served on the bench. In 2003, Ralph returned to working at the news-paper. During his time as judge, Jerry ran the Unterrified Democrat. To this day, the Voss family works together to stuff the newspaper with advertising inserts. Ralph and Jerry’s grandchildren help with the delivery of papers to the local businesses. As a successful small business and a staple of the Osage County community I ask you to join me in recognizing the Unterrified Demo-crat as they celebrate their 150th year of cir-culation. f 
TRIBUTE TO BEV AND REV. DEAN BAER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Bev and Rev. Dean Baer on their 50th wedding anni-versary. Their lifelong commitment to each other truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend Bev and Rev. Dean Baer on their 50th wedding anniversary. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Bev and Rev. Dean Baer on this mo-mentous occasion. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT GENERAL PETE TAYLOR, U.S. ARMY, RE-TIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lieutenant General Pete Tay-lor, U.S. Army, Retired, of Belton, Texas, for his dedication to our country while serving over 33 years in the Army. LTG Taylor exem-plifies what it means to commit his life to his country and has more than earned our admi-ration and respect. He is a deserving recipient of a Congressional Veterans Commendation. LTG Taylor has more than 33 years of Sen-ior Executive experience as a commissioned officer in the U.S. Army. He has led organiza-tions at every level, culminating with his ap-pointment as Commanding General of III corps at Fort Hood, Texas. For his service and actions in combat, LTG Taylor has been awarded two Distinguished Service Medals, the Legion of Merit, Distinguished Flying Cross, two Bronze Stars and two Army Com-mendation Medals for valor. LTG Taylor has focused his career on leading, training, plan-ning, operations, and crisis management. After retiring from the U.S. Army in 1993, LTG Taylor continued to dedicate his time to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.001 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1504 November 17, 2016 
worthy causes. His leadership skills have been invaluable throughout his post-military career. LTG Taylor served as one of five congres-sionally appointed members on the Overseas Basing Commission, is founder and the cur-rent chairman of The Heart of Texas Defense Alliance, and founded and served as chairman of the Military Child Education Coalition. From 2006 to 2010, LTG Taylor assisted the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention in the development and implementation of their influ-enza pandemic response plan as well as the ongoing testing and refinement of that plan through training drills and exercises, which paid great dividends in the successful re-sponse to H1N1 in 2009. I commend LTG Taylor’s selfless service to his community and nation. His dedication to our country and community reflects the best values of central Texas. I join his family and friends in saluting his great work and dedica-tion to our country. 
f 
HONORING MRS. VIVIAN DOTSON JONES ON HER ATTAINMENT OF ‘‘DIAMOND SOROR’’ STATUS FOR 75 YEARS OF SERVICE TO ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY INCOR-PORATED 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Vivian Dotson Jones on her attainment of ‘‘Diamond Soror’’ status for 75 years of service to Alpha Kappa Alpha So-rority, Incorporated. She has dedicated years of service to the Alpha Iota chapter at Lincoln University and the entire Jefferson City com-munity. In 1941, Vivian was initiated into Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Incorporated, Alpha Zeta Chapter at Langston University in Langston, Oklahoma. Vivian has been an active member of the Alpha Zeta Chapter and throughout the years has held the office of Sergeant at Arms, Corresponding Secretary, Hospitality Chair, Meditation Chair, and chapter representative to local organizations. Numerous young ladies have been positively impacted by Vivian’s out-standing service to the undergraduate chapter, Alpha Iota at Lincoln University. Vivian has served as undergraduate advisor to the Alpha Iota Chapter for more than 20 years. On June 30, 1921, Vivian was born in Cleveland, Ohio. During her childhood, her fa-ther was a Baptist preacher and with that moved his family to different places including Indiana, Nebraska, and Oklahoma. Vivian graduated from Langston University with a Bachelor of Science degree in English. While attending college in Oklahoma, Vivian met and married her husband, Lucius. They had two children, Vivian E. and Lucius D. Vivian, Lucius, and their children enjoyed going to the movies, taking family vacations, and spending time together as a family. In 1948, Vivian and Lucius moved to Jeffer-son City and Lucius started his career at Lin-coln University. Eventually, Lucius became the print shop director and in 2010 the print shop was named the Lucius Jones Print Shop. Viv-ian worked for DeVerne L. Calloway, who was the first black female state legislator in the state of Missouri for six years. In 1969, Vivian started her career as secretary for Lincoln Uni-versity’s president, Dr. Walter Daniel. Vivian went on to work for three more presidents, two interim presidents, a chief executive officer, and an acting president. After 20 years of committed work, Vivian retired in 1989. Vivian has also been committed to her com-munity by serving on the local and state chap-ters of the Parent Teacher Association, has held office on the Missouri Parent Teacher Board of Managers, and mentored students at Jefferson City High School. Vivian has en-joyed her membership at Second Baptist Church and served as the church clerk for 25 years. During Vivian’s years of service with the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, she has inspired countless young ladies to become more effec-tive members of the sorority. Her legacy will continue to live on through the lives she has impacted through mentoring and teaching. I ask you to join me in recognizing Mrs. Viv-ian Dotson Jones on this momentous occasion of attaining ‘‘Diamond Soror’’ status for 75 years of service to the Alpha Kappa Alpha So-rority, Incorporated. f 
JEFFERSON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF PRO-VIDING THE MILITARY COMMU-NITY AT FORT DRUM WITH COL-LEGE PROGRAMMING 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and to recognize Jefferson Community College as it celebrates a 30 year partnership with Fort Drum, during which, it has provided the Fort Drum community with access to im-portant college programing. Located in Water-town, New York, the college first began offer-ing courses to members of the Fort Drum community and their families in 1986, devel-oping a strong partnership that has continued to grow over the years. It is imperative that we not only support our military members, but that we support their families as well, and one way we can do this is by providing the resources and community backing they need and rightly deserve. This partnership between Jefferson Community College and Fort Drum shows the dedication our region has to the Fort Drum community, as well as our commitment to growth through educational opportunities. This partnership has a proven record of success in enabling our military personnel and their families to achieve their long and short term goals, and serves as an important example for similar communities across the country. Congratulations to Jefferson Community College for continuing your commitment to education and to our military members and their families. I want to wish the staff, faculty, and students of Jefferson Community College continued success in the future. IRAN SANCTIONS EXTENSION ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of extending the option of sanctions against Iran by passage of H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act, which reauthorizes the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 for 10 years. As a Senior Member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, I am very much aware of what is at stake in the work done by President Obama to ensure that Iran does not have the breakout capacity to build a nuclear weapon. Events over this Congress make it clear that Congress should be even more vigilant in pro-viding for the protection of the United States. Congress should be mindful of the: United States’ leadership in the effort to forge an enforceable and verifiable nuclear agreement with Iran; and Deadliness of chemical weapons when they were used during the Syrian conflict against unarmed men, women, and children. H.R. 6297, allows Congress the option to impose sanctions, but does renew the imposi-tion of sanctions. As Congress continues to review the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), which resulted in the significant reduction in Iran’s capabilities to develop a nuclear weap-on, we must continue the peaceful and verifiable efforts to cut off Iran’s pathways to a nuclear weapon. President Obama and current and former Secretary of State John Kerry and Hillary Clin-ton were successful in the pursuit of global sanctions and gained the cooperation of the world, including Russia and China, which was critical in bringing the Iranians to the negotia-tion table on their nuclear arms program. We should retain in our arsenal the option to impose sanctions so that if necessary the United States can act quickly to coordinate a global response to any threat posed by Iran’s verified breach of the JCPOA. Declaring sanctions for the sake of declaring sanctions against Iran should never be the ob-jective, nor should we forget that the effective-ness of sanctions are their global nature. Under President Obama’s brilliant leader-ship the United States had the stature around the globe to impose sanctions, and the diplo-matic ties to gain global cooperation to expand participation in Iranian sanctions because we could make the case that Iran’s nuclear pro-gram posed an international threat to peace and stability. The United States is the world’s foremost authority on radiological weapons grade mate-rial detection and source identification. The Department of Homeland Security is leading the effort through its Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO) to create a Global Nuclear Detection Architecture, which should be aggressively supported with sufficient fund-ing by Congress. Recognizing the threat posed by nuclear and other radioactive materials, DNDO was created by National Security Presidential Di-rective (NSPD)–43 and Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.003 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1505 November 17, 2016 
Presidential Directive (HSPD)–3.4 and subse-quently codified by Title V of the Security and Accountability For Every (SAFE) Port Act (Pub. L. No. 109–347), which amended the Homeland Security Act of 2002. A key area that the United States has fo-cused its capabilities and resources is block-ing the enrichment of radioactive materials for weapons use; and the detection of radioactive materials that would pose a threat to public safety and health. There are several material facts that must be understood about weapons grade radio-active material—each nation’s process for re-fining nuclear material for use in a weapon is unique. Radioactive material has a unique spectrum range and composition that is akin to signa-tures that cannot be confused with other sources of radioactive material both natural and manmade. The first essential fact is that having sam-ples and data from Iranian facilities where ma-terials in Iran were produced established the radiological signatures for materials that could have only come from those facilities or from processes that follow the methods used by the Iranian nuclear physicists who developed their program. The United States has those samples and the data needed to identify material from Ira-nian efforts to purify radiological materials. The second essential fact is that radiological material leaves evidence of its presence long after it may have been removed from an area. The physical evidence of centrifuges; stor-age facilities or weapons themselves are not the only evidence that may convict Iran of vio-lation of the agreement; it can also be the unique Iranian radiation trail left behind during any attempt to refine or purify radiological ma-terial for use in a weapon or the transfer of even small quantities of material that is gen-erated or sourced by the Iranians. The third essential fact is that if the Iranians need special centrifuges to refine radiological material to a point that it may be used for a weapon. H.R. 6297 assures that any attempt by the Iranians to cheat by refining more radiological material than is allowed will be detected and Congress would be prepared to impose a sanctions regime. Another significant signal of Iranian violation would be the unique signature of the sound made by centrifuges that are used to purify ra-diological material. The sound of these massive centrifuges will be detectable many miles away from where they are operated—and the United States has the resources in place in cooperation with al-lies around the world to detect if enrichment activity is occurring. Operating more centrifuges than is allowed by the agreement would be a actionable sign that Iran is seeking to purify more radioactive material than is allowed by the agreement. This is important to the timeline in calcu-lating the time to breakout—having enough enriched material to use in a weapon. The final essential fact is that the United States has satellite surveillance and ground surveillance capability to detect in great detail activity on the ground. The United States used these resources to identify nuclear arms activity that informed the administration of the severity of the issue and used that evidence to galvanize international support for one of the most successful embar-goes in human history. For these reasons, I will join my colleagues in supporting passage of this bipartisan effort to extend by 10 years the period that sanc-tions may be applied to Iran. I urge you to join me in support of this bill and the excellent work of the Obama Adminis-tration in making the world much safer from nuclear threats. 
f 
HONORING MR. LARRY HORSTDANIEL, A KOREAN WAR VETERAN CELEBRATING THE 63RD ANNIVERSARY OF HIS BAR-BERSHOP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a veteran and small business-man in my district, Mr. Larry Horstdaniel as he celebrates his 63rd Anniversary as a barber and serving the Jefferson City community. Along with his entrepreneurial spirit, Mr. Horstdaniel served valiantly in the Korean War. After growing up in Westphalia, Missouri, Mr. Horstdaniel attended Moler Barber School in St. Louis, MO. In the 1950’s he moved to Jefferson City, Missouri and began working as a barber. In 1971, Mr. Horstdaniel opened his own barber shop at 224 Madison Street, Jef-ferson City, Missouri. He has been located in the same location since 1971 and has become a staple of the local community. Mr. Horstdaniel says that he only does two things, ‘‘cut hair and grass.’’ At the age of 88 years old, he continues to work most of the week, but does take Wednesdays off, to mow his lawn, and also Sundays. In 2014, Missouri Governor Jay Nixon vis-ited Mr. Horstdaniel for a haircut and to honor him for his service in the Korean War. Mr. Horstdaniel was awarded a Korean War Serv-ice Medal from Governor Nixon for his sac-rifice to our nation. Mr. Horstdaniel says that his favorite aspect of his job is that he gets to meet a variety of people with great stories and backgrounds. He says that, ‘‘Each day is different. It’s what keeps me here. The politicians in town are what have kept me in business over the years.’’ When asked what Mr. Horstdaniel’s secret to life is, he said, ‘‘Drink two scotches every evening before your meal, and you’ll live to be 100!’’ He also stated that he has just a few years left working in the barbering indus-try, as he plans to retire when he is 90 years old. As an honorable veteran of our armed forces, a successful businessman and a cor-nerstone of our community, I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. Larry Horstdaniel as he celebrates this 63rd Anniversary of his busi-ness. TRIBUTE TO JULIA AND DARWIN WILLIAMS HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Julia and Darwin Williams on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Julia and Darwin were married on Sep-tember 4, 1966, and now reside in Villisca, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
ON THE PASSING OF GEORGE H. WEDGWORTH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of my good friend, George H. Wedgworth. A leader and icon of the Florida agricultural industry, George’s contribution to the Glades community cannot be overstated and will be felt for generations to come. In 1960, George founded the Sugar Cane Growers Cooperative of Florida. During his more than 50 years as the organization’s lead-er, George grew the Cooperative into the sin-gle largest employer in Belle Glade, Florida. Today, as a result of George’s leadership and vision, the Cooperative, along with its partner, Florida Crystals Corporation, own the largest sugar refining company in the world, account-ing for 6 million tons of refined sugar capacity and net sales of $4 billion annually. George’s professional success led him to be named Sugar Man of the Year in 2005. But his success and impact in our community was not limited to the sugar industry. Throughout his long career, George was president and di-rector of numerous organizations, including the Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association, and the Florida and Belle Glade Chambers of Commerce. In the 1950s he also founded the Florida Celery Exchange. His contributions to the agricultural industry led to his introduction into The Florida Agricultural Hall of Fame in 1994 and to being named one of Florida’s ‘‘Most Influential Men’’ by Florida Trend maga-zine. For those that had the pleasure of knowing George, they know all about the impact he had in his community. George grew up in the Glades and is as much a part of its history as the sugar cane that is grown there. Moving from Mississippi to Belle Glade, Florida with his family when he was 2, George went on to graduate from Belle Glade High School. Leav-ing the area for only a short time to attend Michigan State College, now Michigan State University, where he earned a degree in agri-cultural engineering, he returned to the Glades 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.005 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1506 November 17, 2016 
and lived much of his life in the same one- story concrete block house his mother, Ruth, built in 1941. Mr. Speaker, in an interview speaking about the Glades, George once remarked, ‘‘I’ve never had the desire to go anywhere else.’’ That was the kind of man George was; a man who grew up in the Glades and through hard work and dedication went on to positively transform the fabric of our community. George H. Wedgworth will be remembered as a titan of Florida agriculture, but more importantly he will be remembered as a pillar of the commu-nity that he loved. His legacy will live on for generations to come, and he will be dearly missed. 
f 
HONORING VISITATION OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN MARY PARISH ON ITS 150TH ANNIVERSARY AND VISITATION INTER–PARISH SCHOOL ON ITS 125TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Parish and Visitation Inter-Parish School in Vienna, Missouri. The parish will be cele-brating its 150th Anniversary on June 17, 2017 and the school will be celebrating its 125th Anniversary in 2018. Reverend John Goeldlin, a Catholic mis-sionary priest, became the first priest to pro-vide Catholic services to the community during the mid-1850’s. In the year 1859, the commu-nity of Vienna came together for its first Catholic worship service. Then in 1867, the first official Catholic church was built for the parishioners of Vienna. Vienna, Missouri is a small town with around 614 residents and they were thankful for a parish in their community. As the congregation began growing, a new church was built in 1885 to accommodate the additional parishioners. Reverend John Fugel was assigned in 1896 to lead the church and would remain the priest at Blessed Virgin Mary Parish for the next 40 years. In 1903 the first county Catholic newspaper, called the Home Adviser, was founded by Reverend Fugel. Starting in 1904 and finishing in 1909, Rev-erend Fugel led the parishioners in building a new Catholic church. This structure is still being used today. On September 8, 1909, Vis-itation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Parish was dedicated by the parishioners and Reverend Fugel. Currently, Reverend Matthew Flatley is the parish priest. For the children in the surrounding commu-nity, education was important so the first Visi-tation Inter-Parish School was established in 1893. The parishioners of Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Parish celebrated the opening of their new Catholic school building in 1926. To ensure its students would have a solid Catholic education, in 1953, the parish decided to build a convent for the Sisters Adorers of the Most Precious Blood who would teach the children. Throughout the years, Visitation Inter-Parish School has helped shape the lives of more than 1,000 stu-dents. The Visitation Inter-Parish School will be celebrating their 125th Anniversary in 2018. I ask you to join me in recognizing Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Parish and Visita-tion Inter-Parish School on this momentous occasion of their 150th and 125th Anniver-saries. The historic past and promising future of support, love, and encouragement that the church and school have provided to the com-munity will not be forgotten. f 
HONORING PRIVATE FIRST CLASS SHIRLEY STEPHENSON 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Private First Class Shirley Ste-phenson, of Salado, Texas, for her selfless dedication and service to our nation while serving under the Women’s Army Corps and her continued, unparalleled contributions to her community. I’m honored to award her a Congressional Veterans Commendation. PFC Stephenson entered the service in Houston, Texas in June 1959 where she would begin serving her country. Since her honorable discharge, PFC Stephenson has become a pillar in her community and has served and contributed in ways that exemplify the highest standards of service. Throughout PFC Stephenson’s life, she has served on multiple boards and community or-ganizations, such as the Harker Heights Parks and Recreation Board, the KPLE Christian Broadcasting Corporation Board and the Hope Pregnancy Centers Board. While dedicating her time to these institutions, she also served as the President of the Fort Hood Retired Offi-cers’ Wives Club, a Goodwill Ambassador to the Killeen Chamber of Commerce and served as the President of the Chisholm Trail Amer-ican Business Women Association. PFC Stephenson is both soldier and com-mitted activist. She has worked on numerous political, organized county conventions, and served as President of the Central Texas Re-publican Women from 2008 through 2010. PFC Stephenson’s hard work and service has not gone unnoticed. Along with her being honored by Governor Perry as a Yellow Rose of Texas, she’s received the Chisholm Trail ABWA, Salado, Woman of the Year and Hall of Fame award, as well as the Vietnam Serv-ice Award in May 2016. I commend Private First Class Shirley Stephenson’s selfless service to her commu-nity and nation. Her commitment to excellence and citizenship reflect the best values we hold as Americans. I join her family, friends and colleagues in saluting her great work and dedication to our country. 
f 
HONORING MR. HENRY F. MOZELL 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life outstanding service of Mr. Henry F. Mozell who passed away on Monday August 8, 2016. Mr. Mozell was born in Dover, North Caro-lina on Christmas Day, 1936. Immediately after moving to the Bay Area in 1955 Mr. Mozell started his legend of service by serving in the United States Military. During his time of service in the Navy, he also took it upon him-self to enroll at Laney College in Oakland and grew to love and appreciate his community. After completing his studies at Laney Col-lege, Mr. Mozell decided to study Urban Stud-ies at the University of California. It was known that the time he spent at the University of California had a profound influ-ence on his dedication to giving to commu-nities in need. f 
CONGRATULATING KAMERON GOETZ 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kameron Goetz—a distin-guished high school student from Coulee City, Washington, and a committed advocate for our nation’s veterans. Kameron was named a Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA) finalist for his speech during the 2016 ‘‘Na-tional Public Speaking II’’ competition. Earlier this year, Kameron contacted my congres-sional office and shared a copy of the speech he had delivered to the FBLA. I encourage all of my colleagues to read this speech, which details the life and service of Kameron’s grandfather, David Wayne Long, who volun-teered for the U.S. Army following his high school graduation and served honorably in the Vietnam War. For his service, Mr. Long was awarded numerous military awards and med-als, including the Parachutist Badge, Combat Infantryman’s badge, Bronze Star, and the Vi-etnamese Cross of Gallantry, as well as three Purple Hearts for wounds received in combat. Following his discharge from the U.S. Army, Mr. Long settled down in Washington, started a family, and became a successful business-man. However, as is far too common, Mr. Long returned from the war with wounds that cannot be seen by the naked eye and suffered from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) for much of his civilian life. Tragically, on Feb-ruary 3, 2014, David Wayne Long took his own life after a decades-long battle with PTSD. Mr. Long’s story is one that we hear far too often, as too many of our brave men and women serving in the Armed Forces return home from the battlefield and are faced with the mental wounds and memories from their time at war. Our veterans have made great sacrifices to ensure the rights and freedoms of all Americans are protected and we owe them a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid. However, we must ensure that our nation’s service-members receive the best care and treatment available, and we must also dedi-cate ourselves to supporting causes and orga-nizations that are working tirelessly to assist our country’s heroes as their own personal health battles continue. Kameron’s speech, as well as his dedication to helping our nation’s troops and veterans, has inspired me and many people around the country to give back and volunteer for efforts that help the brave men and women of our Armed Forces, past and present, who have sacrificed so much in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.007 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1507 November 17, 2016 
service to our country. The speech Kameron gave to FBLA is truly moving and his ongoing commitment to support our veterans should serve as an example for all Americans. I would like to thank Kameron and his family for their dedicated service and patriotism. I am honored to be able to include his remarks in the R
ECORD . 
SPEECH DELIVERED BY KAMERON GOETZ —FU-
TURE BUSINESS LEADERS OF AMERICA —NA-
TIONAL PUBLIC SPEAKING II COMPETITION , 2016 A little over two centuries ago a nation of men rose up, and threw off the yoke of op-pression that had been thrust upon them by a far away monarch. In acquiring their free-dom and breaking their bonds, many men laid down their lives. Today, it is because of their sacrifice that we are free. But this free-dom must be continually fought for in order to keep it. As members of FBLA, we strive to develop character, prepare for useful citizen-ship, and foster patriotism. At a minimum, every citizen of the United States should have similar goals. However, some have set and achieved much higher goals, while con-sequently paying a higher price. Today, I am going to tell you of one such person, and of the price he paid. There was a small town farm boy who grew up right here in Washington State. You could call him the ‘‘All-American Kid.’’ He was a hard worker, a good student, and an exceptional athlete. Once this All-American Kid graduated from high school, he was faced with an All-American decision. Join the Army or follow his mother’s advice to settle down and get married to his high school sweetheart. As much as he wanted to please his mother, he chose the Army. He quickly adapted to his new life, becoming an excel-lent soldier—1st in his class at Basic Train-ing. Once his training was complete, the All- American Kid was shipped off to a far away war, in a far away land, called Vietnam. In the sweltering jungles of Southeast Asia, he came face to face with the monsters of war. He saw things that no man, let alone any boy, should ever see. Then he came home. The All-American Kid had a Bronze Star on his chest for valor, the physical scars of three separate combat wounds, and the demons that accompanied the atrocities he had witnessed. He was a hero, but was not treated as such. As he stepped back onto U.S. soil for the first time in months, the All- American kid was spit on and berated. He was called a ‘‘butcher,’’ a ‘‘rapist,’’ and a ‘‘baby killer.’’ The All-American rushed past the names and moved on. The demons he brought back with him were pushed deep down, far away. He settled down, got married, started a fam-ily, and became a successful businessman. Life was great on the outside. But on the in-side, everything was much worse. His de-mons had never left him. For years they clawed, and ripped, and tore away at his very soul. And he fought, and he fought, and he fought back with everything he had. Finally, after years of fighting, he lost the fight. On February 3, 2014, my grandfather, David Wayne Long, the All-American Kid, suc-cumbed to his demons. He committed sui-cide. 58,000 men and women lost their lives under a Vietnam sky. An additional 100,000 came home, only to take their lives under their own roofs. Every day, twenty-two vet-erans kill themselves. With that number, we are losing 8,000 veterans a year. They are all suffering from the same common disease. This disease is Post Traumatic Stress Dis-order, or more commonly known as PTSD. PTSD won’t let you move on from what you have seen, heard, or done in traumatic cir-cumstances. It eats at you, slowly deterio-rating your very will to live. It cannot be cured, it cannot be stopped. But it can be treated. Foundations such as the Wounded Warrior Project are dedicated to helping men and women of the United States Armed Forces, past and present, recover from the physical and mental wounds of war. Specifi-cally for those suffering with mental afflic-tions, the people at WWP take them in and simply love on them. They make them feel appreciated. Now this is key, because one of the worst fears for every soldier is not the fear of death. It is the fear that they will come home and the people, who they would have died for on a daily basis, do not care. The Wounded Warrior Project can’t help veterans alone. They need support, and they need partners. We need to be that support, and we need to be those partners, because it is the men and women who have served our country for generations that have upheld our freedom. I am ready to stand up and give back. Rise up with me. Let’s all give back. Let’s give back to those who gave. f 
HONORING MILLER COUNTY SHER-IFF BILL ABBOTT ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Miller County Sheriff Bill Abbott on his upcoming re-tirement. As a native and resident of Miller County, I also happen to be one of Sheriff Ab-bott’s constituents. Sheriff Abbott is retiring from his position in December 2016. Sheriff Abbott has dedicated more than sixteen years of service to Miller County residents since his appointment to office on April 6, 1999. The en-thusiasm Sheriff Abbott has for his job hasn’t been lost over the years he has served. Even with that enthusiasm, Sheriff Abbott realizes that it is time for a change. As a Miller County resident, Sheriff Abbott has remained committed to his county, the people who reside in the county, and the state of Missouri. He comes from a family of public servants, some of whom served in law en-forcement and his mother, Kathryn, who worked in the dispatch office. He credits his success as Miller County Sheriff to the support he has received from his family and commu-nity members. Sheriff Abbott’s goal when he attained the position was to restore the public trust in the sheriff’s office. Around 640 square miles are encompassed within the Miller County Sheriff’s Department jurisdiction. Sheriff Abbott currently has eight road officers covering that area day and night and, additionally, has two detectives that also contribute their time to road work. There have been some difficult cases during his time as sheriff, including seven infant deaths in just a year and a half time span. While there have been some tough cases, there were also many good moments as well. Under Sheriff Abbott’s leadership, several positive changes in the jail and courthouse have occurred. Throughout the updates at the jail and court-house, Sheriff Abbott was committed to using vendors from the Miller County area. It was important to him to keep everything local. Sheriff Abbott attributes the successes of the sheriff’s office to the good staff and continuing support from the community. With this retirement, Sheriff Abbott will be able to enjoy more time with his wife, Linda, and their children, Gayle, Gwen, Chad, and Courtney. He will also undoubtedly treasure the extra moments he can spend with his fif-teen grandchildren. I know Sheriff Abbott is also looking forward to working more with the cattle that he and his son own. I ask you to join me in recognizing Sheriff Bill Abbott for his more than sixteen years of service to the Miller County Sheriff’s Depart-ment, the residents of the county, and the en-tire state of Missouri. f 
TRIBUTE TO JANICE AND RICK STONE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Janice and Rick Stone of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on August 6, 2016. Janice and Rick’s lifelong commitment to each other, their daughter and their grand-children, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they con-tinue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IRAN SANCTIONS EXTENSION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my support for H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. Despite continued pressure and condemna-tion from the international community, the Ira-nian regime defiantly continues its ballistic missile testing, human rights abuses, and sowing discord throughout the world as the leading state sponsor of terrorism. These threatening acts, coupled with continued viola-tions of the nuclear agreement, should not be tolerated without check. That’s why I am voic-ing my strong support for H.R. 6297, the Iran Sanctions Extension Act. This act is one of the most important pillars to the statutory sanc-tions against Iran to address its illicit activities. I applaud the House for coming together in a near unanimous fashion to pass this bipartisan legislation and hope the President agrees to sign it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.010 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1508 November 17, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be in Washington, D.C. on November 14, 2016, because my flight from Oregon was de-layed because of maintenance issues. If I had been present I would have voted in favor of H.R. 985, the Concrete Masonry Products Re-search, Education, and Promotion Act, and H.R. 2669, the Anti-Spoofing Act of 2016. H.R. 985 allows producers of concrete ma-sonry to collaborate on a coordinated research and education program to develop and im-prove markets for concrete masonry products. The bill authorizes the Department of Com-merce to oversee the board administering the program. If I had been present I would have voted for the bill. H.R. 2669 expands current consumer pro-tections to prohibit the transmission of inac-curate caller-ID information over text mes-sages or Voice-over-Internet (ViOP) calls. Under current law, only voice calls are pro-tected from inaccurate caller-ID information. Additionally, the bill requires the Federal Com-munications Commission (FCC) and Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to provide con-sumers with information to help identify scams that are perpetrated using inaccurate caller-ID information. If I had been present I would have voted for the bill. 
f 
TEXAS AGRICULTURE MEMORIAL DAY 
HON. JOE BARTON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the first annual Texas Agricultural Memorial Day, a day we remember the lives lost and the sacrifices made by our state’s farmers and ranchers as they provide food and clothing for Texas families. Texas Gov-ernor Greg Abbott designated November 21st as Texas Agriculture Memorial Day, which will be observed annually. The inaugural cere-mony will be held on November 21, 2016 in the Auditorium of the Texas State Capitol in Austin, Texas. Every year, there will be a nomination and application process to add names of honorees to the memorial for three categories—memo-rial, honor and memorial service. The memo-rial list is for those who have lost their life while engaged in agricultural-related pursuits. The honor list is for those who have had a se-verely debilitating accident while engaged in agricultural-related pursuits. The memorial service list is for those who lost their life in a non-agricultural accident and had an active role in an agricultural operation. John Paul and Heather Dineen from Waxahachie, Texas envisioned the annual Texas Agricultural Memorial Day and orga-nized the inaugural ceremony. Ten years ago, the Dineen family lost their five-year-old son, Johnny, in an agriculture accident. They are committed to sharing their story and advo-cating for safety awareness and education. Working alongside Governor Abbott and the Texas Farm Bureau, their hard work and vi-sion culminated in the creation of the Texas Agriculture Memorial Day. f 
REVEREND DOCTOR JULES SMITH AND REVEREND IDA SMITH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Reverend Doc-tor Jules Smith and his wife Reverend Ida Smith for their service and dedication to their community and the Rising Star Missionary Baptist Church. As devoted servants of the Lord, Reverend Doctor Smith has served the Rising Star Mis-sionary Baptist Church with faith, devotion, and integrity since 1986. Under his leadership and Ida by his side, the church has grown from 33 members to over 1500 and serves 42 multi-faceted ministries to meet the needs of every age group. Prior to joining Rising Star Church, Reverend Doctor Smith served as As-sistant Pastor at Unity Baptist Church in the Bronx, New York and as Sunday School Radio Commentator and Associate Pastor at Union Baptist Church in Denver. Reverend Ida Smith serves as First Lady and Associate Minister at Rising Star Mis-sionary Baptist Church. Reverend Ida has in-spired many throughout her work, serving on several missionary tours to Canada; Carib-bean Islands; Burkina Faso, West Africa; Nas-sau, Bahamas; Lagos, Nigeria; and China. Together, they also serve in various leader-ship capacities across a variety of local and national organizations including the General Missionary Baptist Convention of Colorado, Salem Baptist District Association, Baptist Min-isters Conference of Metro Denver, Inter-national Association of Ministers’ Wives and Widows, RSMBC Spiritual Stars Women’s Ministry, and the American Baptist Churches of the Rocky Mountains. In addition, they have both received numerous awards, citations and commendations in both the secular and Chris-tian communities. I extend my deepest appreciation to Rev-erend Doctor Jules Smith and Reverend Ida Smith for their service and dedication to the Rising Star Church congregants and our com-munity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SEA ROAD SCHOOL AS A 2016 NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sea Road School in Kennebunk, Maine for its selection as a 2016 National Blue Ribbon School. Every year, the Department of Education selects Blue Ribbon Schools from across the country to celebrate excellence in teaching and learning. Sea Road School is one of 329 public and private elementary, middle, and high schools honored in 2016, the culmination of a long process of nomination and applica-tion focused on its record of sustained student achievement. Sea Road School is an Exemplary High Performing School. The commitment that re-quires from the entire community cannot be overstated. But we also know that the true measure of a school is not based on test scores alone. It’s in the devotion of educators, who endeavor to understand how each child learns best. It’s in the willingness of students to discover their strengths and follow their passions. It’s in the support and engagement of parents and community members who know the incalculable value of a strong start for our kids. Mr. Speaker, Sea Road School is a commu-nity dedicated to fostering scholarship and compassion in each child who walks through its doors, and I’m proud to see it so deserv-edly recognized on a national level. I com-mend Principal Stephen Marquis, Super-intendent Kathryn Hawes, and all the edu-cators, staff, parents, and students who have worked to build this success. Keep it up. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE IBEW LOCAL 129 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 129 of Lorain, Ohio. This is an incredibly significant centennial milestone of labor history in northern Ohio. Since 1916, IBEW Local 129 has served northern Ohio with distinction, providing the highest quality of electrical work and providing power to the residents of the Lorain-Elyria area. Its members continue to dedicate their careers to the advancement of wages, bene-fits and working conditions for all electrical workers. The history of this organization dates back to March 1, 1916 when the International Broth-erhood of Electrical Workers Local 129 was chartered in Elyria, Ohio. The founding eleven brothers were: Henry Therman, H.R. Ward, Gus Pallas, A.J. Miller, I.W. Horton, Ray Ward, J.W. Bareholmen, John Keishair, F.A. Lawrence, A.E. Gramholz and C. Pallas. Beginning wages were roughly $0.12/hour— which was far greater than an unorganized la-borer in those days. In 1917, IBEW Local 627 Lorain was formed under the leadership of Organizer Boyle from Local 129. By the time 1930 rolled around, the membership numbers and work available to the two locals was not what either had antici-pated. After much deliberation and negotiation, Local 129 of Elyria absorbed Local 627 of Lo-rain and, under one banner became the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 129 of Lorain, Ohio. The skilled men and women of IBEW Local 129 have contributed their time and talents to many notable projects including: The National Tube Company, Fruehauf Trailer Plant at Avon Lake, United States Steel, The Ford Manufacturing Plant, local commercial devel-opments like O’Neil’s Shopping Center, Lorain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17NO8.007 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1509 November 17, 2016 
County Schools, Lorain and the surrounding area hospitals, American Shipbuilding, Cleve-land Electric Illuminating, and B.F. Goodrich, to name a few. IBEW founder Henry Miller envisioned a union of electrical workers banded together to-ward the goal of improved safety, wages and working conditions for the brotherhood. A cen-tury later, his legacy stands tall through the brothers and sisters of Local 129. We offer our heartiest congratulations to IBEW Local 129 in celebration of its rich history and thank you for working to illuminate our world over the last 100 years. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE OF SPECIALIST DONALD SCHLIESSER 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the service and achieve-ments of an esteemed and valued citizen of Cedar Park, Texas. Specialist Donald Schliesser has dedicated himself to serving his community and is an embodiment of the Army values of honor, loyalty, and selfless service. He is deserving recipient of a Con-gressional Veteran Commendation. SPC Schliesser enlisted in the Army in June 1957. After nine years of combined Active and Reserve service as a military radio operator, he left the Army and worked in the civilian sector as a financial planner. He concluded his successful career after 42 years, and en-joyed the next few years in retirement trav-eling our great nation with his wife. Choosing to be closer to their son, SPC Schliesser and his wife moved to Cedar Park, Texas. Throughout SPC Schliesser’s life, he has demonstrated his deep commitment to selfless service time and time again. In 2007, and again in 2015, SPC Schliesser decided to come out of retirement to serve on the Bond Advisory Task Force to review and rec-ommend potential bond projects to the City Council. His efforts helped establish Cedar Park’s infrastructure to accommodate its mas-sive growth. Being an avid pilot, he served in the Contra County Sherriff’s Air Posse. Apply-ing his skills learned from the Army, he assists in emergency communications as an amateur radio operator. In 2011, he led the effort to raise $225,000 in community donations for the Cedar Park Veterans Memorial. Citizens like SPC Schliesser are essential to making cities like Cedar Park, TX great places to live. Though humble about his military service, Specialist Schliesser has remained dedicated to serving his community and honoring the military. I commend him for his work and am honored to award him a Congressional Vet-eran Commendation. 
f 
NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE PLAYERS ASSOCIATION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 60th Anniversary of the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA). Since 1956, the NFLPA has served as a strong advocate and defender of the players that make the National Football League (NFL) a world class product. As professional ath-letes, the players train and compete at the highest level. The service you provide to your members is incredibly important. In fact, the NFLPA helps ensure the best interests of its players by ne-gotiating a strong Collective Bargaining Agree-ment (CBA), ensuring the terms of the CBA are met, negotiating strong retirement and in-surance benefits, and enhancing the image of players and their profession on and off the field. As an avid Denver Broncos fan, the players are valuable and important to our city, the Broncos organization and the sport of football. Our committed Broncos players have brought three Super Bowl Championships home to the city of Denver. The players have always been active in our community and continue to make our city proud. I want to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation and commend the players union for the representation it provides to the tal-ented and hardworking football players of the NFL. f 
WELCOME MEERA ANUSHA SARASWATI TEPPARA 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful to congratulate my former Chief of Staff Dino Teppara and his wife, Vatsala, on the birth of their daughter. Meera Anusha Saraswati Teppara was born at 11:10 p.m. on Sunday, October 9, 2016, in South Carolina. Meera weighed six pounds and four-teen ounces and measured 19 inches long. She is the second child for the happy couple and I look forward to watching her grow as she is raised by talented parents who will be dedicated to her wellbeing and bright future. I would also like to congratulate Meera’s grandparents, Vijay and Vasanti Alsi of Vi-enna, Virginia, and Dilip and Gita Teppara of Columbia, South Carolina. Congratulations to the entire Alsi and Teppara families as they welcome their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
HONORING MS. PATRICIA MARIE JONES 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life and invaluable service of Ms. Patricia Jones, who passed away August 5, 2016. Patricia Marie Jones was born on Sep-tember 3, 1944 in Vallejo, California to Booker T. and Mildred Jones. At a young age the family relocated back to its homeland of Hei-delberg, Mississippi where Patricia graduated from Southside High School at the top of her class. After her high school graduation, Patricia moved back to the Bay Area and enrolled at Vallejo Junior college. Patricia earned her As-sociates Degree. Understanding the power of education, Patricia transferred to San Fran-cisco State University where she would earn her Bachelor’s Degree two years later in Jour-nalism. She then enrolled into University of California, Berkeley and in 1973 earned her Master’s Degree in City Planning. Patricia had a distinguished career in public service that included local, state and federal service. She served in the city of Richmond as the city planner, the assistant to the City Man-ager for External Affairs and Assistant Director of Housing Development. She also served as a Board member of the East Bay Community Foundation. Most recently Patricia served as Assistant Executive Director of the Association of Bay Area Governments, a regional planning agency representing nine counties in the Bay Area. Patricia was committed to excellence known for her work ethic, integrity, creativity and fierce determination. She excelled at every-thing she did. Patricia was also a world traveler and over the years had visited Africa, Asia, Europe, South America and Cuba. She lived a full life and inspired all those around her to do the same. But no matter her accomplishments, Patricia always put family first; she always made time for them no matter the time of day or size of the problem. She leaves to honor her memory, brothers Terry and Kenneth Jones, along with her many nieces and nephews. Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-trict remembers the extraordinary life of Ms. Patricia Jones. Her contributions have truly im-pacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area. I join her loved ones in celebrating her incredible life and offer my most sincere con-dolences. f 
LAURA TOBEY, NATURAL GRO-CERS BY VITAMIN COTTAGE, PREMIUM PANELS INC., WANCO INC., COMMUNITY FIRST FOUN-DATION AND GENE AND DEE MILSTEIN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Laura Tobey with Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Premium Panels Inc., Wanco Inc., Community First Foundation, and Gene and Dee Milstein for being honored by the Arvada Economic Development Associa-tion for their outstanding contributions to the Arvada community. Laura Tobey is posthumously recognized with the ‘‘Community Champion Award’’. Through her vision, enthusiasm and leader-ship, Laura was instrumental in the redevelop-ment of the blighted buildings in Olde Town Arvada. Today this area of Arvada is a thriving retail and commercial district. Her significant impact on the community will be felt for years to come. Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage is rec-ognized as ‘‘Retailer of the Year’’. Their capital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.014 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1510 November 17, 2016 
investment of $750,000 to the property at 77th and Wadsworth Boulevard created improve-ments to the fac¸ade and interiors including opening an interior walkway to all tenants. I commend Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage on their mission is to provide shoppers with an affordable, healthy lifestyle as well as em-power them to take control of their own wellbeing. Premium Panels Inc. is recognized as the ‘‘Outstanding Small Business’’ for their $3.1 million capital investment in a building in the Arvada Tech Center allowing the company to remain in Arvada and double their workforce. Premium Panels provides high quality metal roofing panels for commercial and residential roofing. Wanco Inc. is recognized with the ‘‘Out-standing Large Business Award’’ for their $8.6 million expansion of a 95,000 square foot building which resulted in the retention of the existing facility and 200 new jobs. Wanco was established in 1984 and is the leading manu-facturer of highway safety and traffic control products. Community First Foundation is recognized with the ‘‘Community Partnership Award’’ for their $1 million grant to Red Rocks Community College (RRCC) Health Sciences building in Arvada. This investment in the RRCC will im-prove the quality of education for students and create positive change within the community. Community First Foundation is a grant making public charity dedicated to identifying and solv-ing broad community problems.Gene and Dee Milstein are recognized with the ‘‘Lloyd J King Entrepreneurial Spirit Award’’. Gene and Dee are the founders and owners of Applewood Seed Company which has been in business for more than 50 years. Applewood Seed Company is a premier com-mercial and wholesale supplier of wildflower, garden flower, native grass and herb seed. I commend them on their commitment to inno-vation, their community and the environment. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege and honor to recognize each of the Arvada Economic De-velopment Association award recipients for their professionalism, investment in the com-munity, and their dedication to making Arvada a thriving world class city. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SER METRO- DETROIT FOR THEIR WORK-FORCE DEVELOPMENT EFFORTS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize SER Metro-Detroit, a nonprofit orga-nization that offers workforce training and skills development to the greater Detroit com-munity. SER promotes self-sufficiency and up-ward mobility through its literacy, education and employment initiatives, and has played a key role in creating the vibrant metropolitan Detroit workforce that exists today. SER Metro-Detroit was founded in 1971 as a non-profit organization to provide skills train-ing and placement services for employers in the private sector. Since its establishment, the organization has expanded its offerings to in-clude youth outreach and education programs, as well as further developing its workforce placement program. Today, SER Metro-Detroit offers targeted programs for adults and youth to train program participants and place them into private sector employment. The programs include apprenticeship placements for qualified individuals, as well as financial and employ-ment coaching that better prepares trainees for entry into the workforce. SER has provided southeast Michigan resi-dents with the skills and training they need to succeed in the global workforce. Additionally, it has created a pool of skilled workers that possess the training expertise that is in de-mand in the workplace. As a result, well-pay-ing skilled manufacturing and skilled trade jobs are returning to Michigan, and the region has benefited from this economic revitalization. SER Metro-Detroit’s comprehensive offering of education, training and employment opportuni-ties has proven successful in helping to allevi-ate the economic difficulties that many families in southeast Michigan faced. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing SER Metro-Detroit for its workforce development initiatives. It has had a positive impact on the lives of thousands of Metro Detroit residents and been a catalyst for the economic rejuvenation of the region. f 
CELEBRATING THE ACCOMPLISH-MENTS OF COMMAND SERGEANT MAJOR ELIJAH KING, JR., U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accomplishments of Command Sergeant Major Elijah King, Jr., U.S. Army, Retired, who served his country in the Army for 30 years and continues to serve his fellow soldiers and his community following his retirement. He is a fitting recipient of a Congressional Veteran Commendation. A native son of Tuskegee, Alabama, CSM King enlisted in the U.S. Army in August of 1977. Along with serving in Korea and Ger-many, he is a veteran of Operation Desert Shield/Storm and served two tours in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. He retired from the U.S. Army in 2007 as Command Sergeant Major of 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 4th In-fantry Division at Fort Hood, Texas. During his service in the U.S. Army, CSM King was a re-cipient of numerous awards and recognitions, including the prestigious Legion of Merit and three Bronze Star Medals for his service in combat. This brave soldier is also a committed cit-izen. Following his military career, he contin-ued to support the military and community through positions in various services such as the Co-Chairman of the Fort Hood Retired Council and the Chairman of the Central Texas Area Veterans Advisory Committee. He was a member of the Killeen Branch NAACP, Board of Directors KISD Communities in Schools, and Military Child Education Coali-tion. CSM King’s work has improved the qual-ity of life in central Texas in immeasurable ways. CSM King’s motto is ‘‘Old Soldiers never die and I refuse to fade away.’’ As evidenced from the respect and admiration that his fellow sol-diers and colleagues have for him, along with lasting effect on the community he loves, CSM Elijah King stands true to his word and will never fade away. I’m grateful that heroes like him call central Texas home. f 
UNITED IN BLUE 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the incredible sacrifices that our law enforcement officers have made in order to protect us and keep our communities safe. Although acts of heroism are displayed every day by the proud men and women in blue across the Mississippi Gulf Coast, it is the ex-traordinary sacrifices of officers in our sister state of Louisiana that I am compelled to high-light today. On July 17th, 2016, Corporal Montrell Jack-son and Officer Matthew Gerald with the Baton Rouge Police Department and Deputy Brad Garafola with the East Baton Rouge Sheriff’s Parish Office were shot and killed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Sergeant Bruce Sim-mons and Corporals Chad Montgomery and Nicholas Tullier were also injured in the same shooting. These men were not just protectors; they were fathers, husbands, brothers, and sons. We are in awe of their courage, and we are indebted to them for their service and sac-rifice. Mr. Speaker, I have noticed a frightening trend in this country. I have never seen this level of disrespect and injustice towards our law enforcement on such a large scale. Even though these anti-police sentiments are only harbored by a small, unappreciative, and sometimes hateful minority, we must speak louder in defense of those who protect us. Ultimately, if we do not unite as a nation by showing unwavering and unequivocal respect for proud institutions like our police, then we are inviting further unconscionable acts. We must work harder than ever, in the memory of these officers, to assure that we make Amer-ica safe again. Despite this tragedy, there is still ample reason for hope. In this time of grief, in the wake of these heinous acts, law enforcement agencies across the country have banded together with the Baton Rouge com-munity in order to show their support for the families and friends of these officers. Later this week, Mississippi Gulf Coast law enforcement agencies are partnering with the Mississippi Gulf Coast Blue Team to host a special charity event titled ‘‘United in Blue’’ for the fallen and wounded officers from Baton Rouge. All proceeds will rightfully go to sup-port the families and wounded officers. Above all else, on behalf of your brothers and sisters in South Mississippi, I would like to thank every man and woman in law enforce-ment in South Louisiana. And I would like to thank all law enforcement officers, firefighters, and first responders for their service to our country. Our nation stands proudly behind you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17NO8.011 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1511 November 17, 2016 
JESSE AND JESSICA SWIFT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jesse and Jessica Swift for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. Jesse and Jessica Swift serve the commu-nity as educators at Bell Middle School, are avid cyclists, and are active in many commu-nity events including the Golden Bike Cruise, Golden Gallup, Golden Giddyup, and the Back2Basics Cyclocross races. Jessica coach-es a girls’ ICE soccer team, and Jesse coach-es the Bell Mountain Bike Club. In addition to being active community mem-bers, the Swifts exemplify courage and grace, and are an inspiration to the community. In May of 2015, they were attacked in a home in-vasion. Jesse and Jessica fought back against the intruders and later worked with the Golden Police Department to bring the criminals to justice. As highly admired teachers, the Swifts have inspired thousands of students and their families by their personal story and their pas-sion for knowledge. I congratulate Jesse and Jessica Swift for being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank them for their continued commitment to the people and students they serve. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARION HALEY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th birthday of an extraordinary man and fellow Northeast Georgian, First Lieutenant Marion Holman Haley. First Lieutenant Haley grew up on a farm in Elberton, Georgia and graduated from Rabun Gap Junior College. He shares his birthday with his beloved wife, Sara Vincent Haley. In 1942, First Lieutenant Haley entered World War II as a bombardier and flew 50 combat missions over Italy, Northern Africa, and France in a B–17 bomber using one of the first Norden bombsights. As a member of the Army Air Corps, First Lieutenant Haley was recognized for his ex-ceptional ability as a bombardier by receiving 10 Air Medals for his combat missions in World War II. Our nation owes a tremendous amount of gratitude to First Lieutenant Haley for his serv-ice and courage. He is a true American hero. I am proud to represent First Lieutenant Haley in Congress, and I am grateful for his bravery in protecting our freedom. As a member of the Air Force Reserves, the lives of our service members and veterans is very near to my heart. We have Mr. Marion Holman Haley to thank for his service to the greatest nation in the world. First Lieutenant Haley represents a legacy that deserves our gratitude and respect, and I honor him on his 100th birthday. Happy Birth-day Lieutenant Haley. IN RECOGNITION OF TUSKEGEE AIRMEN, INC., ON ITS OUT-STANDING WORK AND 75TH AN-NIVERSARY DINNER HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tuskegee Airmen, Inc. on its out-standing work and its exceptional service on the date of its 75th Anniversary Dinner. The Tuskegee Airmen were courageous individuals who served the United States with dignity dur-ing World War II while pioneering efforts to im-prove racial equality. The Tuskegee Airmen were a group of young men and women who volunteered to become America’s first African-American mili-tary airmen during World War II. These indi-viduals distinguished themselves through an exemplary combat record, as well as their bravery and sacrifice. Approximately 1,000 pi-lots and 15,000 ground personnel served in thousands of combat sorties during the war, earning a record of distinction that persists to this day. The Tuskegee Airmen’s record of service also broke down barriers and was in-strumental in President Harry S. Truman’s de-cision to desegregate the United States Armed Forces in 1948. The Tuskegee Airmen were instrumental in helping the United States win the Second World War while furthering racial equality and equal opportunity. These brave men and women stand as a testament to the enduring spirit of the American ideals of bravery. The work of Tuskegee Airmen, Inc. is critical to preserving the historic legacy of these individ-uals, and I congratulate them on the organiza-tion’s success in raising awareness of the im-portance of their contribution to American progress. Events like the Tuskegee Airmen, Inc.,’s 75th Anniversary dinner are critical to keeping their legacy alive, and it is my hope that the group continues to build on its record of success to preserve the memory of these men and women and their historic accomplish-ments. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the achievements of Tuskegee Airmen, Inc. The organization has worked tirelessly to preserve the legacy of the Tuskegee Airmen for future generations and raise awareness about their role in American history. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUE AND DENNIS NANCE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sue and Dennis Nance of Shenandoah, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Sue and Dennis’ lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
GOLDEN HIGH SCHOOL INTERACT CLUB 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the Golden High School Interact Club for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. The Golden High School Interact Club is a Rotary-sponsored service organization serving the greater Golden community. The 72 high- school members tackle important community issues through hands-on service projects. Lo-cally, they participated in the Neighborhood Rehab Project Day of Service, helped raise money for schools by volunteering at fun-runs, assisted Golden Rotary to provide lunch and fellowship to senior residents, raked leaves for Golden residents, championed a food drive, and participated in a chili cook-off. For an international effort, they held a car-wash that generated $2,000 to purchase two ShelterBoxes, which provide safe housing to families in disaster situations around the world. Out of 36 other clubs, the Rotary Dis-trict identified the Golden group as the most outstanding Interact Club. I congratulate the Golden High School Inter-act Club for being the recipient of this well- deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank all the members for their continued commitment to the people and families they serve. 
f 
CELEBRATING MAJOR GENERAL ROBERT HALVERSON, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the achievements of Major General Robert Halverson, retired, who served in the United States Army for 39 years and continues to work for his country and commu-nity following his retirement. He is a fitting re-cipient of a Congressional Veteran Com-mendation. MG Halverson, of Georgetown, Texas, began his active duty career upon graduation from Colorado State University. After 15 years he left active duty service and entered the U.S. Army Reserves and transferred to the Texas National Guard in October of 1985. In 1998, he was promoted to Major General and took command of the 49th Armored Division. During his time in service, MG Halverson acquired a long list of accomplishments and awards, including the Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17NO8.012 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1512 November 17, 2016 
and more. He also successfully commanded the first Active and Reserve Component inte-grated headquarters to serve in Bosnia. Along with his Army National Guard service, MG Halverson continued his life of service in the State of Texas, where he served in the Governor’s Division of Emergency Manage-ment and as a Deputy Insurance Commis-sioner for Safety. Following his retirement from military service in March 2002, MG Halverson continued to serve as a mentor for other Na-tional Guard Division and Brigade Com-manders and Staff. MG Halverson’s skills as a strategic leader have improved every organization he’s associ-ated with. His commitment to community and his role as a mentor and friend to his col-leagues make him a valuable asset to improv-ing the quality of life in the Lone Star State. I commend Major General Robert Halverson’s selfless service to both the United States Army and his nation. His patriotism, citizenship, and commitment to excellence re-flect the very best values of Central Texas. I join MG Halverson’s friends, family, and col-leagues in celebrating his outstanding achievements. 
f 
SHIVAM ALBEE SHINES WITH SCHOOL PROJECT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shivam Albee of Sugar Land, TX for his enthusiasm about government and in par-ticular Congress. Shivam has expressed a keen interest in how our government works. He and his par-ents recently visited Washington, DC with stops in their congressional office and our na-tion’s Capitol building. As a result of his trip, he completed a school report on how Con-gress operates. His eagerness to learn and contribute to our representative democracy is heartwarming and gives us hope for our future leaders. America is at its best with an en-gaged and active citizenry. We hope more stu-dents and young leaders emerge as they be-come adults. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, thank you Shivam Albee for reminding us of the importance of youthful enthusiasm. We are proud of his hard work and look forward to his future success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAM AND CHARLIE MANNING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pam and Charlie Manning of Glenwood, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on August 20, 1966 in Gary, Indiana. Pam and Charlie’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, and their grandchild, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
HONORING THE AIR FORCES ESCAPE AND EVASION SOCIETY 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, every Novem-ber 11th, we stop to recognize the brave men and women who have served our country in our armed forces. Having just marked Vet-erans Day, I would like to recognize one group of extraordinary servicemembers in particular, the United States Air Forces Escape and Eva-sion Society, or AFEES. Since the United States military first began using airplanes in foreign wars, members of the United States Air Forces have been forced to eject, crash land, or abandon their aircraft in an occupied country or territory. Once downed, these airmen had to evade capture by enemy forces, oftentimes while suffering from critical injuries. Of the downed aircrew members that were captured, many escaped from the enemy who were holding them in captivity. Many times, downed servicemembers were aided in their escape and evasion by resistance organiza-tions in those occupied countries. Thousands of brave, ordinary people took extraordinary risks at huge costs to both them and their families to help these brave Americans and help them return home. In 1964, the United States Air Forces Es-cape and Evasion Society was created by the downed aircrew members who evaded cap-ture. Today, AFEES includes downed aircrew members and people who directly aided them in escape and evasion and has more than 600 members, including members from World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. I am proud to represent one brave AFEES member, the group’s President, John Katsaros of Haverhill, Massachusetts. Today, I would like to recognize the United States Air Forces Escape and Evasion Society and the achieve-ments made by its members: to never accept captivity and to constantly strive for their free-dom. Thank you for your service and for the inspiration you are to all of us. 
f 
GENE CHILD 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Gene Child for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. For decades, Gene has dedicated his time, resources, and abilities to preserving our com-munity’s history. He co-founded the Golden Landmarks Association to save the Astor House from demolition, assisted in converting the old Presbyterian Church into the Foothills Art Center, and helped move the Guy Hill School from the former Mitchell Elementary site to the Clear Creek History Park, then helped restore it. Even now he cares for the chickens that live in History Park. Gene and his beloved Arlone were part of the effort to create the 12th Street Historic District in 1984. I congratulate Gene for being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank him for his continued com-mitment to the people and families he serves. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE MESSIAS TEMPLE CHURCH 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of the Messias Temple Church. It is my honor and privilege to recognize the contributions Messias Temple Church has made to our community. Established in 1941 by John T. Elder and Sister Laura Elder, the Ypsilanti Messias Tem-ple Church is dedicated to building a perma-nent sanctuary for people of the community to have a place to connect with each other, and strengthen their faith. Messias was built on a principle that welcomed people of all walks of life, giving positions of leadership not common within the Church for its time. In 1949 after the passing of Elder John T. Elder, his widowed wife, Sister Laura Elder, was elected as Church Pastor and remained until her retire-ment in 1974, demonstrating that this Church would celebrate the diversity of Ypsilanti, and lead by progressive example. Jesse Ross was then chosen to serve as pastor, and person-ally led the congregation to its new permanent home on Harriet Street in 1984. Pastor Ross continued to serve until his death in 1991, when Harry Grayson was selected to continue the proud tradition of service and leadership. Today we celebrate the 75th anniversary of Messias Temple Church, as well as the 25th anniversary of Suffragan Bishop Grayson’s ap-pointment. Providing strong leadership within the community has long been the cornerstone of Messias Temple Church, and the tradition continues as the church looks forward to the next 75 years of serving the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in gratitude to honor the 75th anniver-sary of Messias Temple Church. For seventy- five years now, Messias Temple has displayed an immense passion and deep devotion for improving the lives of its members, and also the people of Ypsilanti, and we wish them many more years of success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.024 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1513 November 17, 2016 
COMMEMORATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE IBEW LOCAL 8 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 125th Anniversary of the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 8 of Toledo, Ohio. This is an in-credibly significant milestone of labor history in Northwest Ohio. Since 1891, IBEW Local 8 has served northwest Ohio with distinction, providing the highest quality of electrical work and providing power to the residents of Northwest Ohio. Its members continue to dedicate their careers to the advancement of wages, benefits and work-ing conditions for all electrical workers. IBEW Local 8’s skilled technicians are com-mitted to building our communities forward. The deep history of IBEW Local 8 shows that the Toledo Chapter was one of the first-ever locals chartered in the United States, estab-lished at the founding of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers nationally. The skilled men and women of IBEW Local 8 have contributed their time and talents to many notable projects in Northwest Ohio. Committed to quality workmanship, their skills have been critical to the development of in-dustry throughout our region. IBEW founder Henry Miller envisioned a union of electrical workers banded together to-ward the goal of improved safety, wages and working conditions for the brotherhood. A cen-tury later, his legacy stands tall through the brothers and sisters of Local 8. We offer our heartiest congratulations to IBEW Local 8 in celebration of its rich history and thank you for working to illuminate our world over the last 125 years. 
f 
DANA STEINER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Dana Steiner for receiving the Golden Mayor’s first-ever Goldmine Award, an honor recognizing the achievement and contributions of the students or faculty of the Colorado School of Mines. Dana Steiner, a senior at the School of Mines designed and implemented a commu-nity service project for the Mines Class of 2020, encouraging further collaboration be-tween the university and city of Golden. Throughout the spring and summer, she iden-tified projects benefiting city government de-partments, schools, civic organizations, the faith community, and individual residents. On August 20th, she successfully organized ap-proximately 900 incoming students at more than 25 Golden locations in and around Gold-en, for more than 1,000 hours of community service. Dana is a senior majoring in Bio-chemical and Chemical Engineering who is also involved in the Society of Women Engi-neers; an ally of Out in Science, Technology, Engineering; a member of Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority, Advocates Against Violence and for Education, the Ethics Bowl team, and Lead Peer Mentor. I congratulate Dana for being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank her for her contributions to the community. f 
HONORING REAR ADMIRAL ROBERT L. TONEY 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Rear Admiral Robert L. Toney, USN, (Retired). With his passing on November 4, 2016, we honor his faithful serv-ice to our nation. Rear Admiral Robert L. Toney had a distin-guished naval career that spanned 34 years. He was commissioned as an ensign in the United States Navy in 1957. Over the course of his career he has held several commands including Naval Base San Francisco, Logistics Group One, Maritime Defense Command and Director of Logistics and Security Assistance of U.S. Pacific Command. He received numerous honors and decora-tions including the Defense Meritorious Medal, the Navy Meritorious Service Medal with Oakleaf Cluster, and the Vietnam Service Medal. His commitment to education and self-im-provement was showcased through his com-mitment to personal study. Early in his life he earned a B.A. in Social Sciences from Chico State University. He was also a Graduate of the National and International Security Course from Harvard University and received Hon-orary Doctorate Degrees in Humane Letters from Golden Gate University, and National University. Admiral Toney retired from the Navy in 1994 after 34 years of distinguished service. In his retirement he continued to show his commit-ment to this country by devoting the remainder of his life to community service. From 1991 to 1996, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Oakland Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce Admiral. Toney also served as the Executive Vice President of Business Development of F.E. Jordan and Associates, Interim President of The Bay Area Urban League, Chairman of the Board of Alternative, Inc., Director of Bank of the West, Director of Levine-Fricke-Recon Ad-visory Board, Director of Junior Achievement of the San Francisco Bay Area, and as a member of Chico State University’s President Advisory Board. Throughout his military and civilian business careers, Admiral Toney was one of those rare individuals whose ethic of hard work and de-votion to duty made a difference. He was a role model to all who served with him. Rear Admiral Robert L. Toney, USN, (Re-tired) will be remembered as one of our finest naval officers, a role model, devoted husband to his wife, Flore, who predeceased him, and to his family. On a personal note, Admiral Toney and I had a chance to get to know each other when I was in the California legislature in the 1990’s. He became a consistent supporter of my political efforts and always encouraged me to fight the good fight. I respected Admiral Toney’s wise counsel and was proud to call him my friend. Today, California’s 13th Congressional Dis-trict salutes the legacy of Rear Admiral Robert L. Toney, USN, (Retired). His contributions have truly impacted countless lives throughout the Bay Area and our Country. I join all of Rear Admiral Robert L. Toney’s loved ones in celebrating his incredible life and offer them my most sincere condolences. f 
IRON COUNTY’S NEW AMTRAK STATION 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark a historic day in the Arcadia Valley. Today, Iron County opens its new Am-trak Station and welcomes the Texas Eagle to begin regular service from Arcadia to the USA. Led by the group ‘‘Our Town Tomorrow,’’ the communities of Arcadia, Ironton and Pilot Knob have worked since 2011 to revive the old train stop and resurrect rail service. They’ve navigated a complicated process. The members of ‘‘Our Town Tomorrow’’— September Bennett, Joan Duncan, Carol Kelsheimer, Pam Sherrill, and Judy Schaaf- Wheeler—have worked with other community leaders to establish a vision for the Arcadia Valley and to bring the train to town. I applaud them for their community spirit and determina-tion to improve the quality of life in the place they call home. Starting today, Arcadia joins St. Louis and Poplar Bluff as the only three stops the Texas Eagle makes in Missouri. It is my hope the Amtrak Station will signal a new era of prosperity for Iron County. It is my great honor to represent the good folks of the Arcadia Valley and join them in celebration as I recognize their accomplishment today be-fore the United States House of Representa-tives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAT AND RAY LAW 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pat and Ray Law of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 19, 1966 at the Church of God of Prophecy in Council Bluffs. Pat and Ray’s lifelong commitment to each other and their three daughters, 22 adopted children, 40 grandchildren, and 18 great- grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. As Pat and Ray reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.029 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1514 November 17, 2016 
me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHIGAN TECH RESEARCH INSTITUTE’S GROUNDBREAKING ADVANCE-MENTS IN TECHNOLOGY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of the Michigan Tech Re-search Institute on the date of its 10th anniver-sary celebration. Located in Ann Arbor as a di-vision of Michigan Technological University, MTRI has driven advancements in sensor and information technology to help solve critical problems in a variety of fields. Michigan Tech Research Institute was founded in October 2006 with the goal of uti-lizing Michigan Tech’s resources and expertise to transform research findings into commercial products with real-world applications. The in-stitute has focused on using technology to bet-ter understand natural and manmade environ-ments. Today, MTRI supports 64 researchers in over 17,000 square feet of space and has drawn support from federal, industry and uni-versities across North America. MTRI has leveraged cutting-edge academic research to create solutions to real-world prob-lems. Its work on mapping coastal wetlands in the Great Lakes region has been used by fed-eral, state and local agencies to better man-age and conserve the environment in these areas. Additionally, MTRI has been able to map the spread of algal blooms in Lake Erie, which has allowed researchers and environ-mental groups to better understand and com-bat the spread of this environmental phe-nomenon. It has also collaborated with federal government agencies like DARPA on defense applications of its research. MTRI has served as a model of collabora-tion between the public, private and non-profit sectors. By bringing key stakeholders and ex-perts together to tackle environmental, infra-structure and national security challenges, the institute has created breakthroughs in a vari-ety of fields while supporting basic and applied research initiatives. This multidisciplinary ap-proach will continue to be useful for address-ing problems at the cross-section of different fields and disciplines, and MTRI’s consistent revenue and sponsorship growth is a testa-ment to the success of its organizational model. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the success of the Michi-gan Tech Research Institute. It is my hope that the organization will continue to build on its track record of success and innovation. 
f 
BETTY AND HAROLD PAYTE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Betty & Har-old Payte for receiving the Golden Mayor’s Award for Excellence. Betty and Harold Payte are role models and community activists for healthy living. Both in their mid-eighties, they are thoughtful, caring, and inclusive leaders who have attracted a large and loyal following to their weekly com-munity ‘‘walk and talks’’ through Golden. In all weather and all seasons, for people of all ages and abilities, with residents from all over the metropolitan area, the Paytes share their joy in moving through Golden’s beautiful out-door environment. Betty roams up and down the line of walkers to make sure everyone has a walking partner and to see if anyone needs extra encouragement. Harold, a humorous sto-ryteller, usually serves as ‘‘sweep’’ at the back of the group with slower-paced walkers; the Paytes encourage all of us to live full, joyful, healthy lives. I congratulate Betty & Harold Payte for being the recipient of this well-deserved honor by Mayor Marjorie Sloan, and I thank them for their continued commitment to the people and families they serve. f 
RECOGNIZING THE MAINE MARINE TRADES ASSOCIATION’S 50 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to acknowledge and honor the important work of the Maine Marine Trades Association. For five decades, this organiza-tion has educated boat builders and marine businesses in best practices, with particular focus on worker safety and the preservation of the natural resources upon which the industry and the people of Maine depend. Under Executive Director Susan Swanton’s able leadership, the Maine Marine Trades As-sociation has promoted growth and coopera-tion, influencing many aspects of the marine industry through job development and suc-cessful partnerships with the Maine Depart-ments of Labor, Environmental Protection, and Marine Resources, as well as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and many other state and national organizations. Originally run completely by volunteers, the Maine Marine Trades Association maintains a strong tradition of volunteer participation. Such is the norm in my state. People pull together to get things done, and Maine’s long and rich tradition of boating, fishing, and boat building is part of our rich heritage. Living on an island 12 miles off the coast of Maine, every ferry trip to or from the mainland takes me past pleasure craft, fishermen, boat-yards, and marinas. And, with my District Con-gressional Office located on Portland Harbor’s working waterfront, reminders of the economic and cultural impact of this industry surround me. I am proud of and grateful for the Maine Marine Trades Association’s commitment not only to protecting and enhancing a way of life in Maine, but to promoting an important, time- honored means of making a living. HONORING COLONEL OTIS EVANS, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Otis Evans, U.S. Army, retired. COL Evans answered the call to de-fend our great nation for 27 years and con-tinues to dutifully serve his community of Killeen, Texas in civilian life. An exemplary serviceman and citizen, it is my honor to award COL Evans with the Congressional Vet-erans Commendation. A distinguished military graduate from Prai-rie View A&M University, COL Evans commis-sioned as a Second Lieutenant and began his military career flying aero-medical evacuation aircraft in Vietnam. In high-risk situations rang-ing from enemy fire to extreme weather, COL Evans remained steadfastly loyal to his fellow soldiers, refusing to abort a mission without the wounded aboard his aircraft. Relying on the Good Lord for strength, COL Evans’ lead-ership, dedication, and bravery saved the lives of many. For his service and bravery in com-bat, COL Evans was awarded the Silver Star, two Distinguish Flying Crosses, Bronze Star, the Combat Medical Badge, and the Master Aviator Badge. After twelve years of flying, COL Evans transitioned to Heath Care Oper-ations, and later to Health Care Administra-tion, concluding his career at Walter Reed Medical Center. COL Evans’ service and sense of duty did not culminate with his military service. Upon returning to the great state of Texas, COL Evans dedicated his civilian life to the uplifting and betterment of his community, serving on the Killeen City Council, the Central Texas Council of Governments, and as President of the Killeen, Texas Branch, NAACP. Alongside his involvement in these and numerous other organizations, COL Evans has remained com-mitted to honoring his fallen brothers in arms, assisting in the planning of the 2009 Fort Hood shooting memorial. COL Evans’ patriotism and commitment to service reflect the very best values of Central Texas. He is a hero who has devoted his life to defending our freedoms abroad and serving his community at home. I join his wife, Rosa-lind, his children, and grandchildren in wishing him the best in the years ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE AMER-ICAN ARAB CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE FOR ITS PROMOTION OF ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me today in recognizing the Arab American Chamber of Commerce for its economic and trade development efforts. The Chamber has served the Michigan community well, and we wish them continued success in helping to build a vibrant and diverse economy for our region and state. Founded in 1992, the American Arab Cham-ber of Commerce has worked to support the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.032 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1515 November 17, 2016 
Arab American business community through its networking and development efforts. The Chamber facilitates delegations between Michigan and U.S.-based companies and those in the Middle East. It also provides infor-mation and resources regarding opportunities in the Middle Eastern market. As the largest Arab American business organization in the United States, the Arab American Chamber of Commerce has attracted numerous corporate sponsors in its effort to build economic bridges between different cultures. The Commerce’s activities have not only led to increased business opportunities among companies in the Arab American community, but its efforts to promote greater economic ties have also improved intercultural dialogue be-tween the Arab American community and its partners. It is great to see the positive impact the Chamber has had in building bridges and promoting greater cultural understanding be-tween Arab American businesses and the community at large. It is my hope that the or-ganization continues to play a leadership role in creating lasting bonds between different cul-tures and communities. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the Arab American Chamber of Commerce for its economic and trade development efforts. The Chamber has served the Michigan community well and is committed to work toward success moving forward. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EL COMERCIO DE COLORADO 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate El Comercio de Colorado on their award-winning editorial excellence. El Comercio de Colorado is a bilingual newspaper which has served Colorado and the Denver area since 1999 with articles about international, national and local news topics of importance to our community. El Comercio de Colorado has embodied leadership in the His-panic printed media industry. In recognition of their quality publications, the National Associa-tion of Hispanic Publications (NAHP) has pre-sented El Comercio de Colorado with four Gold Jose´Martı´Publishing Awards. El Comercio de Colorado was noted as hav-ing the number one Classified Ads section in the nation during the 34th edition of the Jose ´ Martı´Publishing Awards. For industry leading distinction, the sports section was awarded two gold awards for content and design, as well as cartoonist Angonoa, whom received gold for outstanding work. El Comercio de Colorado’s also received honorable mentions for editorial content, photography, illustrations and design. I would like to congratulate President Manuel Tejada and Editor Eva Tejada, as well as the entire staff at El Comercio de Colorado on a job well done. These awards show El Comercio de Colorado’s unwavering commit-ment to quality publications and the Hispanic printed media community. TRIBUTE TO LINDA AND NEIL GOOS HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Linda and Neil Goos of Glenwood, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 7, 1966 at First Christian Church in Glenwood. Linda and Neil’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, and their grand-children truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
DR. CONNIE ALMEIDA WINS MEN-TAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Connie Almeida of Fort Bend County, TX for being awarded the Mental Health Professional of the Year Award by the Texas Crisis Intervention Team. As Fort Bend County’s Behavioral Health Director, Dr. Almeida received this award thanks to her significant strides in working with local law enforcement to improve responses to the mental health community. She’s been con-sistently working to improve the way Fort Bend County responds to mental health crises and issues by speaking with the government, community groups, mental health providers, law enforcement and the courts. Her goal is to improve the conditions for those with mental illness and addictions that come into contact with Fort Bend County courts. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dr. Connie Almeida for receiving the Mental Health Professional of the Year Award. We are very thankful for all her hard work to progress the services and systems for those with mental illnesses. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TAYLOR CONSERVATORY FOUNDATION AND THE SUCCESS OF ITS 10TH ANNUAL SWEET HARVEST GALA 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Taylor Conservatory Foundation for its conservation initiatives in Southeast Michigan. The organization has contributed to a more sustainable and livable southeast Michigan that benefits both residents and visi-tors. The Taylor Conservatory Foundation was in-corporated in 2005 to protect and preserve the natural environment and promote the arts and sciences while creating more sustainable pub-lic spaces. Since its inception, the organization has maintained the Taylor Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, a park containing a garden that is open to the public. The Taylor Conser-vancy Foundation also promotes community garden development and sponsors educational programs to raise awareness about the effects and importance of conservation on the envi-ronment. In addition, the foundation hosts a variety of community events, including a sum-mertime Music & Arts in the Gardens series to promote community development while fur-thering the organization’s sustainability goals. Michigan’s environmental heritage is funda-mental to its identity and economic health, and it is critical that we continue to safeguard it for future generations. The Taylor Conservancy Foundation, through its conservation work and efforts to raise public awareness of environ-mental issues, has played an important role in protecting the environment and public spaces in the State of Michigan. Its efforts have been critical to providing education about environ-mental issues and ensuring that southeast Michigan residents remain well-informed about the social, educational and environmental needs of our country. The growth and devel-opment of the Taylor Conservancy Foundation is a testament to the positive impact the group has had on the wider Michigan community, and it is my hope that it continues to further its mission of upholding conservation and sus-tainability of the environment in Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the growth and success of the Taylor Conservancy Foundation. The organization continues to play a leading role in addressing environmental conservation through its initiatives. f 
HONORING SERGEANT FRANK THOMPSON 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Frank Thompson, for his dedication and service to our country. SGT Thompson’s extraordinary commitment to community and service reflects the best val-ues of Central Texas. He is a fitting recipient of a Congressional Veterans Commendation. SGT Thompson was born in the small town of Troy, Texas, where he later attended A&M University. At the start of World War II, SGT Thompson left college to serve his country in the U.S. Army. In July 1943, SGT Thompson served in the South Pacific with H. Co, 172nd Infantry 43rd Division. His unit received five Distinguished Unit Citations, and for his serv-ice, SGT Thompson received the Asiatic-Pa-cific Medal with 3 Bronze stars, the Philippine Liberation Medal with 1 Bronze star, the Com-bat Infantry badge, and the Good Conduct Medal. SGT Thompson is a highly respected citizen involved in a number of different organiza-tions, which exemplifies his commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.036 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1516 November 17, 2016 
community and nation. After returning from the war, SGT Thompson followed in the footsteps of his grandfather, J.Q. Thompson, who was instrumental in the founding of the town and school system in Troy. SGT Thompson joined the Troy Masonic Lodge where he served as the secretary for 38 years, and was recog-nized for being a Mason for 60 years in 2007. SGT Thompson also served on the first Troy City Council, the Bank of Troy Board of Direc-tors, and was a Charter Member of the Troy Volunteer Fire Department. With admiration and deep respect, we pay tribute to SGT Thompson for his sacrifices for our country and the lasting impact he has had on his community and beyond. Dedicated pub-lic servants like him make Central Texas a great place to live. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO MAHMOUD OTHMAN ATTA 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to the life and work of Mahmoud Othman Atta a highly-respected leader in the Muslim and interfaith community, veteran, husband, father and grandfather. Mr. Mahmoud Othman Atta died on November 9, 2016 at the age of 80. Mr. Atta was born in the Palestinian terri-tories and moved to Milwaukee at age 16 with his dual-citizen father. He graduated from West Division High School in Milwaukee, Wis-consin, attended two years of technical college and was drafted into the U.S. Army, serving as a medic. After his military service Mr. Atta returned to the Palestinian territories, where he married his wife, Intisar and had two chil-dren. He later returned to Milwaukee with his family in the mid-1960s. He is regarded as the Milwaukee area’s first de-facto imam, leading prayers and religious services in homes, though he never held the title full time. Local Muslims hailed from var-ious homelands, speaking different languages and Mr. Atta bridged those divides through communal worship. He organized classes to teach Arabic, the language of the Qur’an so that everyone would be able to pray and read the Holy Book together. Mahmoud Othman Atta was one of the Is-lamic Society of Milwaukee’s seven founding members. Mr. Atta guided Milwaukee’s Muslim community and the Islamic Society of Mil-waukee in the 1970s, when an estimated 200 Muslims lived in the city. He helped lead fund-raising for the purchase of its main center on the city’s south side and served on the soci-ety’s first board of trustees, a position he held for about a decade. Mahmoud Othman Atta was a natural lead-er. He saw the value in reaching across racial and religious lines, joining interfaith organiza-tions and Muslim-Christian dialogue groups. He was respected for his character and his knowledge. Mr. Atta would open his home to a stranger; realizing how it felt like to be alone without family, so he always had a soft spot in his heart for students or individuals who were coming from overseas. Mr. Atta worked as an engine technician at Briggs & Stratton for about 25 years, retiring in 1990 after suffering his first stroke. Mr. Atta had been in declining health in recent years and suffered a stroke while he and his wife spent several months in the Palestinian areas. He returned to the Palestinian territories every year or two, where his large family is well- known. About 1,000 people there have at-tended visitations spread over three days, after his death. Mahmoud Othman Atta is survived by his wife Intisar; 2 sons Othman and Ihsan; 2 daughters, Janan and Bayan; and 12 grand-children Mr. Speaker, Milwaukee has experi-enced a profound loss with the passing of Mahmoud Othman Atta. He had an attach-ment to Milwaukee, and he loved the Mid-western lifestyle. Today, I thank him and his family for their immeasurable achievements, I mourn his loss and I salute his legacy. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBE´N HINOJOSA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in the House chamber for cer-tain roll call votes on Monday, November 14th through Wednesday, November 16th. Had I been present on these days, I would have voted ‘aye’ on roll calls 575, 576, 577, 578 and ‘nay’ on roll calls 579 and 580. 
f 
DR. KELLY J. ZU´N˜IGA NAMED CEO OF HOLOCAUST MUSEUM HOUSTON 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Kelly J. Zu´n˜iga of Sugar Land, TX for being named the chief executive officer of the Holocaust Museum Houston. Dr. Zu´n˜iga was brought to the Holocaust Museum Houston as executive director to ex-pand outreach and enhance programming to expand the museum’s reach throughout the community. Her experience and success have brought the museum forward, making her the obvious choice for the CEO position. Dr. Zu´n˜iga has more than 25 years’ experience in building, managing and leading fundraising teams that focus on the successful completion of capital and endowment campaigns. In 2012, she was also named as one of ‘‘Houston’s Most Influential Women of 2012’’ by Houston Woman magazine. She is a true leader. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dr. Kelly J. Zu´n˜iga for being named CEO of the Holocaust Museum Houston. We are con-fident she will expand her success as the new CEO. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDY AND JOHN CLARK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Judy and John Clark of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on August 19, 1966. Judy and John’s lifelong commitment to each other, their children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AMY AND DAN LOEPP FOR BEING NAMED EDWARD H. MCNAMARA GOOD-FELLOW OF THE YEAR 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the community service and steward-ship of Amy and Dan Loepp, the recipients of the 2016 Edward H. McNamara Goodfellow of the Year award. Amy and Dan have been dedicated in the efforts to improve the greater Detroit area through their involvement in non-profit groups and local charities. Since 1914, the Old Newsboys’ Goodfellow Fund of Detroit has provided aid to children in the greater Detroit metropolitan area. Detroit Goodfellows donates and distributes holiday gift boxes to needy children that includes toys, books and warm clothing. Additionally, the group donates shoes for children who cannot afford proper footwear and provides dental care to those individuals who do not have ac-cess to it. Detroit Goodfellows also gives grants to children to attend summer camps, in-cluding the Detroit Fire Department Camp and the Detroit Police Department’s ‘‘Explorers’’ program. Detroit Goodfellows honors individuals who have demonstrated commitment to the Detroit community through its Edward H. McNamara Goodfellow of the Year award. This year, Amy and Dan Loepp were named recipients of this award for their service to the community. Dan Loepp is the current president and CEO of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and oversaw the relocation of 3,000 Blue Cross employees into downtown Detroit, providing an economic boost to the surrounding region. His wife, Amy, cofounded Impact100 Oakland County, an organization that awards grants to nonprofit organizations in Oakland County. Both Amy and Dan have also been strong supporters of various philanthropic organiza-tions in the greater Detroit area. Amy and Dan embody the values of charity and community that Detroit Goodfellows rep-resent. Their selfless actions and innovative initiatives on behalf of the Detroit community have contributed to the well-being of the city while creating a more decent life for countless children in need. They have been tireless ad-vocates on behalf of the region, and it is my hope that they continue to be involved in initia-tives to improve the southeastern Michigan re-gion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.041 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1517 November 17, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the Old Newsboys’ Good-fellow Fund of Detroit, as well as Amy and Dan Loepp. They have provided services crit-ical to the well-being of countless Michigan children and their families. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE OF CORPORAL ROBERTO VASQUEZ 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the service of Corporal Ro-berto Vasquez. The embodiment of the U.S. Marine Corps’ values of honor, courage, and commitment, Cpl. Vasquez is a fitting recipient of a Congressional Veteran Commendation. Cpl. Vasquez’s seven years of honorable service in the Marines from 1983–89 rein-forced his innate drive to not quit until the job is done and done right. He leaves every situa-tion better then he found it and has made per-manent and positive impacts on his beloved Hutto, TX. Whether it’s teaching, working with at-risk kids, or coaching football, Cpl. Vasquez com-municates the importance of self-respect to young people. His honors as an educator and his achievements as a school administrator are testimonies to his skill and devotion to en-suring students receive the education and guidance they deserve. Yet Cpl. Vasquez’s commitment to commu-nity doesn’t stop at the schoolhouse gate. He’s active in Cub Scouts, feeding the hungry, and is a devout member of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church. As Commander of American Legion Post 302 in Hutto, TX, Cpl. Vasquez has seen the membership of this proud orga-nization devoted to the family of veterans grow under his leadership. Most important, he’s never forgotten those who served but did not return. Corporal Roberto Vasquez’s motto is ‘‘other first.’’ These stirring words aren’t a meaning-less expression but a deep and lasting creed that is the guiding force of his life. It’s the work of selfless citizens like Cpl. Vasquez that keep our country safe and make cities like Hutto, TX wonderful places to live. I commend his commitment to his Corps, his nation, and his community and am honored to award him a Congressional Veteran Commendation. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,871,327,867,180.13. We’ve added $9,244,450,818,267.05 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. BROOKE BOTKIN FINISHES AN IN-CREDIBLE HIGH SCHOOL VOLLEYBALL CAREER HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pearland’s Brooke Botkin for her outstanding volleyball career at Pearland High School. The 6-foot, 3
1⁄2inch senior is preparing to complete her fourth year starting for the Lady Oilers. Brooke’s impressive career has in-cluded being named as a Wendy’s 2016 High School Heisman candidate, a three-time all- state selection and two-time Greater Houston Volleyball Preseason Player of the Year, not to mention numerous national honors. Her coach, John Turner, said she was the best six-rotation player the school has ever had, surpassing everyone with her blocking ability, digging, aces, setting and ‘‘of course, the kills.’’ On top of her near perfect grade point average, Brooke spends her spare time help-ing with clothing drives, food drives, beach cleanup in Galveston and working youth volleyball clinics. She will attend and play volleyball for the University of Southern Cali-fornia in early 2017. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again on her exceptional volleyball career at Pearland High School. We know she will rep-resent Pearland well in California. 
f 
HONORING ENGINEERING AIDE CHIEF TROY R. COLE, SR., U.S. NAVY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Engineering Aide Chief Troy R. Cole Sr., U.S. Navy, Retired, of Cedar Park, Texas. A World War II, Korean War, and Viet-nam War veteran, EAC Cole served as a guardian of our great nation against countless enemies. A true patriot and exceptional cit-izen, EAC Cole is a deserving recipient of a Congressional Veteran Commendation. An intrinsic sense of adventure inspired EAC Cole to begin his naval career at age 17, shortly after World War II began. With a ca-reer spanning over three decades, EAC Cole saw much combat, and received numerous commendations, medals, and awards as testa-ment to his exemplary service. Yet even upon retirement, the call to serve his beloved coun-try continued to burn inside. EAC Cole re-turned to the Navy he loves, spending the next decade teaching, training, and mentoring the next generation of service men and women. EAC Cole’s love of country is matched only by his commitment to his fellow service mem-bers. Today, EAC Cole remains devoted to celebrating the life, and honoring the memory, of his brothers and sisters in arms. Each year, EAC Cole invests countless hours in orches-trating many of Cedar Park’s veteran memo-rials, parades, and ceremonies. He is beloved by the Cedar Park community for his leader-ship and passion. EAC Cole serves his fellow men with the same dedication, honor, and humility with which he defended his country. He exemplifies what it means to be an American, consistently placing his country and fellow men before him-self. May we all follow the example of great men such as EAC Cole, and live a life of pas-sion, loyalty, and selflessness. f 
RECOGNIZING KENN TUCKEY AS THE CENTRAL PENN BUSINESS JOURNAL’S 2016 HALL OF FAME INDUCTEE 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Kenn Tuckey as the Central Penn Business Journal’s 2016 Hall of Fame Inductee. Each year, the Central Penn Busi-ness Journal honors top companies and indi-vidual leaders for their outstanding contribu-tions to Central Pennsylvania’s business com-munity. Kenn’s businesses have been in my district for almost five decades, and his com-mitment to customer service and community engagement have been essential to his contin-ued success. The Tuckey Companies include Tuckey Metal Fabricators, Tuckey Mechanical Serv-ices, and Tuckey Restoration. Established in 1968 as Frank Black Mechanical Services and with a focus on residential services, Kenn’s fa-ther, Denver, purchased the company in 1981 and renamed it Tuckey Mechanical Services. Kenn founded Tuckey Metal Fabricators in 1978, and after purchasing the mechanical services business from his father in 1984, he was approached by local community leaders who identified a need for an emergency repair company that would specialize in fire and water damaged property. With the creation of Tuckey Restoration in 1992, Kenn used his years of experience to meet this need, and eventually brought all three companies under one umbrella. He has grown the companies into leaders in the industrial and commercial sectors, and has been recognized with the prestigious Chrysalis Award for Remodeling Excellence and an ‘‘Impeccable Workman-ship’’ citation from the Pennsylvania General Assembly. Although three generations of Tuckeys still work within the organization, Kenn has always understood the value in engaging the commu-nity at large. Giving back to the community has always been a top priority for Kenn. He and his employees have volunteered for orga-nizations such as Big Brothers Big Sisters, the Carlisle YMCA, Habitat for Humanity, and Hospice of Central PA. Kenn’s reputation in Carlisle is nothing short of exceptional, and this has allowed him to engage in various other ventures that benefit the region. The Tuckeys have made a commitment to spurring growth in Central Pennsylvania by purchasing old, rundown buildings, such as St. Paul Lu-theran Church in Newville, and renovating them into state of the art housing commu-nities. Hard work and quality service do not go unnoticed, and Kenn’s impact on the region has afforded him a reputation that will inspire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.046 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1518 November 17, 2016 
business leaders across the Commonwealth for generations. Mr. Speaker, with decades of success in my district and a commitment to giving back to the broader community, it’s my honor to recognize Kenn Tuckey as the Central Penn Business Journal’s 2016 Hall of Fame Inductee. Kenn’s work, through the Tuckey Companies, has created countless jobs for my constituents and spurred economic growth in the region. On be-half of my constituents, I congratulate Kenn for this induction and wish him and his family all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOANN AND TOM TEWS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate JoAnn and Tom Tews of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on August 28, 2016. JoAnn and Tom’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
HONORING ALBERT CAMPOS ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM LAPD 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Police Service Representative Albert Campos for his 34 years of dedicated service to the Los Angeles Police Department. Albert Campos began his career at Commu-nications Division on May 24, 1982, as a Po-lice Service Representative and is the last re-maining member of his class. Immediately after joining Communications, Albert began receiving commendations for his professionalism and excellent work ethic. He was commended by Captain Harrison, Newton FSD for an outstanding job on a Newton Task Force on March 7, 1983. On October 31, 1988, Albert was com-mended for ‘‘Bringing Home the Gold’’ as a member of the United States Para-Olympics Wheelchair Basketball team in Seoul, Korea. The team was victorious as they had defeated six other teams. He was honored that Novem-ber by the Mayor, The Police Commission, the Los Angeles City Council and the Los Angeles Board of Supervisors for his participation. Throughout his career Albert has been con-sistently recognized for his commitment to ex-cellence and outstanding support of the offi-cers in the field especially during emergencies and tactical situations. His stellar performance made him a pleasure to work with. Albert’s professionalism, expertise and friendship were and are appreciated by his peers and co-work-ers, who describe him as a quiet professional. For his many contributions to our community and for his dedication and commitment to the Division, the Department and the citizens of Los Angeles, I would like to recognize Albert Campos here on the House floor today. f 
DONNA COLE RECEIVES 2016 WOMEN IN ENERGY LEADER-SHIPS’ LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Houston’s Donna Cole for receiv-ing the Lifetime Achievement Award, part of the Houston Business Journal’s 2016 Women in Energy Leadership awards. Donna was selected for her successful lead-ership and the significant strides she has made in the energy industry. As a 27-year-old single mother, she founded Cole Chemical Distributing Inc. with only $5,000. Since then, her company has grown and expanded, pro-viding a range of products and services, from fuel and chemicals to supply chain manage-ment for the aerospace, automotive, refineries, petrochemical, specialty chemical plants, per-sonal care, and electricity utility industries. In 2010, Donna was recognized at a Breakfast of Champions by the Harris County Education Department and was named one of Houston’s 50 Most Influential Woman of the Year by Houston Woman Magazine. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Donna Cole for receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award. We are proud of her and thank her for all she has done for the energy industry. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN GEORGE WHITE, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain George White, U.S. Army, Retired, a decorated soldier and distin-guished citizen of Round Rock, TX. In all as-pects of life, CPT White goes above and be-yond the call of duty. It is my honor to award him the Congressional Veteran Commenda-tion. Upon his enlistment in the Army in 1968, CPT White volunteered for a tour of duty in Vietnam, eager to serve his beloved country. As testament to the quality of his service, CPT White received numerous medals including the Bronze Star, the Army Commendation Medal, and the South Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry. A true patriot, CPT White continued to honor-ably answer the call to serve even following his discharge from active duty. For seven more years, CPT White volunteered in an Army Reserve battalion, where he com-manded every firing battery in the battalion. Under his leadership, his unit was named Best Firing Battery in the battalion each year. In civilian life, CPT White has served those around him with boundless altruism and exem-plary leadership. A profound and respected pillar in the Round Rock community, CPT White has served on numerous committees and boards, volunteered countless hours in community service, and has consistently placed his neighbors’ needs before his own. He served on the city council for eight years, the last two as Mayor Pro Tem. For these rea-sons and many more, his community came to-gether in 2005 to honor CPT White as Round Rock Citizen of the Year. A reflection of the very best values of Cen-tral Texas and America, CPT White’s service to his community and country has made a re-sounding impact on those around him. I thank and commend CPT White, a passionate lead-er with a servant’s heart, for his dedication and service. f 
TRIBUTE TO JANICE AND LARRY BROWN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Janice and Larry Brown of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on August 6, 1966 at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Janice and Larry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17NO8.051 E17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1052 Thursday, November 17, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6425–S6497 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3472–3482, and S. Res. 616–619.
                                                       Page S6484 
Measures Reported: S. 1869, to improve Federal network security and authorize and enhance an existing intrusion detection and prevention system for civilian Federal networks, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–378) S. 3087, to establish the American Fisheries Advi-sory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants and for other pur-poses, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–379) S. 2580, to establish the Indian Education Agency to streamline the administration of Indian education, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–380) S. 2643, to improve the implementation of the settlement agreement reached between the Pueblo de Cochiti of New Mexico and the Corps of Engineers, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–381) S. 2717, to improve the safety and address the de-ferred maintenance needs of Indian dams to prevent flooding on Indian reservations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–382) H.R. 3218, Designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4887, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’. H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5309, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieuten-ant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5356, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’. H.R. 5591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 5676, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5798, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 5889, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military He-roes Post Office Building’’.
                          Pages S6483–84 
Measures Passed: R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse: Committee on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consider-ation of H.R. 5873, to designate the Federal build-ing and United States courthouse located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R.E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S6493 
Prescribed Burn Approval Act: Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry was discharged from further consideration of S. 3395, to require limitations on prescribed burns, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                  Page S6493 
Veterans Mobility Safety Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consid-eration of H.R. 3471, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the provision of automobiles and adaptive equipment by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                           Page S6493 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17NO6.REC D17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1053 November 17, 2016 
McConnell (for Moran/Tester) Amendment No. 5111, in the nature of a substitute.
                 Page S6493 
Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Ma-rine Operations: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4902, to amend title 5, United States Code, to expand law enforcement availability pay to employees of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Air and Marine Operations, and the bill was then passed.
                                        Page S6493 
Security Clearance Accountability, Reform, and Enhancement Act: Senate passed S. 434, to strengthen the accountability of individuals involved in misconduct affecting the integrity of background investigations, to update guidelines for security clearances, to prevent conflicts of interest relating to contractors providing background investigation fieldwork services and investigative support services. 
                                                                                    Pages S6493–95 
National Bladder Health Month: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 604, expressing support for the designation of November 2016 as ‘‘National Bladder Health Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S6495 
Drive Safer Sunday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 617, designating November 27, 2016, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’.
                                                             Page S6495 
Congratulating the Chicago Cubs: Senate agreed to S. Res. 618, commending and congratulating the Chicago Cubs on their 2016 World Series victory. 
                                                                                            Page S6495 
National Native American Heritage Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 619, recognizing National Native American Heritage Month and celebrating the heritages and cultures of Native Americans and the contributions of Native Americans to the United States.
                                                         Pages S6490, S6496–97 
Measures Considered: American Energy and Conservation Act: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 3110, to provide for reforms of the administration of the outer Continental Shelf of the United States, to provide for the development of geothermal, solar, and wind energy on public land. 
                                                                                    Pages S6427–38 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 153), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S6436 House Messages: Tom Stagg United States Court House: Senate concurred in the amendments of the House of Rep-resentatives to S. 2754, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreveport, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg United States Court House’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S6492–93 
Authorizing Leadership To Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S6495 
Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act— Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 11:00 a.m., on Tues-day November 29, 2016, Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further consideration of S. 2873, to require studies and reports examining the use of, and opportunities to use, technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models to improve programs of the Department of Health and Human Services, and Sen-ate begin consideration of the bill; that Alexander Amendment No. 5110 be agreed to, that there be up to 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. 
                                                                                            Page S6492 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, November 18, 2016 at 9:30 a.m.; Tuesday, November 22, 2016 at 11 a.m.; and Friday, November 25, 2016 at 11 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, November 25, 2016, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, No-vember 28, 2016.
                                                      Page S6495 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6466 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6466–70 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S6470–83 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6484 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6484–86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17NO6.REC D17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1054 November 17, 2016 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6486–90 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6463–66 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6490–92 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6492 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6492 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—153)
                                                                Page S6437 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:07 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, November 18, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6495.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: H.R. 3218, designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1221 State Street, Suite 12, Santa Barbara, California, as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4887, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’; H.R. 5150, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3031 Veterans Road West in Staten Island, New York, as the ‘‘Leonard Montalto Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5309, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 401 McElroy Drive in Oxford, Mississippi, as the ‘‘Army First Lieuten-ant Donald C. Carwile Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5356, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’; H.R. 5591, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 810 N US Highway 83 in Zapata, Texas, as the ‘‘Zapata Veterans Post Office’’; H.R. 5676, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6300 N. Northwest Highway in Chicago, Illinois, as the ‘‘Officer Joseph P. Cali Post Office Building’’; H.R. 5798, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Of-fice Building’’; H.R. 5889, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military He-roes Post Office Building’’; and The nominations of Robert G. Taub, of New York, and Mark D. Acton, of Kentucky, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commis-sion. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 43 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6336–6378; 1 private bill, H.R. 6379; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 102–103; H. Con. Res. 173; and H.Res. 928–931 were intro-duced.
                                                               Pages H6299–H6300 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6302 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 564, to amend the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–830).                                                         Page H6299 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:28 a.m. and re-convened at 10:50 a.m.
                                          Page H6283 
Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5982, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consider-ation in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 585.
                                  Pages H6274–83, H6283–88 
Rejected the Pocan motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17NO6.REC D17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1055 November 17, 2016 
to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 584.
                                Pages H6286–87 
Rejected: Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–818) that sought to exempt from the bill rules that are proposed more than three years prior to submission to Congress;
               Pages H6279–80 
Conyers amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–818) that sought to exempt from the bill rules that are necessary to prevent an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency (by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 581);
                                                           Pages H6278–79, H6284 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–818) that sought to exempt any rule promulgated to prevent, respond to, or mitigate matters of national security (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 582); and 
                                                                Pages H6280–82, H6284–85 
Connolly en bloc amendment consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–818: Connolly (No. 4) that sought to exempt from the bill rules that the Director of the Office of Management and Budget determines would have benefits that exceed their costs; and Connolly (No. 5) that sought to exempt from the bill rules that are necessary to address the harmful effects of climate change (by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 583).
                                 Pages H6282–83, H6285–86 
H. Res. 921, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5711) and (H.R. 5982) was agreed to yesterday, November 16th. Prohibiting the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. finan-cial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran: The House passed H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. fi-nancial institution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 587. Consideration began yesterday, November 16th.
            Pages H6288–89 
Rejected the Swalwell (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 181 yeas to 235 nays, Roll No. 586. Consider-ation began yesterday, November 16th. 
                                                                                    Pages H6288–89 H. Res. 921, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5711) and (H.R. 5982) was agreed to yesterday, November 16th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. tomorrow, November 18.
                Page H6289 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H6289. Senate Referrals: S. 1808 was held at the desk. S. 1915 was held at the desk. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and five recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6284, H6284–85, H6285–86, H6287, H6287–88, H6288–89, and H6289. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:33 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY SUPPORT TO THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Intelligence Commu-nity Support to the U.S. Department of Defense’’. Testimony was heard from James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence; Robert Work, Deputy Sec-retary of Defense; and Marcel Lettre, Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
Joint Meetings 
ECONOMIC OUTLOOK Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the economic outlook, after re-ceiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17NO6.REC D17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1056 November 17, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Friday, November 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 3 p.m., Friday, November 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 3 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1517 Barton, Joe, Tex., E1508 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1508 Carter, John R., Tex., E1503, E1506, E1509, E1510, E1511, E1514, E1515, E1517, E1517, E1518 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1515, E1517 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1511 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1510, E1511, E1512, E1514, E1514, E1515, E1516 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1503, E1507 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1505 Hinojosa, Rube´n, Tex., E1516 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E1503 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1504 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1508, E1513 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1506, E1509, E1513 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1503, E1504, E1505, E1506, E1507 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1516 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1506 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1512, E1515, E1516, E1517, E1518 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1510 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1508, E1509, E1509, E1511, E1511, E1512, E1513, E1514 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1508, E1514 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1513 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1504 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1518 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E1512 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1509 Young, David, Iowa, E1503, E1505, E1507, E1511, E1512, E1513, E1515, E1516, E1518, E1518 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Nov 18, 2016 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17NO6.REC D17NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST