Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2847 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2016 No. 80 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. This House gathers once again to consider matters of great importance to America’s citizens and many beyond our borders as well. We recall the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 by which we committed ourselves to advocate and act, where possible, on behalf of any who are persecuted world-wide for their adherence to religious faith. Bless the Members today in their resolve to act consistently with this policy, and empower them to faithfully protect people of faith in danger of per-secution. Bless, also, America’s Ambassador- at-Large for International Religious Freedom within the Department of State, the Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom, and the Special Adviser on International Reli-gious Freedom within the National Se-curity Council as they labor to secure religious freedoms at home and around the world. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I de-mand a vote on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. WALORSKI led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mrs. BLACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of National Police Week and the courageous law enforcement personnel who serve Tennessee day in and day out. Police Week occurs every year, but this year demands special attention be-cause recently we have seen some cor-ners of society offer a negative por-trayal of our police. We have heard in-stances of strained relationships be-tween communities and the police offi-cers that patrol them, and we have seen activists and agitators who cast our police as villains when they should be lifted up every day as heroes. So, Mr. Speaker, let us in Congress speak clearly on this issue today: We honor and respect the brave men and women of our police force. We pray for their safety and the safety of their families, and we reject the angry voices who seek to tarnish the most noble of professions. Mr. Speaker, on National Police Week and throughout the year, let us remember—police lives matter. f 
RECOGNIZING OFFICER CORAL WALKER OF OMAHA, NEBRASKA (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an Omaha police of-ficer whose heroic actions, while put-ting his own life on the line, saved the lives of countless innocent bystanders. I am honored to note that Officer Coral Walker is the recipient of the U.S. Justice Department’s Public Safe-ty Officer Medal of Valor. On June 15, 2013, Officer Walker was on patrol when a 911 call alerted him that a gunman was randomly shooting people. Two died, and two others were critically wounded. When he pulled up on the scene, Officer Walker ordered the shooter to stop and drop his weap-on, a .45 caliber handgun. Ignoring Offi-cer Walker, the gunman opened fire on the brave patrolman. As several shots were fired at Officer Walker, two hit-ting his police car, he fired back, kill-ing the man and protecting those near-by. Officer Walker’s selfless actions came as other innocent lives stood in the balance. The gunman, in the country illegally and carrying two additional loaded magazines, was walking toward a busy business area when Officer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.000 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2848 May 19, 2016 
Walker stepped in. Only Officer Walk-er’s exceptional courage, disregarding his own safety, brought this deadly shooting spree to an end. The Omaha community, the State of Nebraska, and our Nation are grateful for the heroic actions of Officer Coral Walker. 
f 
REMEMBERING GLEN NELSON (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a Minnesota legend, Glen Nelson, who passed away last week. Glen was a medical pioneer whose work has transformed the lives of many thousands and thousands of peo-ple. From performing surgeries to cre-ating medical devices to leading sev-eral healthcare companies, Glen did it all. Health care was his career, and that is because he recognized the power of medicine and innovation and how it could be used to make a difference in the lives of his neighbors. Glen put it best when he said: ‘‘As a surgeon, you save one life at a time, but with medical devices, you know you are saving so many more.’’ Glen did what he did not to make money or gain fame. Glen was a lead-ing doctor, inventor, philanthropist, and great family man because he cared about people, and he valued giving back to others. Mr. Speaker, the loss of Glen Nelson is something that all Minnesota is feel-ing. Our State, our country, and our medical community are better off be-cause of the leadership and passionate spirit of Glen Nelson. 
f 
FLORIDA’S GUN LAWS (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, my home State of Florida has some of the abso-lute worst gun laws in the country. Much like Congress, Florida’s Legis-lature has done nothing to prevent vio-lent criminals from getting guns. Ac-cording to a report in the south Florida Sun-Sentinel, in just 1 year, Florida granted permits to 1,400 people who pled guilty or no contest to crimes in-cluding homicide, assaults, and child molestation. There are Members of this Congress who want to burden the entire country with Florida’s shamefully weak gun laws in a race to the bottom for gun permit standards. Even the current reciprocity agreements between States are strained by how easy Florida makes it to get a permit. In 2010, the Philadelphia Daily News found that 2,500 Pennsylvanians ap-plied for gun permits in Florida. Non-residents apply for Florida permits to take advantage of Florida’s shocking failure to protect its own residents from gun violence. This Congress must reject legislation that would force States across the country to abide by Florida’s or any other State’s weak gun safety stand-ards. Passing this reckless legislation would, unfortunately, make gun vio-lence Florida’s most shameful export. f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and sacrifice of the brave police officers who put their lives on the line each day to keep our communities safe. This week is National Police Week, and communities all across America are showing their appreciation for the law enforcement officers who dedicate themselves to serving and protecting the public and bringing criminals to justice. We also remember the heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty, and we think of the families they left be-hind. It is our duty to make sure that those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their communities will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Americans to take the time this week to simply say ‘‘thank you’’ to a police officer in their city or town. We are grateful for their service, we are humbled by their cour-age, and we are indebted to them for their sacrifice. 
f 
NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Infra-structure Week. Our national infrastructure is in dire need of repair. The American Society of Civil Engineers’ most recent report card gave American infrastructure a D- plus. Many of us here are parents. If your child came home with a D-plus, you would work with them on their home-work, find a tutor, or maybe punish them. Yet our response to a near fail-ing infrastructure grade is neglect. In the short term, investments in our national infrastructure create jobs. In the long term, they help communities grow and expand opportunity. I recently met with Transportation Secretary Foxx to discuss the proposed South Suburban Airport. With the na-tional spotlight on the long lines at O’Hare and Midway, it is clear that the Chicago region needs an investment in a new airport to expand the region’s air traffic capacity. Investing in infrastructure is a win in both the short term and the long term. So this week, I urge my col-leagues to stand with me and work to-gether to invest in our future by im-proving and strengthening our Nation’s infrastructure. f 
CALIFORNIA HIGH-SPEED RAIL AUTHORITY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yester-day the California High-Speed Rail Au-thority admitted that it needs an addi-tional 4 years to build its first segment of track. Despite claiming that the project was shovel ready back in 2010 in order to re-ceive Federal funds, the Rail Authority has only recently started minor con-struction. Now the Obama administra-tion has extended the lifeline 4 more years to use up the so-called stimulus dollars. The project’s costs are now more than double what the Rail Authority had claimed in the beginning. It has a funding gap of over $55 billion, has changed its route repeatedly and still hasn’t settled on a route, has failed to attract a single private investment, and fails to comply with State and Federal law on the prescription of its construction. Mr. Speaker, the California High- Speed Rail Authority has broken every promise it has made to the people of California. It is time to pull the plug on a project that will not only never be completed, but is diverting billions of dollars from other infrastructure needs that people actually want, such as for our highways and needed water storage for California. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our Nation’s incredible law enforcement officers. During National Police Week, we are reminded of the important work our local law enforcement officers do each and every day. They put their lives on the line to keep us safe. They are in-credible. I am especially grateful for the life and service of Tarpon Springs Police Officer Charlie K. Kondek who made the ultimate sacrifice on December 21, 2014, protecting the citizens of Tarpon Springs, Florida, and Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Deputy John Kotfila, Jr., whom we tragically lost earlier this year. Let us never forget the sacrifice of these local officers—they are terrific— and others who have fallen in the line of duty, and let us be thankful for those who keep our communities safe. They are true American heroes, Mr. Speaker. I thank all who protect us. God bless them all. God bless the officers, and God bless America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.002 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2849 May 19, 2016 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4974, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 736 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4974. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. b0914 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4974) making appropriations for mili-tary construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) had been disposed of and the bill had been read through page 71, line 6. b0915 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
WASHINGTON  
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Upon the acceptance by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs of the newly con-structed holes 10 through 18 at the golf course at American Lake Veterans Hospital on a portion of Joint Base Lewis-McChord, which were designed by Jack Nicklaus on a pro bono basis, the holes shall be designated as the ‘‘Nicklaus Nine’’. 
Mr. HECK of Washington (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be consid-ered read. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. A point of order is re-served. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Wash-ington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Chair-man, I actually plan on withdrawing my amendment, but would like to make my colleagues aware of some amazing work being done in my dis-trict on behalf of veterans and wounded warriors. Mr. Chairman, millions—millions—of people watched the U.S. Open at Cham-bers Bay in Washington’s 10th Congres-sional District last June. It showcased, frankly, the irreplaceable beauty of golf in the Pacific Northwest. But just a 10-minute drive from Chambers Bay, you will also find yourself at beautiful American Lake. At American Lake, that is where vet-erans recover and heal from injuries at the VA facility, which is located near Joint Base Lewis-McChord. A big part of that recuperation includes a bit of TLC from another golf course in addi-tion to Chambers Bay. Since 1955, 61 years, nine holes of golf at the American Lake Veterans Golf Course is where South Sound veterans could escape the stresses of their daily lives and engage in some healthy com-petition. And let’s be honest, it is hard to look forward to a visit to the doctor, but looking forward to a round of golf with your buddies is something en-tirely different. It has become a great way for older vets to connect with younger vets for more recent conflicts. Currently, American Lake Veterans Golf Course—it is important that you hear this—is the Nation’s only golf course designed specifically for the re-habilitation of wounded and disabled veterans. Almost all of the dedicated volunteers there are veterans as well. Well, except one, and his name is Jack Nicklaus—yes, that Jack Nicklaus— the ‘‘Golden Bear,’’ widely regarded, perhaps, as the greatest golfer of our time, who now spends his time actually designing golf courses. He is the one who helped design and expand the American Lake Veterans Golf Course to include a back nine. They went from nine holes to 18. The back nine is now in place, and the course is waiting for VA Secretary McDonald to sign the necessary paperwork to formally ac-cept the course improvements. The course exists because of the de-termination of hardworking volun-teers—really angels among us. And now it is time to honor one of those committed volunteers for his commit-ment to our veterans and wounded war-riors, and officially designate holes 10 through 18 as the Nicklaus Nine. With the Nicklaus Nine, we will now have an 18-hole, 100 percent ADA acces-sible golf course to accommodate re-turning troops and our local combat veterans. With the Nicklaus Nine, we will have double the accessibility and green to offer our veterans who have given so much to all of us. Now, I am going to tell you a story, and I guarantee it is going to stay with you, I guarantee that you are going to remember this story. There is a pro-gram at American Lake Veterans Golf Course that teaches blind veterans how to play golf. One year, we had a local golfer—his name happens to be Ray Reed—who was sent to the National Blind Golf Tournament in Iowa. Ray Reed, blind, wounded warrior. And do you know what he did at that national golf tournament? He scored a hole in one. Yes, blind veterans can golf, and they learn how to do that at American Lake. It is incredible. They are an inspiration to all of us. Mr. Chairman, to avoid a point of order on my amendment, I would like to withdraw it at this time. But I hope that I can work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find another vehicle, or a standalone bill, to get this done. I strongly believe it to be appro-priate to honor and bestow on he who has changed the name of golf, the Gold-en Bear, this honor for changing the lives of wounded warriors. I hope this will encourage the design and develop-ment of more golf courses around the U.S. devoted to our veterans and our wounded warriors. With that, Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wash-ington? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is with-drawn. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GIBSON  
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available for this Act may be used by the Department of Veterans Affairs to preclude the terri-torial seas of the Republic of Vietnam from inclusion in the meaning of the Republic of Vietnam under the Agent Orange Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–4) and the amendments made by that Act. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. A point of order is re-served. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chair, I am here this morning to bring forward an amendment that is for our sailors who fought in the Vietnam war. This is about ensuring they get the health care and the benefits that they have earned through their service in Viet-nam. But in a broader sense, this is really about justice. This is about veterans who went forward and fought that war, a deeply unpopular war that divided our Nation. They were never asked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.003 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2850 May 19, 2016 
about their political leanings or what their views were on the war. They sim-ply did what they were ordered to do. They went forward and they gave their very best effort to serve us. In the process of that war, we used Agent Orange to defoliate. In the case of these sailors, serving just offshore in Vietnam, we had ships that were in-volved in resupply operations at the ports and at the harbor, and they were vulnerable. They were vulnerable be-cause there was vegetation near the ports and the harbors. As our counter-measure to that, we defoliated to give standoff for those ships to protect them. But what we have learned over time, Mr. Chairman, is that that was poi-soning our sailors, and anyone that was in close proximity. Now, and in fact in 1991, this body, along with the Senate and the President of the United States of America, enacted a law, the Agent Orange Act of 1991, that ensured that our veterans who were exposed to Agent Orange had access to the health care and the benefits that they had earned. Regrettably, in 2002, executive over-reach led to a rule that narrowed the interpretation of our law. Now it is so that you have to have served on the ground in Vietnam or in the Riverine Navy to get access to this law and to these benefits. Mr. Chairman, the people’s represent-atives never spoke on that. This is an issue we have dealt with time and again in this Chamber, both sides of the aisle, fighting back, fighting for our article I prerogatives. And this is very clear here. This body spoke. We said we had to try to make right what was wrong. So now we have about 90,000 sailors that don’t have access to health care. Mr. Chairman, be advised and be as-sured that Members of this body fight every day for these veterans in a case- by-case basis, and we do win some of these, but we don’t win all of them. It is just flatly wrong. Mr. Chairman, what this amendment does is really ensure that our article I prerogatives are secured. That we go back to the original language that we passed and the President signed. I would ask all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. The CHAIR. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I make a point of order against this amendment. Al-though it is a very well-intended amendment, and I am very sympa-thetic to what he wants to do, I think there might be a way, if the gentleman withdraws and tries to perfect that amendment, that it might be made in order. This amendment proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ The bill gives direction to that ef-fect. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. Again, I would ask my colleague to consider withdrawing and see if he can perfect that amendment so that it would be made in order. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I just want to say, I have the deepest respect for the chairman, a dear colleague and friend. But I have to say that I am as-tounded that we would talk about a point of order here when we are talking about our language. This is what we passed. What we saw is that the executive branch, with fiat, changed what it is that we passed. So I don’t know how it is that we are legislating to their exec-utive overreach. This is merely an amendment that goes back to our lan-guage. And it is not just me standing here today; 320 of our colleagues in the United States House of Representa-tives, on both sides of the aisle, believe that this needs to get done. And nearly half of the Senate, an exact companion, also believe that. Now, because of our friendship and because of the way that we have worked together, I just want to enter into a colloquy and get clarification from the chairman. What I think I heard him say mo-ments ago is that, if I withdraw, he will work with us so that we can re-assert our Article I powers and ensure that we have justice for these Vietnam veterans who deserve these benefits. Can I get that clarification from the chairman? The CHAIR. The Chair will hear each Member individually on the point of order. A point of order is pending. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized to be heard on the point of order. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, on the point of order, the point I am trying to make is this: if the amendment is withdrawn, it can be reworked so that it would be in order. We believe that there is a way to do that even today. That is the offer I am making to you. If the amendment is withdrawn, there is a possibility that this amendment could be made in order, but it does have to be perfected. I am a cosponsor of the actual under-lying legislation, so I support it. But at the moment, in our view, it does con-stitute legislation in an appropriation bill, and, therefore, it violates clause 2 of rule XXI. But I pledge to work to the best of our ability to try to make it in order, even today, if possible. The CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chair, given the pledge of my dear friend from Pennsyl-vania to work to make sure that we have justice and that we can move for-ward and help these veterans, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is with-drawn. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Veterans Ex-perience Office. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a simple amendment to prevent wasteful new administrative spending within the VA General Administration Account, and to ensure that scarce re-sources are not diverted away from the priorities that need them most. My amendment will strengthen and support the position of this committee to ensure that none of the funds made available by this act may be used by the administration’s proposed bureauc-racy quagmire called the Veterans Ex-perience Office. While the name may make this proposed new nationwide of-fice sound like a good idea, this pro-posal would unleash a new cadre of Federal bureaucrats to stand between the veterans and their benefits, repeat-ing those terrifying nine words, ‘‘I’m from the government and I’m here to help.’’ We all share the goal of improving each and every veteran’s experience with the VA. However, it would be fool-ish to permit the creation of a new gen-eral administration program that would siphon off more than $72 million away from the programs and offices prioritized by this committee as those most in need of support. I commend the committee for identi-fying this wasteful proposal in their re-port, stating, ‘‘While the committee supports the Secretary’s efforts to im-prove the ways VA interacts with vet-erans, it has doubts about the wisdom of establishing a large new office with regional staffing at this late date in the administration.’’ While the position of the committee is clear, my amendment is necessary to ensure that the administration is pro-hibited from transferring limited funds within the general administration ac-count to fund this unwise and duplicitous proposal. This administra-tion is notorious for ignoring the will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.007 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2851 May 19, 2016 
of Congress and seeking out loopholes to advance the executive branch’s agenda. This track record of rogue be-havior is why this amendment is so necessary in order to carry out the committee’s recommendation and properly care for our veterans. The VA doesn’t need more money to hire more people pushers to create an even larger bureaucracy between the veterans and their benefits. Instead, let’s ensure resources are allocated where they have the most effective and efficient benefit for those who have given their country so much. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I thank Chairman D
ENT and Ranking Member B
ISHOP for their time. I reserve the balance of my time. b0930 Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not op-posed to the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I understand the gentleman’s concerns about start-ing this large, new office at the VA. As you can see from our report, we cut the request for General Administration by $81.3 million, largely because of our concerns about funding this large of-fice; so I think we have already achieved what the gentleman is look-ing to accomplish. It is hard to imagine that the VA could find $81 million in another account to backfill this office. I will not oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I will tell the gentleman, however, that this will inevitably be-come a conference issue because the Senate supports the creation of the of-fice. I do not object to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, the bulk of the request of the increase for the General Administration was in-tended for the establishment of the Veterans Experience Office. Up until now, the Veterans Experience Office’s activities have been funded through the Office of Enterprise Integration. However, the FY 2017 budget proposes to make the Veterans Experience Of-fice a standalone office within the Gen-eral Administration and requests $72.6 million in funding and 204 full-time equivalents via direct budget author-ity. While we all support the Secretary’s efforts to improve the way the VA interacts with the veterans, we had doubts about the wisdom of estab-lishing a large, new office with regional staffing at this late date in the admin-istration. It was decided not to include this funding. However, there is nothing in the bill that prevents the Secretary from continuing to fund the office in the way that he did in the previous fis-cal year. Conversely, the amendment before us will prevent this office from being funded, period. I believe that the amendment is a bridge too far. While I don’t support making the Veterans Ex-perience Office a free-standing office, I also don’t support taking the Sec-retary’s flexibility away either. I be-lieve that the bill is the right ap-proach. I urge Members to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rebut. This President and his agencies have shown time and time again that they are eager to ignore the will of Congress and to implement his agenda wherever they can. This is a necessary reminder that the VA is hardly a vestibule of good behavior. I think we need to make them concentrate on doing their proce-dures right that they currently cannot do right. I urge Members to accept my amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) carry out the memorandum from the Veterans Benefit Administration known as Fast Letter 13–10, issued on May 20, 2013; or (2) create or maintain any patient record- keeping system other than those currently approved by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Central Office in Washington, D.C. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I offer an amendment. I have offered similar amendments in the last 2 years, and they have passed each time. I had hoped that it would not be necessary to offer this amendment again this year. Unfortunately, an investigation from the Government Accountability Office that was released last month found that the VA schedulers are still manip-ulating appointment wait times and are underestimating how long veterans have to wait to get care at a VA facil-ity. The GAO’s most recent audit found that schedulers changed dates and shortened wait times for 15 to 20 per-cent of the cases reviewed. To make matters worse, USA Today recently claimed to have studied more than 70 investigative reports, and it found that these manipulations were being per-formed at the behest of the VA super-visors. Last year, a different inspector gen-eral investigation uncovered an actual memo from the VA leadership that en-couraged this type of behavior. The memo I speak of is known as the Fast Letter 13–10, and it was handed down directly from the Office of the Director of the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion to the Philadelphia VA Regional Benefit Office. I was appalled—but not totally surprised—to learn of this memo. The need for my amendment first surfaced 2 years ago as a response to explosive allegations about the Phoe-nix VA’s keeping secondary, unofficial records of claims and appointment re-quests. My commonsense amendment simply prohibits the VA from keeping unofficial recordkeeping systems and manipulating wait times. I have said this before, but it is sad that we have to pass amendments to prevent this type of behavior. When government bureaucrats don’t use good judgment or common sense, Congress must address these issues. We must have one consistent patient record-keeping system within the VA in order to provide accountability, uniformity, and to prevent employee manipulation. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank Chairman DENT and Ranking Member B
ISHOP for their time. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not op-posed to the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment is familiar to us since the gen-tleman offered it last year. I am not sure it is necessary to repeat the lan-guage this year since we know the VA has rescinded the Fast Letter guidance. After all, with the IG investigation into the dual scheduling systems, it doesn’t seem likely that the VA is maintaining recordkeeping systems that are not approved by headquarters; but I am not going to object to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, we want to reward good behavior, and until they illustrate good behavior, the amendment is going for-ward. I appreciate the chairman’s sup-port. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Services’’ for grants to States under sub-chapter III of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, to expand, remodel, or alter ex-isting buildings for furnishing nursing home 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.009 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2852 May 19, 2016 
care to veterans in State homes that are former nursing home facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, as authorized by section 8133 of such subchapter, there is hereby appropriated, and the amount other-wise provided by this Act for ‘‘Departmental Administration—General Administration’’ is hereby reduced by, $10,000,000. (b) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, admin-ister, or enforce the prioritization require-ments in paragraphs (1)(C) or (2) through (5) of section 8135(c) of title 38, United States Code, with respect to the appropriation in subsection (a). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chair, this is a simple amendment. I get to chair a subcommittee called Transportation and Public Assets. We get to oversee, in the public assets por-tion, all of the various properties around the United States that are pub-lic assets that are sitting idle. For ex-ample, in some States we have many VA properties that are medical—some hospitals, some nursing homes—that are sitting idle. Some of them are va-cant, and some of them are closed. In order to put them into productive use for our veterans, I have tried to craft an amendment that, of course, doesn’t apply to all of the facilities. I would like to do that, but this is fairly limited. It says that we have a nursing home that has been vacated or a nurs-ing home that is not being used, and some of them, for several years, have sat vacant. This allows the Secretary discretion, and it also sets aside a small number of funds to help bring that property into a condition so that it can be transferred to the State. You have these in Pennsylvania, Mr. Chair. You have these across the Rust Belt. We have them even in Florida. What we don’t have is the authority for the VA to move forward with these properties in their transferring and get the prop-erties into condition and make the lit-tle bits of changes in the properties to transfer them to the States. This will apply to 49 States. There are 49 States that have State VAs. Many of them run nursing homes. In my State, for example, we run seven nursing homes now. We do it more cost-effectively. We can do it faster. We can take those idle assets and put them into use. In some places in the Rust Belt, you need to consolidate some of the facilities, and this will allow us to do that, too, and to run them cheaper and give better services to our veterans, not spread out the lim-ited number of even staffers whom we have and administrators. Think of what you can save just on that. This is an amendment to try to move that process forward. We are not trying to get ahead of anybody who is in line for any kind of a VA facility. What we are trying to do is, again, tell the VA Secretary that he can move forward and put a little bit of money aside that will make a big, big difference with these facilities that are sitting vacant or half empty across the country, and it does apply to 49 States. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not op-posed to the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I understand there is a great demand throughout our Nation for State veterans’ homes, and I wish we had the allocation to provide more for this program than we did. I do want to raise a concern with the language that it might—I say ‘‘might.’’ I am not saying ‘‘definitely’’—favor some States rather than increase fund-ing for the entire State HOME Pro-gram. I was pleased to hear the gen-tleman state that he is not trying to jump ahead of other States that may be in line, but this is an issue that we are going to have to discuss at the con-ference committee. I am not going to object to the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. I appreciate that. Mr. Chair, I think if there are dif-ferences in language, we have tried to work with the parliamentarian and the committee, and I know you all are busy in trying to get a very important piece of legislation out, but this small amendment can make a big difference. Again, this is in Rust Belt States, even in growing States like Florida, and there is no more cost to the Fed-eral taxpayer in the operation. In fact, we will save money in the operation be-cause the States take these over. And if the States take them over, it is one less burden on the VA. We have seen how difficult it is sometimes to get services from the VA, to have these fa-cilities come on line. To the nursing home folks, listen to this. This is to nursing homes: we have a tremendously expanding, aging vet-erans’ population, and we can’t keep up with it all, and the Federal Govern-ment sometimes does it the least effi-ciently. This allows us to take those empty or half empty or partially used facilities and get them to the States, to sometimes consolidate the oper-ations and save money on administra-tion, operation, and expedite and get that service to our veterans as soon as possible. I urge the Members’ support of this small amendment. I will be glad to work with the chairman, with the ranking member, and with others and craft this in any way that they feel comfortable, but the objective is very important at this stage. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of sections 575.106 or 575.206 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, in a 2015 re-port from the VA Office of the Inspec-tor General, it was discovered and re-ported that two senior staff members used their positions of power to finan-cially and personally benefit from un-ethical behavior. Diana Rubens and Kimberly Graves not only coerced two VA managers to leave their positions against their will, they then manufactured circumstances that allowed for them to take the posi-tions in question. To make matters worse, these women then took advan-tage of the VA’s relocation expense program. Relocation bonuses may be given to current employees if an open position will be difficult to fill without such an incentive. In both of these in-stances, this clearly was not the case. In total, these women walked away with more than $400,000 in taxpayer funds. As if these actions weren’t heinous enough, when the VA did attempt to hold Rubens and Graves accountable, the VA was subsequently overturned because they failed to discipline the other employees involved in this case. I am appalled—but ultimately, again, not surprised—to hear of this story. The VA has been riddled with scandal and plagued with lawlessness for years now. Chairman M
ILLER said it best in the days that followed the reversal of the VA’s decision, stating: ‘‘Every objec-tive observer knows that the Federal civil service system coddles and pro-tects misbehaving employees instead of facilitating fair and efficient dis-cipline; and until VA and Obama ad-ministration leaders acknowledge this problem and work with Congress to solve it, it will never be fixed.’’ Mr. Chair, my amendment is a com-monsense approach that simply reaf-firms the requirements in the Code of Federal Regulations for employment incentives and relocation expenses. b0945 Had the VA followed these regula-tions, Diana Rubens and Kimberly Graves wouldn’t have been able to force two managers to leave and then get reimbursed for moving across the country to take their spots. I have said this before, but it is sad that we have to pass amendments to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.007 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2853 May 19, 2016 
prevent this type of behavior. When government bureaucrats fail to serve the American people through the use of common sense, Congress must address these issues personally. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member for their help. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I claim the time to speak in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, no one shares the gentleman’s concerns more than I do about the inappropriate relocation incentive payments the VA initially paid to two executives at the Philadel-phia regional office. The VA has since reformed its policies, and I hope we will never ever hear again about such egregious staff misconduct and inap-propriate reimbursements. However, I do think that the reloca-tion incentive can be an important tool in some circumstances. Although I have no objection to the gentleman’s amendment, I think this may need to be refined a bit in conference to reflect the usefulness of the tool, when used appropriately. As I said, there was egregious mis-conduct in Philadelphia, as the gen-tleman correctly points out. There is no question. In fact, many of us went and visited the Philadelphia regional office at about that time for a hearing, both Republicans and Democrats, au-thorizers and appropriators, to discuss the challenges at that particular office. That said, I have no objection to the amendment. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. DENT. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I have the deepest respect for the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania and for the gentleman who is offering the amend-ment, but I think that we may be just going a little bit too far here. Mr. Chair, this amendment will re-strict the ability of the VA and the de-partments and related agencies funded in this act to use incentives to get ex-perienced, talented, and capable indi-viduals to take on difficult-to-fill posi-tions. In other departments, they call these hardship posts. These are the jobs no one wants to do but are vital to the function of government. I think we can all agree that there are times when we need to provide in-centives to those individuals whom we are asking to fill difficult jobs. At times, we need to take action to make a job more appealing, and sometimes we need to provide incentives to com-pete with the salaries that are typi-cally paid outside of the Federal Gov-ernment for some of the positions. I am concerned that this amendment will decrease the availability and qual-ity of candidates possessing the com-petencies that are required for filling the hard-to-fill posts. We would not run a Fortune 500 company this way. Why are we limiting the ability of the U.S. Government to recruit and hire the best and the brightest? I respectfully urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, trust is a se-ries of promises kept, and it is very no-table that the VA has lost the trust of Congress and the American people and, more importantly, our veterans. So until we get this right, until they can actually earn the respect and do the due diligence that they are expected to do for our veterans, it is a requirement of us to make sure, like a dog on a bone, to hold them accountable. I hope that everybody will vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the exception in clause (iii) of section 1.218(a)(8) of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations. 
Mr. GOSAR (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ari-zona? There was no objection. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, recently, a veteran receiving care from the VA contacted my office to express his con-cern about pro-union fliers being post-ed in VA facilities. The veteran sent me a picture of one of these fliers, shown here for your reference. Right here. As you can see, this flier is an at-tempt to recruit union activists. An-other flier, just above it, praises the agenda at the AFL–CIO. The veteran who contacted me was appalled that he was barraged by these pro-union adver-tisements during his visits to the VA. I couldn’t agree more. Our Nation’s heros should not be sub-jected to blatantly partisan advertise-ments while trying to receive medical care at VA facilities. My staff inves-tigated this issue and found that, while solicitations like these are prohibited by law, union lobbyists were able to carve out a special exemption that al-lowed solicitation of labor organization membership or dues in VA facilities. This is a blatant abuse of taxpayer- funded facilities for the purpose of pushing a pro-union agenda. Given the obvious political nature of these groups, they should not be allowed to advertise in the VA facilities. Furthermore, the fact that VA em-ployees are engaging in union activi-ties while on the clock is unacceptable, given the current state of the VA. Any time these employees spend time doing union activities is time they cannot spend treating our veterans. With a massive backlog of cases and the fact that veterans have literally died wait-ing for care, this abuse of taxpayer money and our veterans must be put to an end. For that reason, I introduced the amendment currently at the desk. My amendment will prohibit the use of funds to implement, administer, or en-force the current union loophole. Defunding this exemption that allows unions to solicit members and dues at VA facilities would place unions under the same regulatory framework as other 501(c)’s. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the distinguished chair and ranking member. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, this is just another attack on orga-nized labor and working people. The conduct that the gentleman wishes to prohibit is consistent with the Na-tional Labor Relations Act, and it is consistent with the traditions of this country. It is freedom of speech, and I think it ought to be allowed. I certainly object to this. I think that the working people ought to have an opportunity to express themselves and utilize fully the First Amendment, even in our VA facilities. I couldn’t imagine that people who support the Constitution would want to muzzle working people and limit their ability to seek associations with like-minded people. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, once again, my amendment is critical to ensuring that our veterans receive the care they deserve in a nonpoliticized environ-ment. Again, this amendment idea came from a veteran who was outraged about the VA being littered with union recruitment fliers. No veteran should be forced to en-dure blatantly partisan union adver-tisements in a taxpayer-funded build-ing in order to receive the medical care they earned defending our country. We should all agree that the VA em-ployees should be spending their tax-payer-funded time treating veterans, not posting union fliers and negoti-ating for higher wages, especially given the VA claims and the backlog of ap-peals that exist. I encourage adoption of the amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.016 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2854 May 19, 2016 
I also want to make sure that people understand that this amendment would create that the unions be treated as any other 501(c). I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, well, once again, we want to make sure that ev-erybody is treated fairly about this. As you can see, the blatant attempt here about recruitment to the unions within our VA is outright disgusting. We want to make sure that every-body is treated fairly and has the op-portunity for fair speech, but this gives a hand up to the unions. I ask all my colleagues to vote for this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, again, this is another nasty rider. This is a rider that is totally unnecessary and inappropriate on this bill. It vio-lates the Constitution. It certainly limits the rights of people in veterans facilities to be able to have freedom of speech and freedom of association. It is a bad proposition. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, add the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force Executive Order 13502. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, in 2009, the President issued Executive Order 13502, which strongly encourages Federal agencies to require project labor agree-ments, or PLAs, on Federal construc-tion projects exceeding $25 million in cost. This amendment simply states, as already read, that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to implement or enforce this executive order. Now, project labor agreements, Mr. Chair, discourage what is called a merit shop contractor from bidding on taxpayer-funded construction con-tracts. Let me be clear. That means, if you don’t have a union, you can’t even bid. By the way, the vast majority of all work conducted in the United States, private or government, is conducted by nonunion contractors. It is not meant to disparage unions. It is just saying that there should be open competition for everybody. Because it is a limited competition, it actually drives up the cost that each of us pay for the construction, some-where between 12 and 18 percent, need-lessly. Even if it is only 12 percent, why pay it? It results in fewer infra-structure improvements simply be-cause there is just not as much money because we are paying more for the ones that we are doing. It is a project-specific collective bar-gaining agreement with multiple unions that is unique only to the con-struction industry. It is done nowhere else, only in the construction industry. Now, the NLRA permits construction employees to execute a PLA, a project labor agreement, voluntarily. When the PLA is mandated by a government agency, construction contracts can be awarded only to contracts and sub-contractors that agree to the terms and conditions of the PLA, essentially making them a union organization. Typically, the contractors have to recognize the union as the representa-tive of their employees. No longer is the private business the representative, but only the union is the representa-tive, and they have to hire from the union hall. Furthermore, if you ever pay pre-vailing wage or the Federal minimum wage for these kinds of projects, there is a thing called the fringe benefits, which includes your medical, your den-tal, your retirement. Those all will be put into union-managed benefits and pension programs. So even if you are a private employer that is not unionized, all that money, all those fringe bene-fits go to those programs. You must obey the restrictive and sometimes inefficient rules of job clas-sification. So, for instance, if you are an electrician, you might want to wire something up, but if you need some conduit, you can’t go get it because you are not a laborer. You are an elec-trician, and you have to wait for the laborer to go get it. That doesn’t hap-pen in nonunion environments. It is just inefficient. Furthermore, PLAs force employees to pay union dues, whether they are in the union or not, and then accept un-wanted union representation. They also forfeit the benefits earned during the life of the project unless they join the union and become vested in union benefit plans. So they lose all that. Quite honestly, it is just simply a union recruiting plan at taxpayer ex-pense. I don’t have problems with the union; I just don’t think that we should be paying for them. The PLA requirements and pref-erences on taxpayer-funded contracts expose procurement officials to intense political pressure because they are not negotiating normally. It is negotiated under the terms of the project labor agreement, not just a regular contract where you agree to do so much work and we would agree to pay so much. You agree to do it at this time, and we agree to accept that timeframe. It dis-rupts local collective bargaining agree-ments already in place because it is contract specific for the project at the time. Obviously, because of that, it sti-fles competition. b1000 You stifle competition, it raises the cost. Who is paying the extra cost? The American taxpayer. It creates, or po-tentially creates, contracting and con-struction delays. We don’t need any more delays at the VA. I think we have been through that plenty of times. Now, we just want to get the best price. We want everybody involved. We want everybody able to bid and able to participate. Let the government, let the taxpayer get the best job for the best price. Under this amendment, PLAs for military construction would not be for-bidden. They are still not forbidden; they are just not mandated. Again, this amendment simply allows none of the funds made by the executive order to be used to implement or enforce Execu-tive Order 13502. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The DOD does a lot of construction projects—this bill is certainly a testa-ment to that—and these are often com-plex projects. They build facilities that are used to repair ships or store muni-tions, and usually when we read about large, complex construction projects, it is often in the context of delays or cost overruns or concerns on the workforce front. Folks want to see local opportu-nities on local projects. Now, a project labor agreement al-lows Federal agencies to negotiate ex-clusively with the building trades to ensure both union and open shop con-tractors are able to participate on the project. The agreement establishes quality worksite conditions and works to ensure construction is finished on time and under budget. When executed properly, PLAs are flexible, and they encourage participa-tion from a wide variety of prime and subcontractors. In fact, PLAs are used on big, private projects. Look at every significant hotel project, casino project, stadium project. I worked professionally in economic development before I came here. These project labor agreements were vital to seeing projects happen. Why? Because they save money and because they keep projects on schedule and because they use local workers. You have seen the first project labor agreement in Navy history in my dis-trict—just one, mind you. What is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.019 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2855 May 19, 2016 
outcome? Well, the project is going to be completed at a cost of $250 million below what was originally projected. With a contract that was worked out ahead of time, it meant that local workers were assigned on the front end. They brought in quality workers, local workers, and that strengthens our local communities. By partnering with local trades and using apprentice-ship programs, this is helping to grow the next generation of tradespeople, giving opportunities to veterans and to women and minority communities. So it means that we are not just building a wharf in my district; it means we are building the next generation of work-ers. We are building the middle class. When you compare this with similar large, complex projects, the project that we just had with a project labor agreement had fewer problems and will deliver more value for taxpayers. So I do not understand why we would take this valuable tool out of our toolbox. We should be encouraging these efforts. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I just want to state I have no objection to the gen-tleman’s amendment. The Department of Defense has awarded one construc-tion contract, that is the explosives- handling wharf in Kitsap, Wash-ington—I believe, in the gentleman’s district—where the solicitation favored PLAs. The Department of Veterans Affairs has not awarded any contracts that have used PLAs, and they currently have no solicitations that favor PLAs. That said, I am very sympathetic with the gentleman’s amendment, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I am very disappointed that, instead of seeking to pass the most bipartisan bill possible, my colleagues would prefer to weigh down the bill that funds veterans and military construction with a divi-sive rider. PLAs can be an essential tool to allow large projects to be completed on time and on budget. They are a benefit to both employers and employees. A project labor agreement provides a sin-gle collective bargaining unit, which allows for easier management of a project. They provide a reliable and un-interrupted supply of workers. They provide uniform wages, uniform bene-fits, overtime pay. A PLA sets the terms and conditions of employment for all workers onsite, including the work conditions and the rules. In addi-tion, a PLA prohibits strikes and work stoppages. It is insulting that some would seek to prevent the use of PLAs on this bill when it is one of the best tools avail-able to guarantee that veterans are hired as skilled construction workers. The use of a PLA does not prevent non-union small businesses from partici-pating. They have to agree to the terms and to sign on to the PLA. In ad-dition, the PLA does not make the project union only. Simply put, project labor agreements help both the government and the pri-vate sector increase the efficiency and the quality of its project by promoting a business model that employs a highly skilled workforce. Such a workforce ensures that construction projects are built correctly the first time, on time and, as a result, on budget. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. I would note that this House has re-peatedly refused to adopt similar amendments on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, may I in-quire how much time I have remaining. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 30 seconds remain-ing. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I just want to reiterate that this does not take this tool out of the toolbox. It just doesn’t require it. With all due re-spect to those who say, well, it stops strikes from happening and it makes sure it is on time and on budget, a sim-ple contract that millions of Ameri-cans sign every single day without a project labor agreement does that al-ready. If project labor agreements are nec-essary, why aren’t we all doing it with the work on our homes or the work on our businesses? The fact is it is not done everywhere because it is not nec-essary. The fact is it discourages par-ticipation, because you can participate if you want to join the union, or at least de facto join the union because you are going to do everything by the union code, every single thing, all your employees, all your representation. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remain-ing. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chair, let’s start out by talking about some of the facts, because I hear some talking points from those who are trying to disturb and remove all workers’ rights. There is nothing that currently is in place that mandates project labor agreements be used. If so, we would have thousands and thousands of them. It makes them permissible when a large and complex job would benefit from a precontract agreement, because that is what we are talking about. We are not talking about building a house or renovating a bedroom. Large, com-plex projects, that is what we are talk-ing about. All it talks about is, before you sign a contract, make sure that you spell out very specifically the issues that could come up germane to that job. I have negotiated in my past life over 100 of these. Why? Because employers understand that this is to their benefit. There is a better cost ratio balance when they do a project labor agree-ment. They are public jobs, they are private jobs where nobody is man-dating everything or anything. What we are saying here is that en-tering into a project labor agreement does one very important thing that no-body quite remembers here: Helmets to Hardhats, taking our veterans who served our country, giving them an op-portunity to come home, put their uni-form away, and go to work on a con-struction project. That alone is worth its weight in gold, and that is what Helmets to Hardhats does under a project labor agreement. It creates and allows that next generation of con-struction workers, those skilled crafts-men, to be part of that. Not one dime of that apprenticeship program comes from the government. This works. Why does it work? Be-cause it saves money. The employer likes it because there are less head-aches on the job, and it is probably the most important tool that could be in that worker’s toolbox, to make sure that they level the playing field for a quality job that comes in on time and under budget. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of sub-chapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the Jackson Lee amend-ment that clearly recognizes the im-portance of those who have served and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.022 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2856 May 19, 2016 
their lives after. My amendment says none of the funds made available by this act for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs may be used in con-travention of subchapter III of chapter 20 of title 38 of the U.S. Code, which re-fers to the benefits for homeless vet-erans in training and outreach pro-grams. Texas and Florida and California happen to be some of the States that have the highest number of homeless veterans. These are individuals who put on the uniform unselfishly. Now they are homeless for a variety of rea-sons. I hope that this amendment will reinforce and reemphasize the impor-tance of ensuring that the rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. As well, my amendment will remind us of our obligation to provide our vet-erans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequate funding for programs like the Veterans Administration Supportive Housing that provides case management serv-ices, adequate housing facilities, men-tal health support, and addresses other issues that contribute to veterans’ homelessness. I have, on my staff, a wounded war-rior. We work a lot with homeless vet-erans. We visit their centers. We pro-vide them with a sense that their com-mitment to this Nation will never be forgotten. Today in our country there are approximately 107,000 veterans, male and female, who are homeless on any given night, and perhaps twice as many, 200,000, experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. I remember dealing with one of my nonprofits that was renting a space just to help three or four or five vet-erans. Unfortunately, the landlord was not sensitive to the fact that he did not have all the moneys to pay his rent. He was ultimately evicted. But it wasn’t just he who was evicted, who was try-ing to be the Good Samaritan, it was veterans who called that place home. Many other veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty and lack of support from their family. In my hometown of Hous-ton, for example, we have had large numbers of homeless veterans, but we have begun to work on it. I hope that this amendment will re-mind people of supportive service pro-grams, residential rehabilitation pro-grams, and HUD VA programs. I ask support of my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-woman has offered the amendment in previous years, and we have accepted it. I have no objection to it being in-cluded again in the bill this year. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the distinguished ranking member and a strong sup-porter of veterans and leadership on the MILCON bill. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I just want to let my voice be heard to congratulate the gentlewoman on her amendment. It has been adopted previously by this House. I think it is a great amendment. We support our homeless veterans. I congratulate the gentlewoman for offering the amend-ment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, let me thank Mr. D
ENTand Mr. B ISHOP for their leader-ship, and certainly the appropriators, the full committee chairman and rank-ing member, on the tasks that they have before them. We are not going to end homelessness for veterans if we do not invest in pro-grams that will help them. My amend-ment is to ensure that we are reminded that these veterans can be rehabili-tated and can be provided a new path-way in life. It is simply a continuing way to say thank you. Whenever I speak before veterans, whenever I speak before the United States military, I remind them— though they do not need to be re-minded—that they unselfishly put on the uniform without question. They put on the uniform without question, and they followed orders. They fol-lowed the orders of the Commander in Chief. So now I hope that we, as Mem-bers of Congress, will follow orders and increase investment in the HUD–VASH program allocated to communities with the highest numbers of homeless veterans, support all council agencies to promote and give incentives to local coordination or plans and have our local communities own these plans so that they will bring down the cost of homelessness or the size of homeless-ness to prevent or to provide, if you will, for the homeownership that is so very important that our veterans de-sire. b1015 But the most important point is, why don’t we stand and salute and stand at attention and say to our veterans: we hear you. Homelessness must not exist among our veterans. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. It reminds us of funding for veterans who are homeless, as well as for programs for veterans who are homeless. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. It is Jackson Lee Amendment No. 350. Thank you for this opportunity to describe my amendment, which simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for the Department of Veteran Affairs— Benefits for Homeless Veterans and Training and Outreach Programs may be used in con-travention of the title 38, Part II, Chapter 20, Subchapter II and III of the U.S. Code This amendment will help ensure that the rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. I thank Subcommittee Chairman DENT and Ranking Member B
ISHOP for their hard work in shepherding this important legislation to the floor. I offer the Jackson Lee Amendment be-cause I believe reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the nation’s highest pri-orities. Homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. My amendment will help remind us of our obligation to provide our veterans the assist-ance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding for programs Vet-erans Administration Supportive Housing (VASH) that provide case-management serv-ices, adequate housing facilities, mental health support, and address other areas that con-tribute to veteran homelessness. VASH is a jointly-administered permanent supportive housing program for disabled Vet-erans experiencing homelessness in which VA medical Centers provide referrals and case management while Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) administer the Section 8 housing vouchers. Mr. Chair, our veterans deserve the best services available, and I believe that we could be doing much more for them. Today, in our country, there are approxi-mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. Many other veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. While significant progress has been made, ending homelessness among veterans re-mains a big challenge. In my hometown of Houston for example, between the years 2010 and 2012, the num-ber of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. We must remain vigilant and continue to fight for those who put on the uniform and fought for us. Providing a home for veterans to come home to every night is the very least we can do. Mr. Chair, programs like VASH have suc-ceeded in changing lives. In 2012 alone, 35,905 veterans lived in the public housing provided by VASH. I have seen the impact of such grants in my home state of Texas, and within my congres-sional district in Houston, and I am sure that this funding has positively impacted many communities across this country. In Texas, there are committed groups in Houston, working to eradicate the issue of homelessness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.025 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2857 May 19, 2016 
For example, the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center has been involved in changing veterans’ lives in a mighty way by providing Veterans and their families with access to af-fordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet. Mr. Chair, we cannot let this issue of home-lessness continue. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GIBSON  
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to enforce VA Adju-dication Procedure Manual M21–1, Part IV, Subpart ii, Chapter 1, Section H, Topic 28.h related to Developing Claims Based on Serv-ice Aboard Ships Offshore the RVN. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the Parliamentarian and the chairman and the ranking member. Earlier this morning, I offered this amendment and it needed to be per-fected. I greatly appreciate the staff and the work of the team here so that we could get this in a form to where it certainly meets muster. This is a very important amendment. Half a century ago, our Nation was embroiled in a war in Vietnam. It di-vided the Nation. But for our young men and women who went forward and fought on our behalf, their loyalties were never divided. They did every-thing that they could every day to serve our Nation in a very difficult cir-cumstance. What developed over that time were soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who became sick. They were exposed to Agent Orange. This was part of that war. Our Nation had chosen to defo-liate as a means of protecting troops with Agent Orange. But what we learned over time is that there was a direct link between exposure to Agent Orange and nine maladies, including cancer, diabetes and Parkinson’s. This body, in 1991, recognizing this, came together with the President of the United States and enacted the Agent Orange Act of 1991. Unfortu-nately, in 2002, there was an overreach on the part of the executive that nar-rowed that interpretation. And since that time, Members here on both sides of the aisle have been fighting to en-sure that our sailors who served just offshore in Vietnam got access to the health care that they desperately need. Mr. Chairman, over half of these sail-ors who were exposed are already in Heaven. They are gone now. And for those that are left here, time is of the essence. It is an urgent matter that we get this passed. Three hundred twenty of my colleagues agree with this on both sides of the aisle, and about half the Senate. So today, we offer this amendment to reassert our article I prerogatives to ensure that, for every serviceman and woman that goes forward, that they know that, regardless of the difficulty of the fight and the difficulty of the proposition and what it may mean for the politics here in America, we will never turn our back on our servicemen and -women. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members to turn off cell phones when they enter the House Chamber. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not op-posed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, we support the amendment. We appreciate the good work that my friend from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ) has done to advo-cate on behalf of all veterans, and par-ticularly his commitment to helping those who suffered from Agent Orange exposure, as well as many other issues. So I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chair, I deeply ap-preciate the support of the chairman and ranking member, and I respectfully request the support of the House on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SEAN PATRICK  
MALONEY OF NEW YORK  
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC.ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 13672 of July 21, 2014 (‘‘Further Amendments to Executive Order 11478, Equal Employment Opportunity in the Federal Government, and Executive Order 11246, Equal Employment Opportunity’’). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 736, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, last night, this House adopted a provision as part of the defense bill that rolls back anti-discrimination provisions contained in executive orders issued by the Presi-dent in recent years. This is one of the ugliest episodes I have experienced in my 3-plus years as a Member of this House. The inclusion of such hate-based lan-guage in a defense bill designed to sup-port our military sends exactly the wrong message at a time when we should all be unified in supporting the efforts of our servicemembers around the world. My father was a veteran. He was nearly killed in the service of his coun-try. I have never voted against a de-fense bill before. I never thought I would. Almost a quarter of the con-stituents I represent in the Hudson Valley of New York come from families where a member is serving in the mili-tary or has served in the military. I represent the United States Military Academy at West Point. We have helped 800 veterans, one at a time, out of my district office in my 3 years in Congress, and we have passed legisla-tion directly aimed at making their lives better. So, it is not with an easy heart that I come to the House floor and oppose the defense bill, but this legislation snuck into the bill—and was kept in the bill—despite a bipartisan effort to remove it, sends exactly the wrong sig-nal and it says that we are so con-cerned about discriminating against a group of LGBT Americans that we are willing to destroy the bipartisan co-operation we should have on the de-fense bill. So my amendment today gives us an-other chance. It gives us a chance to correct some of the damage done last night by some Members of this body. What it would say is quite simple: we shall not do anything in this bill that contravenes the antidiscrimination ex-ecutive orders of the President. It is pretty simple. We should not be spending taxpayer dollars to promote hate, and we should not be justifying that by some reli-gious exemption, when, in fact, the lan-guage in the defense bill simply rolls back the antidiscrimination provisions that the President put in an executive order to those contained in the original Civil Rights Act and the ADA. It is specifically designed to exclude LGBT Americans. And in doing that, it aligns itself with the parallel efforts we see happening in States like North Carolina. It is wrong and it doesn’t have any-thing to do with our military; it doesn’t have anything to do with fight-ing ISIS; it doesn’t have anything to do with religious protections. It is about bigotry, plain and simple. Today, we have another chance to do the right thing and to send the right message and to stick up for our mili-tary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.012 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2858 May 19, 2016 
Mr. DENT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. DENT. I support the amendment, and I certainly oppose discrimination in any way, shape, or form, particu-larly as, in this case, it relates to Fed-eral contracting. I do support the amendment. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Reclaiming my time, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, and I want to acknowledge that it was the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania, together with Mr. H
ANNA from New York, who courageously led the ef-fort to roll back the discrimination in a bipartisan way in the Rules Com-mittee. And that effort was thwarted. So I am very honored by the gentle-man’s support, and I am honored by the position you have taken in this House over the last couple of days. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Chairman, I do respect the gentleman for his right to come and offer under an open rule, in a different bill, his objections to what occurred last night. Last night, the House of Representa-tives passed the bill. And today, the gentleman is offering a limiting amendment that would turn back that agreement that we made. Mr. Chairman, several days ago, the House Armed Services Committee han-dled this issue. It was not sneaking something in. It was a straight-up vote. It was a vote that was held in the Armed Services Committee, it passed. The final vote was 60–2. Mr. Chairman, that is a bipartisan vote. That is a vote from people on the committee who viewed that they were not going to let one issue or another get in the way of supporting the men and women of our United States mili-tary. They very clearly—all of them on the committee—understood during this long markup exactly the implications, and they lived with the decision. I am here today to say that the gen-tleman is fully entitled to do as he is doing, but the vote was held last night. The overwhelming viewpoint was let’s support the United States military and let’s get this done, not the next day come on the floor with spilled milk on your face and say: I want to go back and I want to relitigate a decision that we made last night with every Member here on the floor. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SESSIONS. I yield to the gen-tleman. I admire the gentleman. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Well, I appreciate the admi-ration. Let me ask my colleague: Is it nec-essary to discriminate against gays and lesbians to support our military? Mr. SESSIONS. Reclaiming my time, that issue was handled—and the gen-tleman knows this—in committee. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. It was resolved last night. It was resolved last night in the affirma-tive. In other words, this House said that it would include in a defense bill a provision that would roll back basic employment questions for gays and les-bians. My question to my colleague is sim-ply, Mr. Chairman, if that is necessary for the promotion of national defense. Is it necessary to discriminate against gays and lesbians and transgender Americans to keep our country safe? Mr. SESSIONS. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the gen-tleman. I am not without an under-standing that there are people who do have ideas which override other bigger ideas. I am simply saying to you, Mr. Chairman, I stand in opposition to what the gentleman is attempting to do here, the next day, in a separate bill, to limit what we did last night, when this body did understand that many people have a strong viewpoint that supports the gentleman, and more people have a viewpoint that is against that. That is not my point. My point is, we need to transcend that as a body. And we did last night. We spoke very clear-ly. We need to support the men and women of the United States military. And we do not believe this is a stum-bling block because we don’t view what the gentleman is saying is the critical and key issue. That is why I stand in opposition to what the gentleman is doing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I ask unani-mous consent to reclaim my time. The CHAIR. Is there an objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? Mr. SESSIONS. Objection. The CHAIR. Objection is heard. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY ). Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chair, I would like to again express my thanks for my col-league’s admiration. It is nice to have admiration. It is better to have rights and it is better to be treated equally and without condescension. I would just note, Mr. Chairman, that the question remains unanswered of whether it is necessary to discriminate against gays and lesbians in Federal contracting to protect our country, to support our troops? Is it necessary to remove employment protections in em-ployers covering 28 million Americans so that we can fight the war on ISIS? Is it necessary to protect ourselves in our houses of worship by discriminating in Federal contracting in businesses that are in the business of commerce and in private contracting? It is a tired and old and false choice to suggest that we need to discriminate to keep ourselves safe, to keep our-selves free. And people in earlier times have made those arguments, and they have, one after another, been reversed. So the notion that because this House did it last night, it can’t get it right today, is at odds with a lot of American history. This House got a lot of things wrong for a lot of people for a lot of years. And then finally, slowly, almost despite ourselves, we figured out that we can be safe and free and equal. And in fact, becoming more equal in some ways makes us safer be-cause it is the promotion of our values through our actions and our ideas and our words, not just our weapons that promote our values around the world. b1030 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his kindness. I want to briefly join in the gentle-man’s recounting of our history, and I want to remind people of the eloquent statement of the Attorney General, At-torney General Lynch, who indicated that civil rights is a very large tent, and it embraces all Americans. Whether it is religious freedom or re-ligious rights, or whether it is civil rights issues dealing with the race and ethnicity of Americans, we have al-ways overcome. I believe that the men and women of the United States military deserve bet-ter than to have the kind of poisonous amendments that undermine the very reason that they put on the uniform, for us to be free, to speak freely, to as-sociate, and to stand as who we are. I am saddened because my history is a reminder that I did not stand equal in this Nation, either as a woman or an African American, or even as an immi-grant, which my grandparents were. So I join in pleading with this House to not, in any way, strip us of civil rights and tear up the Constitution, the 14th Amendment, the Fifth Amend-ment of due process. That would be shame on us. I join the gentleman in his amend-ment, and I ask that we consider those who we like and who we dislike. They are Americans, and they deserve the right to be respected under the law. I would ask that the gentleman’s amendment be accepted, voted on, re-spected; and let us be the Americans that our Constitution dictates and our flag says we are. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.031 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2859 May 19, 2016 
The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now re-sume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment by Mr. M
ULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment by Mr. M
ULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment by Mr. M
ULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment by Mr. M
ULVANEY of South Carolina. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER of Oregon. Amendment by Mr. F
LEMING of Lou-isiana. Amendment by Mr. H
UFFMAN of Cali-fornia. Amendment by Mr. G
OSAR of Ari-zona. Amendment by Mr. P
ERRY of Penn-sylvania. Amendment by Mr. G
OSAR of Ari-zona. Amendment by Mr. P
ERRY of Penn-sylvania. Amendment by Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 52, noes 372, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 217] AYES—52 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capuano Cohen DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Grijalva Himes Honda Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Pallone Palmer Perry Polis Rice (SC) Rokita Royce Sanford Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Tonko Waters, Maxine Welch Woodall Yoho NOES—372 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1056 Messrs. COLLINS of Georgia, HULTGREN, HARDY, ENGEL, FARR, and Ms. BASS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. POLIS, WELCH, HONDA, M
CGOVERN, JORDAN, GRIJALVA, and COHEN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 51, noes 371, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 218] AYES—51 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capuano Cohen DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Pallone Palmer Perry Polis Rice (SC) Rokita Royce Sanford Schrader Schweikert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.034 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2860 May 19, 2016 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Stutzman Welch Woodall Yoho 
NOES—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Fattah Grothman Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Pelosi Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1100 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 56, noes 363, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 219] AYES—56 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Capuano Clarke (NY) Cohen DesJarlais Duncan (TN) Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Labrador LaHood Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Pallone Palmer Perry Polis Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Royce Ruppersberger Sanford Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Stutzman Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Yoho NOES—363 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.013 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2861 May 19, 2016 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Fattah Granger Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Pelosi Russell Salmon Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1103 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 64, noes 360, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 220] AYES—64 
Amash Becerra Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (AL) Buck Capuano Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Cohen DeFazio DesJarlais Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Foster Garrett Gosar Grayson Griffith Grijalva Harris Himes Honda Huelskamp Huffman Jones Jordan Labrador LaHood Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lummis Massie McClintock McGovern McNerney Messer Moore Mulvaney Nadler Nolan Pallone Palmer Perry Pingree Polis Rice (SC) Rokita Roskam Royce Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Watson Coleman Welch Woodall Yoho 
NOES—360 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
Burgess Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1106 Mr. CASTRO of Texas changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
BLUMENAUER  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 189, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 221] AYES—233 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.014 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2862 May 19, 2016 
Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOES—189 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kline LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Fattah Granger Grijalva Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1109 Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FLEMING  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 219, noes 202, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 222] AYES—219 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—202 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.016 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2863 May 19, 2016 
Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Culberson Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hudson Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Sewell (AL) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1112 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 265, noes 159, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 223] AYES—265 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McDermott McGovern McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOES—159 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Zinke ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
McCollum 
NOT VOTING—8 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1118 Messrs. HARDY and HULTGREN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 200, noes 225, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 224] AYES—200 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.017 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2864 May 19, 2016 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—225 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—8 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1121 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 209, noes 216, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 225] AYES—209 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOES—216 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.020 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2865 May 19, 2016 
Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1124 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SEAN PATRICK  
MALONEY OF NEW YORK  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 212, noes 213, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 226] AYES—212 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1132 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the last three lines of the bill. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise and re-port the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the rec-ommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amend-ed, do pass. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania) having as-sumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Geor-gia, Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4974) making appropriations for mili-tary construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopt-ed in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation that the amend-ments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. For what purpose does the gentleman from Maryland, the minority whip, seek recognition? 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. HOYER. I want to raise a par-liamentary inquiry, initially, with ref-erence to the fact that Mr. R
YAN, our Speaker, has told us that, if people were in the well, the vote would be held open. I was standing in the well. No one came or no one had the courage to come into the well to change their vote. But notwithstanding that, the vote kept changing. Mr. Speaker, from a parliamentary perspective, how is that possible? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair may not yet have made a request for changes. Mr. HOYER. I saw no one come to the desk to change their vote, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman have a parliamentary in-quiry? Mr. HOYER. The parliamentary in-quiry is: How can the vote change when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.021 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2866 May 19, 2016 
no one comes to the well to change their vote? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair may not yet have made a request for changes. Mr. HOYER. I didn’t hear the Chair request change. But I do know that, from my own personal observation, not one of those Members who apparently changed their vote—because it kept changing on the board—came to this well and had the courage to change from green to red or red to green. How is that possible, Mr. Speaker? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has not stated a parliamentary inquiry. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The question is on the amendments. The amendments were agreed to. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I did not hear and, therefore, was not able to ask for a recorded vote on the motion to rise. The Speaker did not articulate that so the House could hear it, and I request a vote on the motion to rise. Now, the Speaker may tell me we are past that point, but the fact of the matter is, nobody on this House floor heard the Speaker articulate the issue of whether the Committee ought to rise. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House is definitely past that point. Is the gentleman seeking a recorded vote? Mr. HOYER. On the motion to rise, yes, sir. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has put the question on the adop-tion of the amendments. Mr. HOYER. I ask for a recorded vote on the adoption of the amendment. Which amendment is the Speaker talking about? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has put the question on the amendments reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole. Mr. HOYER. Yes, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A re-corded vote is requested. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my re-quest for a recorded vote. It is my understanding that because the amendment was defeated, magi-cally, without anybody coming to the well to change their vote, by giving to the majority the right to have the abil-ity, without coming to the well and telling America that you were going to change a vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman’s request is withdrawn. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 227] AYES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—9 
Buchanan Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1157 Mr. CUELLAR changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was ordered to be en-grossed and read a third time. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX). The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Members will record their votes by electronic device. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on passage will be fol-lowed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Jour-nal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 295, nays 129, not voting 9, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.055 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2867 May 19, 2016 
[Roll No. 228] YEAS—295 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—129 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Fincher Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Rogers (AL) Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Quigley Salmon Swalwell (CA) Takai 
b1209 Ms. PINGREE and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come. Madam Speaker, I thought I saw the whip. I am prepared to yield to some-one to tell us the schedule for the week to come. Pending someone telling me about the schedule for the week to come, let me observe, as someone who has served, Madam Speaker, in this House for a very extended period of time— some 36 years—I was here in the era not too long ago, but long ago—when, if we had done to the Republicans what was done to us, what was done to switch votes so that discrimination could prevail, there would be outrage expressed long into the night from our Republican colleagues who would ac-cuse us of undermining democracy, un-dermining this House, and making the House less than it should be. 217 people stood up and said: We ought not discriminate. And then, very frankly, Mr. Speaker, the leadership on the Republican side started its activ-ity. And I have been the majority lead-er, I have been the whip. I understand that process. And they reached out to people and said: No, let us be able to discriminate. Let contractors be able to discriminate. Mr. Speaker, seven people who had voted not to allow discrimination de-cided perhaps that principle was not as important as they thought just a minute or so before. I have a list of those names here—a lamentable list of people who did the right thing, who stood up for nondiscrimination, and then were opportuned to change their vote. And the RECORD reflects, Mr. Speaker, sadly, that they changed their vote. I won’t characterize those votes, be-cause that would not be in order on this floor. And they will have them-selves to look at tonight in the mirror and explain to themselves whether their first vote was a principled vote, or whether they had a Damascus Road experience in the few minutes that transpired between their voting not to allow discrimination, until they later— just a few minutes later—at the opportuning of some of their leaders, voted to allow discrimination. A sad day, Mr. Speaker, in the history of the House. b1215 I still see no leader, unless Mr. D
ENT, who I have great respect for, wants to tell us what the schedule is for next week. I would be glad to yield to him for that purpose. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that the majority leader is not here. The major-ity leader has a very happy day today, and I congratulate him. His son is graduating from Georgetown, and he obviously needs to be there. I was hoping someone else could tell us the schedule. At this point in time, I would be glad to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), my friend, the chair-man of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to politely offer a viewpoint. I be-lieve that we do not view that the issue was discrimination. We have the view-point that, earlier in the week, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.025 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2868 May 19, 2016 
brought forth a bill that passed 40–2 in the Committee on Armed Services, and that bill was brought forth to the Rules Committee, and we held hours and hours and hours and hours of hearing that Republicans and Democrats were not only welcome to attend, but did at-tend. The debate that we had on the issue was very full and was brought forth not only at the Rules Committee, but also on this floor. A decision there-in was made. There was an opportunity for our Members to vote, and that is exactly what they did. And I am sure the gentleman would want every single Member to vote and have time to think about that vote until the time that the vote closed, and that is exactly what happened. So a characterization that this was discrimination would not be, in my opinion, fair or correct, from our per-spective. And I appreciate the gentleman al-lowing me a chance to amplify that every Member of this body is entitled to their vote, and every Member of this body, without questioning, in my opin-ion, that vote, should be afforded that opportunity. So I stand on behalf of Republicans to say that we followed processes; we are following procedures; and we are following the opportunity for a Mem-ber of Congress to vote as they choose, and try not to impugn or to test that with applying the word ‘‘discrimina-tion,’’ which I feel is not accurate under our intent. I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. And the gentleman will observe, I have neither mentioned the names, nor did I impugn their in-tegrity or their motivation. What I said and what I will repeat is, initially they voted for an amendment that said there shall not be discrimina-tion by contractors who get govern-ment money. That is what the amend-ment said. And they voted against dis-crimination, and for that amendment. But in a short period of time, they changed that vote, resulting in, not be-coming law yet, but this House saying to the administration: You cannot re-quire contractors not to discriminate. That was the effect of it. And charac-terizing the effect of a vote is what our debate is about, what our country’s values are about, what our country’s future is about, and the respect we have for every citizen in this country, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. And we ought not preclude those through discrimination. That I can characterize without im-pugning motives. But the effect of the vote, we had 217 people for non-discrimination right up until the last moment. And by the way, the last mo-ment was far beyond what Speaker R
YAN has said ought to be the end of votes. Mr. SESSIONS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. If I could just finish my sentence, I will certainly do that. I talked to the Parliamentarians. In-terestingly, the presiding officer did not ask: Does any Member want to change his vote? Because once that, as I understand it, is intoned, then the ability to change one’s vote, except to come forward and be seen in changing your vote, was not stated, which I sug-gest to the chairman of the Rules Com-mittee, who knows the rules very well, is unusual—perhaps not against the rules—but unusual. And the vote was an extended vote. The Speaker, Speaker RYAN, has talked to us from the rostrum, saying that we want to keep votes to a limited period of time. Particularly, I would suggest, we all want to keep votes to a limited period of time when it is a so-called getaway day. But in this instance, that did not occur. In this instance, to change from 217 to a lesser number that was a losing number—215–214, I believe, was the final vote—excuse me, 212–213, 212 ‘‘ayes.’’ So five votes were switched, net. However, one person voted late. Again, seven people changed their vote. You are correct. They had a right to do that, but the consequences of that vote are subject to debate. And I raise for you, for this House, and for the American people, that the changing of those seven votes resulted in this House saying to the President of the United States: You cannot tell contrac-tors that they cannot discriminate. That, I think, was unfortunate. I yield to my friend. Mr. SESSIONS. Thank you very much. First of all, let me state this: I am a Republican. We do not discriminate. We attempt to follow the law, and the gentleman knows that. We make laws, and those laws can be subject to interpretations of what is and what is not, but we follow the law, and the gentleman knows that. And we follow the law, and my party follows the law. Secondly, the decision had previously been made the night before. We were not trying to do that today. It was, once again, allowed under the rules be-cause the gentleman accurately— whether it is appropriate or not, that is up to him—brought forth, under an open rule, a limiting amendment. But we had decided this the night be-fore. And when people recognized what had happened, that this was a vote that had happened the night before, off of a committee vote out of the Committee on Armed Services that was 40–2, there were people who then recognized what they were doing. It is not unusual to have people vote and then change their vote. I have done that also. But the rules were followed despite, perhaps, different procedural ways in which a person is in the Chair. So I will tell you, I respect the gen-tleman, and you know me well. Mr. HOYER. I do. Mr. SESSIONS. I would not stand up here if I were for fear of one second of not being able to understand you and you understand me. I understand you. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. SESSIONS. And I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for his comments. But let me make an observation. I wish the gentleman would stay in the well because he might want to respond. I did not accuse the Republican Party of discriminating. I will not, at this point in time, hazard an opinion on that fact. However, I want to recall to the gen-tleman that, in the Armed Services Committee, after due consideration, the Armed Services Committee voted not to discriminate, not to discrimi-nate against women, not to say to women: Yes, you can serve, but you don’t have to sign up for the draft. Many of us felt that if you are going to ask young men to sign up for the draft, young women ought to be treat-ed equally. We felt not to do so was dis-crimination. That amendment passed in the com-mittee and came to the Rules Com-mittee—my understanding is—without a vote, without discussion. The rule that was issued from the Rules Com-mittee said that, upon adoption of that rule, the adopted amendment in the Armed Services Committee, without a singular vote on this floor of the House, would be defeated. That, I say to the gentleman, was neither regular order, nor was it giving us an ability to make a decision on that issue. And I believe, I personally believe, that it results in continuing discrimination against young men and young women, one of which has to sign up, the other whom does not; but they both have to serve, or can serve volun-tarily in the Armed Forces of the United States. So we may have a difference of opin-ion on whether or not that was, in fact, discrimination. But I will tell the gen-tleman that I was not happy, and I am still not happy that we did not have a vote on the floor about what we per-ceive to be discrimination. And I regret that the Rules Com-mittee chose to hide in its rule the re-peal of what the Armed Services Com-mittee adopted. If the gentleman wants to respond, I will yield to him. Mr. SESSIONS. I will concur that I, in fact, did offer in the bill a self-exe-cuted portion. Not trying to take ad-vantage of the gentleman, it had noth-ing to do with the draft. So I will agree that I did take a piece. And to save this body, because a number of people who did vote for it in committee—which became a voice vote—did wish to change their opinion. But it had nothing to do with the draft, sir. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time, it seems what the gentleman is saying is that people vote not to discriminate, and then some time a little later on, they have an epiphany that perhaps discrimination is okay. Perhaps that is what the gentleman said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.060 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2869 May 19, 2016 
Mr. SESSIONS. I would ask an indul-gence. It had nothing to do with dis-crimination. It had to do with a new policy. And it is true that I did rule and put a self-executing rule in that did answer the question about the desire of the committee to handle this issue, and I did it accordingly. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, it appears that no one is going to be able to tell me what the schedule is for the week to come. I will tell you that that is unfortunate. I hope there is a schedule for the week to come because there is a lot to be done. We haven’t finalized Zika. We passed a bill here which we think was inadequate. We haven’t dealt with Flint. We need to pass Puerto Rico restruc-turing. I think they have made some progress on that. I congratulate the Speaker and the leader for facilitating that progress. We don’t have a voting rights bill scheduled. We need to do that. There are a number of other serious pieces of legislation this House needs to consider. We are going to go out next week, and we will have no col-loquy next week, Mr. Speaker. There will be no opportunity to discuss the schedule for, obviously, the break, and we will have no schedule for June or the weeks thereafter to do some of the serious business that confronts us and to help some of the people in this coun-try who need help. Having said that, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that nobody on the other side is going to have any response. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2814. An act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Sevierville, Tennessee, the Dannie A. Carr Veterans Outpatient Clinic. f 
b1230 COMMENDING COMMUNITIES BAT-TLING THE OPIOID AND HEROIN EPIDEMIC (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend several communities in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District that are taking a stand in the battle against our Nation’s opioid abuse and heroin epidemic. Last evening I chaired a hearing here on Capitol Hill on this epidemic, and just this morning I learned of two townhall meetings, one held last night in Titusville in Crawford County and the other held Tuesday evening in Ridgway in Elk County. These communities, like countless others across Pennsylvania and our Na-tion, have witnessed firsthand the trag-ic impact of this epidemic. Elk County is ranked ninth in Pennsylvania in overdose deaths per population of 100,000 people, while Crawford County has seen its overdose deaths double in the past 4 years. I am proud to see these communities come together to see what can be done to help turn the tide against the scourge of prescription drug abuse and heroin use. I am also proud of the package passed last week—18 bills—here in the House which will make grant funding avail-able to State and local governments for the creation of opioid reduction pro-grams, create a task force to review prescribing practices, and care for ba-bies who are born opioid dependent. In the future, I look forward to fur-ther partnerships with Federal, State, and local officials, along with these communities, in winning this battle. f 
VA MEDICAL MARIJUANA (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, today the House did do one good thing, and that was to take a major step forward with the historic passage of an amendment that removes the barriers for our Vet-erans Administration health profes-sionals to discuss alternative treat-ments—specifically, medical mari-juana—with their patients in States like Nevada, where it is legal. This comes on the heels of action last week addressing the opioid epidemic that is plaguing our Nation, and it is especially heartbreaking in our vet-eran community where these drugs are being overprescribed for pain treat-ment and PTSD. The amendment passed today, which I was pleased to offer and to support, will provide additional tools for our medical professionals in the treatment of our veterans so they won’t have to resort to opioids. I am proud that this amendment did have bipartisan support; but moving forward, we must continue to reform our outdated policies and laws and bring Congress into step with the State legislatures in over half of the States in the country that have moved for-ward on this issue. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GREG PARKER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Greg Parker, founder and president of Park-er’s Market and gas stations in coastal Georgia and South Carolina. Mr. Parker found his way to an im-mensely successful business through hard work and dedication. Mr. Parker’s father ran a gas station in Midway, Georgia, allowing Mr. Parker to learn the business through pumping gas and cleaning customers’ windshields. After graduation from the University of Georgia, Mr. Parker began to work relentlessly in his father’s gas station. He managed a convenience store, cooked food for customers, and also pumped gas and cleaned windshields. Now Parker’s has 45 stores up and down the coast of Georgia and South Carolina, with a total of 600 employees. Furthermore, Parker’s Market plans to build 17 new stores in the next 13 months. The Savannah Morning News even named him the 2013 Entrepreneur of the Year. Mr. Parker’s service to the First Con-gressional District of Georgia does not end with his successful business, as he also generously donates each year to local schools and hospitals. f 
PROVISIONS HARMFUL TO IMMIGRANTS AND AMERICA (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, last night we voted on the National Defense Authorization Act, and today we voted on a military construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill. Both contain provi-sions that are harmful to immigrants and America. I proposed two amendments to the NDAA, and I am disappointed that they were not given a chance to be voted on. The NDAA bill that passed prohibits the use of unused military grounds to house unaccompanied immigrant chil-dren while their asylum case is being processed. My amendment would have allowed the Office of Refugee Resettle-ment to increase its shelter capacity by temporarily housing unaccompanied children in unused DOD facilities. I also offered an amendment that would guarantee DACA recipients with in-demand skills to enlist in our mili-tary through the MAVNI program for as long as the program exists. To deny brave and dedicated men and women the opportunity to defend this great Nation is just un-American. 
f 
SUPPORTING OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN UNIFORM (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend my colleagues for supporting and passing the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The NDAA reaffirms our commit-ment to supporting our men and women in uniform by enhancing pay and benefits for our servicemembers and their families, providing not only for the country as a whole, but also for back home in the 12th Congressional District of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.061 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2870 May 19, 2016 
It authorizes full funding requested by the Army for construction projects at Fort Gordon—projects that bring state-of-the-art technology and train-ing to our troops—and authorizes fund-ing for the Savannah River Site so that it can continue leading the globe in nu-clear waste management. I am very pleased the committee adopted the Allen amendment expand-ing Army cyber ROTC programs to those universities already working with our Nation’s service academies, like Augusta University in my district. Simply put, the NDAA is a key piece to our national security, and I was proud to wholeheartedly support it. Our troops deserve it, and our national security depends on it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GREAT LOSS OF EMILIO NAVAIRA (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the great loss of Grammy-winning Mexican American Tejano and country music star, Emilio Navaira. Emilio was born in San Antonio, Texas, in 1962 and found musical inspi-ration in not only traditional Tejano legends, but also American country greats such as Willie Nelson and George Strait. His passion and love for music grew and grew; and when he graduated from McCollum High School in 1980, he at-tended Texas State University, where he received a music scholarship and majored in music. Although he planned to become a teacher, he ultimately fol-lowed his passion and became an award-winning singer, songwriter, and performer in both the U.S. and Mexico markets. He started his career with Tejano band David Lee Garza y Los Musicales in the late 1980s, and was remembered for sharing the stage several times with another Tejano music legend, Selena. Emilio, lovingly known as the Garth Brooks of Tejano, was widely credited with introducing Tejano music into the mainstream that we know and love today. Although we mourn the loss of this Mexican American music legend, his memory will live on forever. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor, and I also rise to chal-lenge. My honoring is to acknowledge the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial and to honor those who have fallen in battle, and to acknowledge the fact that an officer is killed some-where in the United States every 60 hours, and there are also 58,930 assaults and 15,404 injuries. So I salute those who have fallen and offer my sympathy to their families, but I recognize that it is important to honor them, and we do honor them. That is why I rise today with sadness on what we did on the floor of the House, where we actually said to the LGBT community that serve in the United States military or by con-tracting work serve the United States Government, that you are not equal. How sad that is. I am looking forward to this House, next week, overturning that dastardly provision that says that one American who comes under the Constitution is not equal. Finally, let me say that we are suf-fering from the possibility of the Zika virus, and this House must fully fund for the Zika virus epidemic that is coming. Mr. Speaker, this week the nation observes National Police Week, as we have since Presi-dent John F. Kennedy first proclaimed Na-tional Peace Officers Memorial Day on May 15, 1962. The National Law Enforcement Officers Me-morial is the nation’s monument to law en-forcement officers who have died in the line of duty. Dedicated on October 15, 1991, the Memo-rial honors federal, state and local law en-forcement officers who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our nation and its people. Carved on its walls are the names of 20,789 officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history, dating back to the first known death in 1791. Added to the Wall this year will be the names of the 123 police officers killed in the line of duty in 2015. Mr. Speaker, enshrined on the Memorial Wall of Honor also are the names of 1,695 fallen peace officers from the state of Texas, the most of any state, including 114 members of the Houston Police Department who gave their lives to keep their city safe. I include a list of these fallen heroes from Houston, Texas. Mr. Speaker, today there are more than 900,000 law enforcement personnel serving the people of our country, the highest amount ever. About 12 percent of them are female. These brave men and women risk their lives to keep the peace and keep us safe but they are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. Every year, a law enforcement offi-cer is killed somewhere in the United States every 60 hours, and there are also 58,930 as-saults against our law officers each year, re-sulting in 15,404 injuries. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Law En-forcement Caucus I am proud to represent the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas in paying tribute to the 123 fallen he-roes who will be joining the 20,789 gallant men and women who gave the last full meas-ure of devotion to the communities they took an oath to protect and serve. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me pay tribute to one of the finest public servants America has produced, Lee Patrick Brown, who is perhaps best known to the law enforcement community as the ‘‘The Father of Community Policing.’’ Lee Brown was appointed in 1982 as the first African-American Chief of Police of the Houston Police Department, where he pio-neered techniques in community policing to re-duce crime that still used throughout the coun-try today. Lee Brown enjoyed a long and distinguished career leading several of the nation’s most im-portant and largest police departments, includ-ing those of Atlanta, Georgia, and New York City, before becoming the first African Amer-ican Mayor of Houston, Texas in 1997. Following Lee Brown as Chief of the Hous-ton Police Department were the following good and true public servants: Elizabeth Watson (1990–1992); Sam Nuchia (1992–1997); Clar-ence Bradford (1997–2004); Harold Hunt (2004–2009); and Charles McClelland (2010– 2016). Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence in memory of the officers whose names will be added to the National Peace Officers Memo-rial Wall of Honor. HOUSTON LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS  M
EMORIALIZED ON THE WALL OF HONOR  1. TIMOTHY SCOTT ABERNETHY, End of Watch: December 7, 2008, Houston, Texas, P.D. 2. CHARLES H BAKER, End of Watch: Au-gust 16, 1979, Houston, Texas, P.D. 3. JOHNNY TERRELL BAMSCH, End of Watch: January 30, 1975, Houston, Texas, P.D. 4. CLAUDE R BECK, End of Watch: Decem-ber 10, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 5. JACK B BEETS, End of Watch: March 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 6. TROY A BLANDO, End of Watch: May 19, 1999, Houston, Texas, P.D. 7. JAMES CHARLES BOSWELL, End of Watch: December 9, 1989, Houston, Texas, P.D. 8. C E BRANON, End of Watch: March 20, 1959, Houston, Texas, P.D. 9. JOHN M CAIN, End of Watch: August 3, 1911, Houston, Texas, P.D. 10. RICHARD H CALHOUN, End of Watch: October 10, 1975, Houston Texas Police De-partment. 11 DIONICIO M CAMACHO, End of Watch: October 23, 2009, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 12. HENRY CANALES, End of Watch: June 23, 2009, Houston, Texas, P.D. 13. FRANK MANUEL CANTU JR, End of Watch: March 25, 2004, Houston, Texas, P.D. 14. E C CHAVEZ, End of Watch: September 17, 1925, Houston, Texas, P.D. 15. CHARLES ROY CLARK, End of Watch: April 3, 2003, Houston, Texas, P.D. 16. CHARLES ROBERT COATES II, End of Watch: February 23, 1983, Houston, Texas, P.D. 17. PETE CORRALES, End of Watch: Janu-ary 25, 1925, Houston, Texas, P.D. 18. RUFUS E DANIELS, End of Watch: Au-gust 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 19. JOHNNIE DAVIDSON, End of Watch: February 19, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 20. WORTH DAVIS, End of Watch: June 17, 1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 21. KEITH ALAN DEES, End of Watch: March 7, 2002, Houston, Texas, P.D. 22. REUBEN BECERRA DELEON, JR, End of Watch: October 26, 2005, Houston, Texas, P.D. 23. WILLIAM EDWIN DELEON, End of Watch: March 29, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 24. FLOYD T DELOACH JR, End of Watch: June 30, 1965, Houston, Texas, P.D. 25. GEORGE D EDWARDS, End of Watch: June 30, 1939, Houston, Texas, P.D. 26. DAWN SUZANNE ERICKSON, End of Watch: December 24, 1995, Houston, Texas, P.D. 27. J C ETHERIDGE, End of Watch: August 23, 1924, Houston, Texas, P.D. 28. JAMES E FENN, End of Watch: March 14, 1891, Houston, Texas, P.D. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.063 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2871 May 19, 2016 
29. E D FITZGERALD, End of Watch: Sep-tember 30, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 30. C EDWARD FOLEY, End of Watch: March 10, 1860, Houston, Texas, P.D. 31. JOSEPH ROBERT FREE, End of Watch: October 18, 1912, Houston, Texas, P.D. 32. GUY P GADDIS, End of Watch: January 31, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 33. JAMES T GAMBILL, End of Watch: De-cember 1, 1936, Houston, Texas, P.D. 34. FLORENTINO M GARCIA JR, End of Watch: November 10, 1989, Houston, Texas, P.D. 35. BEN EDDIE GERHART, End of Watch: June 26, 1968, Houston, Texas, P.D. 36. G Q GONZALEZ, End of Watch: Feb-ruary 28, 1960, Houston, Texas, P.D. 37. CHARLES R GOUGENHEIM, End of Watch: April 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 38. CARL GREENE, End of Watch: March 14, 1928, Houston, Texas, P.D. 39. LEON GRIGGS, End of Watch: January 31, 1970, Houston, Texas, P.D. 40. MARIA MICHELLE GROVES, End of Watch: April 10, 1987, Houston, Texas, P.D. 41. GARY ALLEN GRYDER, End of Watch: June 29, 2008, Houston, Texas, P.D. 42. ANTONIO GUZMAN JF, End of Watch: January 9, 1973, Houston, Texas, P.D. 43. HOWARD B HAMMOND, End of Watch: August 18, 1946, Houston, Texas, P.D. 44. JAMES DONALD HARRIS, End of Watch: July 13, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 45. DAVID MICHAEL HEALY, End of Watch: November 12, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 46. TIMOTHY A HEARN, End of Watch: June 8, 1978, Houston, Texas, P.D. 47. OSCAR HOPE, End of Watch: June 22, 1929, Houston, Texas, P.D. 48. ELSTON M HOWARD, End of Watch: July 20, 1988, Houston, Texas, P.D. 49. DAVID HUERTA, End of Watch: Sep-tember 19, 1973, Houston, Texas, P.D. 50. JAMES BRUCE IRBY, End of Watch: June 27, 1990, Houston, Texas, P.D. 51. BOBBY L JAMES, End of Watch: June 26, 1968, Houston, Texas, P.D. 52. JOHN C JAMES, End of Watch: Decem-ber 12, 1901, Houston, Texas, P.D. 53. RODNEY JOSEPH JOHNSON, End of Watch: September 21, 2006, Houston, Texas, P.D. 54. ED JONES, End of Watch: September 13, 1929, Houston, Texas, P.D. 55. P P JONES, End of Watch: January 30, 1927, Houston, Texas, P.D. 56. FRANK L KELLOGG, End of Watch: November 30, 1955, Houston, Texas, P.D. 57. S A BUSTER KENT, End of Watch: Jan-uary 12, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 58. JAMES F KILTY, End of Watch: April 8, 1976, Houston, Texas, P.D. 59. KENT DEAN KINCAID, End of Watch: May 23, 1998, Houston, Texas, P.D. 60. LOUIS R KUBA, End of Watch: May 17, 1967, Houston, Texas, P.D. 61. J D LANDRY, End of Watch: December 3, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 62. ROBERT WAYNE LEE, End of Watch: January 31, 1971, Houston, Texas, P.D. 63. FRED MADDOX JR, End of Watch: Feb-ruary 24, 1954, Houston, Texas, P.D. 64. EYDELMEN MANI, End of Watch: May 19, 2010, Houston, Texas, P.D. 65. A P MARSHALL, End of Watch: Novem-ber 8, 1937, Houston, Texas, P.D. 66. CHARLES R MCDANIEL, End of Watch: August 4, 1963, Houston, Texas, P.D. 67. E G MEINKE, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 68. HARRY MERENESS, End of Watch: Oc-tober 18, 1933, Houston, Texas, P.D. 69. NOEL R MILLER, End of Watch: June 6, 1958, Houston, Texas, P.D. 70. KENNETH L MOODY, End of Watch: November 26, 1969, Houston, Texas, P.D. 71. HORACE MOODY, End of Watch: Au-gust 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 72. WILLIAM MOSS, End of Watch: Sep-tember 12, 1983, Houston Airport Police, Texas. 73. DAVE MURDOCK, End of Watch: June 27, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 74. WILLIAM E MURPHY, End of Watch: April 1, 1910, Houston, Texas, P.D. 75. DAVID FRANKLIN NOEL, End of Watch: June 17, 1972, Houston, Texas, P.D. 76. M E PALMER, End of Watch: March 24, 1938, Houston, Texas, P.D. 77. ISAAC PARSON, End of Watch: May 24, 1914, Houston, Texas, P.D. 78. ROSS PATTON, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 79. W B PHARES, End of Watch: September 
30, 1930, Houston, Texas, P.D. 80. HERBERT N PLANER, End of Watch: February 18, 1965, Houston, Texas, P.D. 81. IRA RANEY, End of Watch: August 23, 1917, Houston, Texas, P.D. 82. WINSTON J RAWLINGS, End of Watch: March 29, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 83. JERRY LAWRENCE RILEY, End of Watch: June 18, 1974, Houston, Texas, P.D. 84. JOHN CHARLES RISLEY, End of Watch: October 23, 2000, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 85. SANDRA ANN ROBBINS, End of Watch: March 17, 1991, South Houston, Texas, P.D. 86. GEORGE G ROJAS, End of Watch: Jan-uary 28, 1976, Houston, Texas, P.D. 87. MICHAEL P ROMAN, End of Watch: January 6, 1994, Houston, Texas, P.D. 88. JOHN ANTHONY SALVAGGIO, End of Watch: November 25, 1990, Houston, Texas, P.D. 89. LOUIS L SANDER, End of Watch: Janu-ary 21, 1967, Houston, Texas, P.D. 90. JEFFERY SCOTT SANFORD, End of Watch: September 14, 1991, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 91. KATHLEEN C SCHAEFER, End of Watch: August 18, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 92. ROBERT SCHULTEA, End of Watch: August 25, 1956, Houston, Texas, P.D. 93. DARYL WAYNE SHIRLEY, End of Watch: April 28, 1982, Houston, Texas, P.D. 94. RICHARD SNOW, End of Watch: March 17, 1882, Houston, Texas, P.D. 95. BRUNO DAVID SOBOLESKI, End of Watch: April 12, 1991, Houston, Texas, P.D. 96. JERRY LEON SPRUILL, End of Watch: October 27, 1972, Houston, Texas, P.D. 97. R H SULLIVAN, End of Watch: March 9, 1935, Houston, Texas, P.D. 98. JOHN W SUTTLE, End of Watch: Au-gust 3, 1959, Houston, Texas, P.D. 99. CUONG HUY TRINH, End of Watch: April 6, 1997, Houston, Texas, P.D. l00. ALBERTO VASQUEZ, End of Watch: May 22, 2001, Houston, Texas, P.D. 101. JAMES T WALKER, End of Watch: March 8, 1963, Houston, Texas, P.D. 102. VICTOR R WELLS III, End of Watch: October 2, 1980, Houston, Texas, P.D. 103. R O WELLS, End of Watch: July 30, 1927, Houston, Texas, P.D. 104. ALBERT CHARLES WILKINS, End of Watch: January 6, 1978, Harris County, Texas, C.O. 105. KEVIN SCOTT WILL, End of Watch: May 29, 2011, Houston, Texas, P.D. 106. HENRY WILLIAMS, End of Watch: February 8, 1886, Houston, Texas, P.D. 107. WILLIAM C WILLIAMS JR, End of Watch: April 16, 1930, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 108. EDD WILLIAMS, End of Watch: Janu-ary 12, 1974, Harris County, Texas, S.O. 109. JAMES FRANKLIN WILLIS, End of Watch: July 1, 1964, Houston, Texas, P.D. 110. MARVIN ALTON WINTER, End of Watch: December 4, 1937, Harris County, Texas, C.O., Pct. 4 111. ANDREW WINZER, End of Watch: Feb-ruary 18, 1988, Houston, Texas, P.D. 112. JETER YOUNG, End of Watch: June 19, 1921, Houston, Texas, P.D. 113. HERMAN YOUNGST, End of Watch: December 12, 1901, Houston, Texas, P.D. 114. JOE A ZAMARRON, 60–W: 2, End of Watch: April 18, 1981, Houston, Texas, P.D f RECOGNIZING LAUREN MORRIS SCHULMAN (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon to recog-nize the remarkable career of Lauren Morris Schulman. After more than 13 years, Ms. Schulman is retiring as the Florida political director of the Amer-ican Israel Public Affairs Committee, AIPAC, the largest pro-Israel advocacy organization in the country. Lauren began her political career 26 years ago and served in a variety of po-sitions with the late Congressman Bill Lehman, E. Clay Shaw, Jr., Florida State Senator Gwen Margolis, and Miami-Dade County Commissioner Sally Heyman. Lauren has adroitly mobilized and engaged Florida’s pro-Israel commu-nity. She has led our citizen activists in building relationships with Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, key to the success of the pro-Israel movement. Lauren has helped all Floridians un-derstand how, against all odds, Israel has become a prospering democracy whose groundbreaking contributions in technology, medicine, and environ-mental innovation have benefited the world. Lauren’s commitment to our commu-nity and the State of Israel is exem-plary, and I am proud to call her my constituent and good friend. Our loss is her husband Cliff’s and her family’s gain. I wish a hearty mazel tov to Lauren and thank her for her invalu-able work. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2016, TO MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 23, 2016, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
ATKO ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is amazing sometimes the way, in the heat of dispute, argument—sometimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.034 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2872 May 19, 2016 
any of us can have it happen to us— people don’t think clearly. I have been here for nearly 11
1⁄2years in Congress. It is a tremendous honor to get to be the servant for the people of east Texas. But in that 11
1⁄2years, 4 of them the Democrats were in the ma-jority, and my friend from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) was the majority leader during those 4 years, and the rules never changed with regard to how the electronic voting worked. For the last 11
1⁄2years, it has always been the same. And that is, we could take our voting card—and it has a lit-tle computer chip in it. It doesn’t mat-ter which we way put our card in the box. If the blue light on the box is lit, it means that box is open for voting. Most every other row has a voting box on the back. We take our card, and we put it in the slot whichever way. It recognizes the one-of-a-kind computer chip that belongs to that 1 of 435 Members, and then you can hit the green button for ‘‘yea,’’ the red button the ‘‘nay,’’ the yellow button for ‘‘present.’’ The blue light is on there. It is next in order on the box, but it can’t be pushed. It just lets you know the box is open for vot-ing. Toward the end of a vote, particu-larly a 15-minute vote, the Speaker will not have gaveled the vote dead, but oftentimes the box goes dead right before the gavel comes down. Even to that point, you can still change your vote, but it is just when the blue light goes out, you can’t do it at the box. You have to come down to the well. What I have noticed every year for the last 11
1⁄2years that I have been here, if we are voting on a 15-minute vote—and all of us have probably done it at one time or another—if you need to change your vote, maybe you looked up and, for example, sometimes one person has multiple amendments, and you see their name and it is their amendment, and you say, ‘‘Oh, I was not going to vote for that,’’ and you vote ‘‘no’’ and you need to change your vote to ‘‘yes,’’ you can still change your vote at the box. On a 15-minute vote, once you get past 5 minutes, you normally have to come down to the well and get a green card for ‘‘yea,’’ a red card for ‘‘nay,’’ or a yellow card for ‘‘present’’ or ‘‘ab-staining’’ and change your vote that way. But on a 5-minute vote or a 2- minute vote, if you need to change your vote, you didn’t understand the significance, it constantly happens that people change their vote. b1245 But to change their vote, if you have your voting card, you have been able to change it at the box on a 5-minute vote or a 2-minute vote. Every now and then, before the gavel comes down, the blue light will go off on the box, so you can no longer change your vote or vote at that box. That is when you hear someone yelling, ‘‘One more, one more,’’ and they come rushing down the aisle to get the vote in before the gavel comes down. Now, in 111⁄2years, only one time has there been a massive and gross viola-tion of the rules the way we have fol-lowed them in bringing a vote to a con-clusion. I can understand my friend from Maryland being sensitive, because this happened on his watch as majority leader. But Republicans were in the mi-nority, and yet there was a vote. I don’t even remember if it was a bill or an amendment. I think it was an amendment. But the Republicans vot-ing against the amendment had enough Democrats voting with us that we were bringing down a Democratic amend-ment or bill, and it was left open for enough time that anybody that wanted to change could have changed. When the Democrat in the chair felt that enough time had passed, no other changes were being made, and the measure being voted on had failed, then the gavel came down. The rule has always been that when the gavel comes down, there can be no further changing of the vote. Perhaps, the majority leader, at that time H
OYER , had forgotten. But that was the time they violated their own rules. A subsequent investigation con-firmed that. They violated the rules and allowed someone whose arm they were twisting to vote after the gavel came down to change the vote, change the outcome of the vote. That didn’t happen here today. And the vote wasn’t held open very long at all after the end of the time running out. Sometimes, whether it is Demo-crats or Republicans in the majority, it runs to zero. But if, in the opinion of the Chair or the Speaker, there is somebody wanting to change their vote or somebody that is making a good faith effort to get here to vote, they will leave the vote open. Sometimes, like when Speaker P
ELOSI was meeting with President Obama at the White House and wasn’t getting back in time, or Majority Lead-er H
OYER , and they weren’t getting back in time, well, that vote would be held open to give them time well be-yond the zero, zero, zero, so they could cast that vote. Nobody objected be-cause we knew they were making a good faith effort to get here. I understand sometimes we forget things that we have been doing for a number of years. And especially in the heat of debate and a verbal battle here on the floor, people can forget what they have been doing for many, many years. But that has been the way the voting and the rules on voting have worked and been interpreted for many years. So I was greatly surprised to hear the former majority leader challenging on the basis that people didn’t come into the well to change their vote on either a 5-minute or a 2-minute vote. Well, they have always been able to change their vote. The voting boxes were open. Anyway, we all have those mental lapses where we forget things that we have been doing for years. I mean, it just happens, and especially here on the floor. There is nothing to be taken from former Majority Leader HOYER  forgetting how the rules were when he was majority leader and forgetting how they have been all these years since, so no hard feelings. He just had a mental lapse and forgot how the rules have been ever since he has been here the entire time. There has been a great deal of to-do and a lot of wailing and gnashing of teeth about what I would term the ‘‘Iranian crisis’’ because it truly is a crisis that this administration has en-abled Iran to go ahead and develop nu-clear weapons to continue down that path. Even though they are supposed to be prohibited, they continued to de-velop missiles that eventually will be capable of delivering nuclear weapons onto the United States. They have got missiles to deliver them on to Israel right now. But as Prime Minister Netanyahu so ably has pointed out from this very rostrum right up here, those missiles they are developing now are not for Israel. They can already reach Israel. Those are for the Great Satan. So it was deeply troubling to hear the confessions and admissions of the White House adviser consultant mouth-piece, Ben Rhodes, reveal that the ad-ministration—and I am being careful not to use any specific names. I am ad-dressing generally the administra-tion—that the administration had to lie to the American people and had to lie to the House and Senate about how evil Iran really was and had to talk about how moderate they were when, actually, the fact is, apparently, under the so-called moderate President Rouhani, there have been more people put to death than even under the former President Ahmadinejad. This man is no moderate. Though the American people were fed lies about the negotiations, they were having to negotiate, either directly or indirectly, with the Ayatollah Khamenei. They don’t make big deci-sions like a nuclear weapons deal, un-less the religious leader, the Ayatollah Khamenei, actually agreed, just like his predecessor, the Ayatollah Kho-meini. So just like with the revelations about ObamaCare, now that we have had someone working behind the scenes with the administration who re-vealed, yes, the reason ObamaCare passed was because people are such fools, they were able to fool them into voting for a bill that was really not anything like what was being rep-resented. And yet along comes Ben Rhodes, and he admits they did the same thing on ObamaCare that they did on the Iranian treaty. Now, I understand the administra-tion has never called it a treaty, and there are people in the Senate who have not had the courage to call it a treaty, but it is a treaty. You can’t change a nuclear proliferation treaty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.065 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2873 May 19, 2016 
with an executive agreement or an ex-ecutive order. It can’t be done. It has to be done with another treaty. So, clearly, there are a number of things that made clear that the Iranian deal was a treaty. It should have been brought to the floor of the Senate. It still should be. It is time. You can do it any time this year. You could do it with 51 votes of the Senate setting aside cloture and saying, the Iranian treaty is a treaty, it is going to allow Iran to have nu-clear weapons that will allow them to devastate both the Little Satan, in their opinion Israel, and the Great Satan, the United States, and it needs to be stopped. So, hopefully, the courage will abound eventually in the Senate and we will get that vote. And therefore, people with standing could go to court and stop the flood of millions of dollars to Iran, which has already said that with the billions of dollars, $100 billion to $150 billion in the first year this ad-ministration is going to make avail-able, they are going to commit so much more to terrorism than they ever had. Then we get this story just a few days ago from the Washington Free Beacon entitled, Iran Shows Off Third Underground Missile Site. It says: ‘‘Iran’s military recently publicized a third underground missile facility and showed the launch of a new ballistic missile through the top of a mountain. ‘‘It was the third time since October that Tehran showed off an extensive network of underground missile facili-ties. The new video, however, for the first time, shows a missile launch from one of the country’s underground launch facilities. ‘‘Disclosure of the new video comes as Iran this week conducted the third launch of a ballistic missile since Jan-uary, when the nuclear deal aimed at curbing Iran’s nuclear weapons devel-opment went into effect.’’ And I would submit, that part of the story is inaccurate. It is being consid-ered to have gone into effect, but it is a treaty that was never ratified by the U.S. Senate, and it is an ineffective treaty. But the Obama administration is choosing to act as if the Iranian agreement really is an effective treaty. Iran has shown they have no intention of following that agreement. They have violated it a number of times. And the only reason Iran would have the gall to go forward and say, Hey, look, we have got a third underground missile site, we are going to let you see a launch, we don’t care that the world knows that we are violating this last agreement with Obama and Kerry and Wendy Sherman that helped give North Korea nuclear weapons in the Clinton administration, we don’t care that they know because we have now seen that this administration will not stand up to us, they will let us push them around, they will even let us take their soldiers or their naval officers, their naval seamen captive, violate virtually every treaty on the treatment of pris-oners, humiliate the American sailors, force them to lie on camera, and after all that is said and done, we will get the Secretary of State to come back and thank us. I mean, it is like from ‘‘Animal House,’’ Kevin Bacon being beaten say-ing, Thank you, sir, may I have an-other? Iran has figured out they are the senior pledges, and this administration will take a beating and keep asking, Thank you, sir, may I have another? And Iran is all that willing to give them another and another. The trouble is this isn’t a comedy movie, this is real life. Christians and Jews are being targeted, persecuted, and killed in greater numbers than at any time in the history of the world. The Middle East is on fire, except Israel is a place of stability. But if this administration has its will, it will be-come a powder keg before long as well. Libya had become more stable. And after the United States went into Iraq, because Saddam Hussein continued to refuse to abide by the orders of the U.N. that were passed by huge majori-ties, requiring them to disclose what they had, he wouldn’t comply, most ev-erybody was—including those who now say, I voted for it, I really wasn’t for it—but, at the time, people thought, look, this guy must have something to hide because he is certainly not letting us get in to see what weapons he has. Other reports indicate that they had been taken from Iraq and were no longer present. But either way, it scared Qadhafi enough that, as some of the Israeli leaders have told me, we were shocked when you provided the firepower, the planes, and the bombs that made it possible to eliminate Qadhafi because, yeah, he had blood on his hands before 2003, but after 2003, he helped you more in fighting terrorism than anybody but us, and you took him out, and look what happened as a result. b1300 It turned Egypt upside down. There are problems in Albania, problems all over North Africa, problems for the Middle East and North Africa both, problems coming down now of radical Islamists in Nigeria and other, more central African countries. They have paid a heavy price for the improper leadership of this administration here in the United States. It is just tragic how many have lost their lives already. Then we hear reports that in Nige-ria—and I heard it when I was in Nige-ria and was trying to help the Nigerian families whose daughters had been ab-ducted—that this administration, be-hind the scenes, was saying: Look, we will help you with Boko Haram, with the terrorism—although they don’t like to use that word—with the radical extremism that is occurring in Nigeria. If you will change your laws, violate your religious beliefs, allow same-sex marriage, and pay for abortion, then we will help you. As one Nigerian Catholic bishop said: Our religious beliefs are not for sale, not to the U.S. President, not to any-body. I have an article that goes on about the situation with Iran. This is also from May 12: ‘‘Kerry’s Peculiar Mes-sage About Iran for European Banks.’’ It reads: ‘‘U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Thursday in London with a group of European financial institutions for a discussion about ‘Iranian banking mat-ters.’ The meeting, which followed re-peated complaints by Iranian officials that they aren’t getting the benefit of the bargain under the nuclear deal, was an effort by the State Department to persuade major non-U.S. banks that doing Iran-related business is not only permitted following the relaxation of Iran sanctions, but is actually encour-aged. ‘‘The irony will not be lost on these financial institutions. Most of them were similarly gathered almost 10 years ago by U.S. Treasury Henry Paulson to discuss Iranian banking matters, but that discussion focused on protecting the integrity of the global financial system against the risk posed by Iran. ‘‘In the decade that followed, the George W. Bush and Obama adminis-trations, as well as the U.K. and other governments, the European Union, and the United Nations, all imposed exten-sive sanctions targeting Iran’s illicit and deceptive conduct. Banks were briefed extensively and repeatedly by the U.S. Treasury Department on the details of Iran’s conduct. The Financial Action Task Force, the global stand-ard-setting body for anti-money laun-dering and counter-terrorist financing, warned about the financial crime risks posed by Iran as a jurisdiction. The re-sult: Iran became a financial pariah. ‘‘No one has claimed that Iran has ceased to engage in much of the same conduct for which it was sanctioned, including actively supporting ter-rorism and building and testing bal-listic missiles; but now Washington is pushing non-U.S. banks to do what is still illegal for American banks to do. ‘‘This is a very odd position for the U.S. Government to be taking.’’ It is shocking that this administra-tion continues to be complicit with the largest supporter of terrorism in the world. How many lives will be lost because of this complicity? There was a time when America would not tolerate the kind of treat-ment of Americans that occurred to our seamen when they were taken cap-tive. Not only did we not come to their defense, we praised Iran and thanked them for being so gracious for the man-ner in which they abused our sailors. This article goes on. It reads: ‘‘On the one hand, Washington is con-tinuing to prohibit American banks and companies from doing Iran-related business. In February, the FATF’’— that is the Financial Action Task 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.066 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2874 May 19, 2016 
Force—‘‘reaffirmed its prior concerns about the ’serious threat’ Iran poses to the international financial system, urging countries to apply effective countermeasures. The U.S. Treasury Department’s designation of Iran, in-cluding its central bank and financial institutions, as a primary money laun-dering concern also still stands. As part of that designation, Treasury de-termined that ‘the international finan-cial system is increasingly vulnerable to the risk that otherwise responsible financial institutions will, unwittingly, participate in Iran’s illicit activities.’ ‘‘On the other hand, Mr. Kerry wants non-U.S. banks to do business with Iran without a U.S. repudiation of its prior statements about the associated financial crime risks. There are no as-surances as to how such activity would subsequently be viewed by U.S. regu-latory and law enforcement authori-ties, which might seek to take enforce-ment action against banks that enter the Iranian market and run afoul of complicated U.S. restrictions. The State Department neither controls nor plays any meaningful role in the en-forcement decisions of these authori-ties. ‘‘Washington has warned repeatedly that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps controls broad swaths of the Ira-nian economy. The IRGC remains sanc-tioned by both the United States and the European Union because of the cen-tral role it plays in Iran’s illicit con-duct. When the U.S., EU, and U.N. re-moved sanctions from several hundred Iranian banks and companies, there were no assurances that the conduct of those banks and companies had changed. ‘‘This will present a challenge for Eu-ropean banks. HSBC is endeavoring to implement consistent and high stand-ards across its global operations, de-signed to combat financial crime and prevent abuse by illicit actors. We have more work to do, but achieving that objective is one of our highest prior-ities. This approach is rightly expected by our regulators, including in the U.K. and the U.S. ‘‘Our decisions will be driven by the financial crime risks and the under-lying conduct. For these reasons, HSBC has no intention of doing any new busi-ness involving Iran. Governments can lift sanctions, but the private sector is still responsible for managing its own risk and, no doubt, will be held ac-countable if it falls short.’’ That was from May 12, and it appears to be somebody who certainly knows the banking business. I would like to comment a bit about, again, our illegal immigration prob-lems and our porous borders because the administration continues to act as if all is well—all is well—when it is not well. An article from May 19: ‘‘Previously Deported Illegal Alien Allegedly Killed Prom Teen.’’ ‘‘The man that Houston police say was driving drunk and evading arrest when he crashed into a car, killing a young woman on her way home from the prom, is listed by Federal officials as a previously deported illegal alien.’’ ‘‘Edin Palacios-Rodas, a 27-year-old previously deported illegal alien from Guatemala, has now had an immigra-tion detainer placed on him after being processed into the Harris County Jail on one count of felony murder and one count of felony evading resulting in death and serious bodily injury.’’ It is still going on. With that going on, this administration continues to push for and has allies in Congress pushing for what they are calling sen-tencing reform when, actually, it won’t be reform as much as it will be rather devastating. The pendulum on criminal justice swings back and forth. Most history shows that it has always been and probably will always be, whether a totalitarian government or a demo-cratic republic such as ours. My friend in the Senate, Senator J
EFF SESSIONS , has an article, again, from May 19 that reads: ‘‘Senator J
EFFSESSIONS warns that Congress must be careful to ensure the sentencing reductions bills pending be-fore Congress did not boost already ris-ing crime rates and ‘sign death war-rants’ for innocent victims.’’ ‘‘The Sentencing Reform and Correc-tion Act, which the Alabama Repub-lican opposes, hews to Obama’s anti- law enforcement agenda and could cost an enormous human toll, Senator S
ES-
SIONS said. ‘Frankly, this is Obama’s policy and the Attorney General who he’s appointed, Loretta Lynch’s policy, and Eric Holder’s before her, to basi-cally cut people’s sentences that have been lawfully imposed throughout this country, and it’s impacting public safe-ty and will continue to do so in the fu-ture.’ ‘‘The Senator also highlighted many high-profile cop killings as the Obama administration makes police work more difficult. ‘‘He said, ‘In the last year, we’ve lost 123 police officers, 35 in the first 4 months of 2016. Violent crimes and murders have increased across the country at alarming rates. Let me just share with my colleagues some of the things we’re seeing in violent crime. Recently, the Major Cities Chiefs of Police Association, a long-established group, called an emergency meeting to deal with the numbers I’m going to share with you today.’ ‘‘The numbers I will quote represent the percentage increase in total mur-ders in the first quarter of this year, 2016, over the first quarter . . . of 2015. Las Vegas: 82 percent increase.’’ This is the murder increase. ‘‘Dallas, Texas: 73 percent increase. Chicago: 70 percent. Jacksonville, Flor-ida: 67 percent. Newark, New Jersey: 60 percent increase. Miami-Dade: 38 per-cent. Los Angeles: 33 percent.’’ And on and on. ‘‘These are substantial increases in crime. According to FBI statistics re-leased just this year, the number of violent crimes committed across the country was up in the first half of 2015 compared with the same period of 2014.’’ So, actually, we are going up and up, and the percentage increase in these cities of 82 percent, 73 percent, and a 70 percent increase is even more dramatic than that when you go back 2 years. Sessions also quoted FBI Director James Comey’s concerns about the ris-ing tide of crime. ‘‘‘I was very worried about it last fall, and I am, in many ways, more worried because the numbers are not only going up, they’re continuing to go up in most of those cities faster than they were going up last year. Some-thing is happening. I don’t know what the answer is, but, holy cow, do we have a problem.’’’ Yes, we do have a problem. One of the answers is mentioned in this article, again, from May 19, entitled: ‘‘Obama doesn’t think rapists, armed robbers, drug dealers are criminals.’’ I think I found the euphemism of the year. ‘‘According to Team Obama, crimi-nals should now be declared ‘justice-in-volved individuals.’ ‘‘The neo-Orwellianism comes to us from the bizarre flurry of last-minute dictates, regulations, and bone-chilling threats, collectively known to fanboys as Obama’s Gorgeous Good-bye. ‘‘In another of those smiley faced but deeply sinister ‘dear colleague’ letters sent to universities and colleges this week, Obama’s Education Secretary, John King, discouraged colleges from asking applicants whether they were convicted criminals.’’ b1315 It used to be a matter of common sense. Most Americans wanted to know. Especially in dormitories that have now become co-ed, where you have men and women living in and with and around each other, it was considered valuable information to know if your daughter was going to be living in, around, or with a convicted rapist. That was thought to be good informa-tion, but apparently that is no longer considered by this administration as good information. People all across America have shown an interest in knowing whether there are child molesters in their neighborhood where their children are growing up and children are playing around the area. They want to know if their child is at risk because they know there is a significant recidivism rate, particularly among child molest-ers. Yet, this administration says it is time to stop calling criminals crimi-nals. Again, that is in keeping with the unwillingness to call radical Islamist, as the Muslim leader of Egypt, our friend, President el-Sisi, calls it—I mean, it is radical Islamists. He has had the courage to tell imams them-selves that we have to get control again of Islam and wrestle it back away from the radical Islamists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.068 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2875 May 19, 2016 
As my friend, Carolyn Glick, pointed out in The Jerusalem Post, by this ad-ministration’s refusal to call radical Islam radical Islam, it betrays our al-lies who are Muslim—like President el- Sisi in Egypt—who are wanting Mus-lims to stand up and say that these Islamists should not be allowed to rep-resent our religion because they know that they do. When you have a man with multiple degrees in Islamic studies saying that, yes, radical Islam is the ultimate Islam and, on the other hand, you have a President who did go to school in Indo-nesia in Muslim schools and elemen-tary school but does not have any de-grees in Islamic studies, like the world expert in Islamic studies, al-Qaradawi, well, one is President of the United States with no degrees in Islamic stud-ies, and he says it is not Islam. But a man who has studied Islam his whole life and has multiple degrees, including a Ph.D., says not only is it Islam, as the head of ISIS as he is, this is Islam the way it should be. We should be giving assistance to our allies, giving them cover by not going on with this facade where this adminis-tration refuses to call radical Islam radical Islam. They call radical Islamic terrorism exactly what it is. They are not helping our friends around the world that are trying to stand up and do the right thing. You could go back to Libya, the at-tack of Benghazi. We now know from what has been gathered from emails and information that Secretary Clin-ton basically told the President of Libya: We know that this Benghazi at-tack was not on a video, in essence, and that it was a planned attack. She told her daughter. Yet, she went out, as did Susan Rice, representing this administration and told us all, oh, it was all about the video; telling victims families that we are going to get the guy who did the video. Victims families from Benghazi have told me personally, when Sec-retary Clinton said we are going to get the guys that did the videos, which she now says she didn’t say—how tragic is that? So basically calling these victims’ families liars. But the families say, when she said we will get the guy that did the video, they were infuriated. They said: We didn’t care about the guy that did some video. We wanted our government to get the guys that killed our loved one, and that was not the message. You have to understand that there were a lot of things to do, there were promises to keep, and miles to go be-fore they slept. But we don’t know if they just went to bed and slept. When they found out the personal ambassador of the Secretary of State was missing, Clinton and President Obama, did they just go to bed? They won’t tell us. We know President Obama had a very important engagement the next day. He had to fly out early to Las Vegas for a big campaign speech. We know. We understand. Hey, that was more press-ing. We got that. We understand. To him, that was more pressing. What do you do? Do you go to sleep when you get word that your personal ambassador is missing? For the first time since 1979, an am-bassador ends up being killed. He wasn’t given adequate protection. Now, we are hearing more and more reports from people that the assets were there to go help. They could have saved at least two, maybe more of the four, but they were not allowed go and save the American heroes. Well, there is an article from Con-servative Review entitled ‘‘Busted: The 10 Most Dangerous Myths About Crimi-nal Justice Reform’’ that is being pushed especially by this administra-tion. And we do have some colleagues here in the House and Senate that are as well. ‘‘Myth number one: The prison popu-lation keeps growing, even though crime is declining.’’ ‘‘Fact: The D.C. intelligentsia argues our criminal justice system is in dire need of reform. But ask anyone outside the beltway, and they’ll give you a dif-ferent definition of ‘broken.’ Many Americans would agree that current laws are too lenient on criminals and disregard the victim all too often. It was the tough reforms put into place during the Reagan years and in the ’90s that produced the sharpest decline in violent crime on record. Those reforms, coupled with more aggressive policing, led to the only positive social trend in public policy in recent memory. That trend is now being reversed precisely as incarceration rates decline and Obama and his allies ratchet up the war against law enforcement. While cor-relation doesn’t necessarily prove cau-sation, the correlation is indeed strik-ing and in conjunction with the defanging of local police departments, the release of tens of thousands of Fed-eral prisoners can only result in exac-erbating this negative trajectory.’’ From the information that the FBI provided to Senator S
ESSIONS , we know about maybe less than 1 percent of Federal inmates in Federal prison are there for possession of a controlled sub-stance; that most are there for more. Ninety-nine percent or so are there for more than that. But those that have been involved in the criminal justice system, both in the State side, as I was, and on the Federal side—I mean, we work with each other. And we know the Federal Government never had interest, that I ever saw, in simple possession cases. Where the Federal Government had interest is if a real bad guy—maybe he had been involved in a shooting, a kill-ing, a robbing, a possession—but they wanted him to turn on his boss so they could get the bigger fish. They had to offer something to get him to turn, and they would offer—I have seen it many times—okay, we can’t have a plea agreement where we set a certain sen-tence, as they do in State court, but what we can do is agree to drop all the charges, except this one possession. So the sentence is not that great. Whatever the judge does won’t be that great. It won’t have the weapons charge in there, even though he used a weapon and engaged in violent activ-ity, if he will help us get Mr. Big. That happens. I have seen it happened. Back in the early ’80s, when I was court appointed in Federal court, I had approaches like that with regard to my clients: What can you help us with, and here are the charges we are willing to drop, even though we know we can prove them. Yet, this administration acts like that never happens and that, obvi-ously, all these people in prison be-cause of drug charges are really non-violent. That is garbage. That is why the crime rate keeps going up as this administration forces the release of more and more people. This article points out another myth: ‘‘There are millions of people incar-cerated in American prisons for no good reason.’’ ‘‘Fact: While there are approximately 1.5 million people incarcerated in American jails, prisons, and other in-stitutions, only 195,900 are Federal in-mates (a 10-year low). And only 159,000 in the Federal system are housed in ac-tual prisons. The rest are in privately managed facilities, home confinement, short-term detention, long-term board-ers, residential reentry centers, pre-trial/presentence holding, et cetera. At least 25 percent of the Federal prison population is comprised of illegal aliens and possibly more who are non-citizens. We should save money by re-leasing those criminals and deporting them.’’ What good does it do to deport some-body now when the border is so wide open? ‘‘Myth number 3: Incarceration costs so much money and criminal justice re-form will save billions.’’ Well, without reading through the whole article, I can tell you that is gar-bage as well. Myth number 4: ‘‘This bill will only release low level, nonviolent drug of-fenders.’’ As I pointed out, that is simply not the case. It is a good article. Myth number 5: ‘‘We have a big gov-ernment culture of overcriminalization that threatens liberty.’’ Well, the biggest problem of over-criminalization is when Congress has passed a law that says you can go to prison for violating any of the regula-tions regarding this subject, and then bureaucrats in some cubicle somewhere put some regulations in place under this administration—sometimes 80,000 pages of new regulations a year—and people, as the Heritage Foundation has said before in one of their books, are probably all violating three or four Federal laws a day. One other thing I wanted to touch on because it has been debated and a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.070 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2876 May 19, 2016 
allegations made, people are trying to assert that Republicans somehow are supportive of the old ways of slavery. Mr. Speaker, I just want to read from the Democratic Party Platform of 1856. This is a part of the platform. This is the belief of the Democratic Party, the national party: ‘‘That Congress has no power under the Constitution, to interfere with or control the domestic institutions of the several States, and that such States are the sole and proper judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not prohibited by the Constitu-tion; that all efforts of the abolition-ists’’—that is those who wanted to end slavery—‘‘or others, made to induce Congress to interfere with questions of slavery . . . are calculated to lead to the most alarming and dangerous con-sequences; and that all such efforts’’— talking about the end of slavery— ‘‘have an inevitable tendency to dimin-ish the happiness of the people and en-danger the stability and permanency of the Union, and ought not to be coun-tenanced by any friend of our political institutions.’’ The Democratic Party Platform of 1856 also declares that ‘‘new States’’ to the Union should be admitted ‘‘with or without domestic slavery, as the State may elect.’’ The Platform that year also says that ‘‘we recognize the right of the peo-ple of all the Territories . . . to form a Constitution, with or without domestic slavery.’’ b1330 The platform of 1860 of the national Democratic Party, in seeking to uphold the Fugitive Slave Act, states: ‘‘The enactments of the State legislatures to defeat the faithful execution of the Fu-gitive Slave Act are hostile in char-acter, subversive of the Constitution, and revolutionary in their effect.’’ The 14th Amendment, giving full citi-zenship to freed slaves, passed in 1868 with 94 percent Republican support and zero percent Democratic support in Congress. The 15th Amendment, giving freed slaves the right to vote, passed in 1870 with 100 percent Republican sup-port and zero percent Democratic sup-port in Congress. The Constitution of 1902 in the State of Virginia disenfranchised about 90 percent of the Black men who still voted at the beginning of the 20th cen-tury and nearly half of the White men. The number of eligible African Amer-ican voters fell from about 147,000 in 1901 to about 10,000 by 1905. The meas-ure was supported almost entirely by Virginia State Democrats. In 1924, the Democratic National Convention convened in New York at Madison Square Garden. The conven-tion is commonly known as the Klanbake due to the overwhelming in-fluence of the Ku Klux Klan in the party. In 1964, the Democratic Party led a 75-day filibuster against the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Leading the Democrats in their opposition to civil rights for Afri-can Americans was a member of the Democratic Party, Senator Robert Byrd from West Virginia, who was known to be a recruiter for the Ku Klux Klan. Senator Byrd spoke directly about the Civil Rights Act in a 14-hour filibuster, proclaiming: ‘‘Men are not equal today, and they were not created equal in 1776, when the Declaration of Independence was written. Men and races of men differ in appearance, ways, physical power, mental capacity, creativity, and vision.’’ The Democratic Party identified itself as the ‘‘White man’s party’’ and demonized the Republican Party as being dominated by African Americans. So it is interesting to hear these re-written parts of our history. When you know the hearts and minds of the peo-ple on the Republican side of the aisle, you find out there is nobody who wants slavery. We wish that slavery that held this Nation back—because as D
ANIEL  W
EBSTER used to preach and John Quincy Adams used to preach, how was a good God going to keep blessing America when we were treating broth-ers and sisters in Christ this way, put-ting them in chains and bondage? America was harmed. It was dev-astating to African American lives to be placed in slavery—the degradation, the humiliation. I am grateful to be part of the party that stood up and made the change. But more than the Republican Party, the Judeo-Christian beliefs, especially in the 1700s after the Great Awakening, the First Great Awakening in America, revival in America where people turned to God, became Christians, they under-stood travesties better by under-standing the Bible. They stood up, and they demanded equal rights for people, and it led to a revolution. In the 1800s, there was a lot of de-bauchery, but during the Second Great Awakening, churches were really the core behind the abolitionist movement. We should never be putting brothers and sisters in chains. That is an abomi-nation. It held America back. It helped greatly prevent America from reaching the heights that it would once slavery was gone. But then even after slavery was gone, as a result of the great Republican fa-ther of our party, Abraham Lincoln, as he is sometimes referred to, people were not treated equally. As I just read, even in Virginia, this great State of Virginia, Democrats were deter-mined to prevent African Americans from voting, and they were successful in large degree. Mr. Speaker, I think a good way to finish today is to go back to the final argument. We have the entire final ar-gument from John Quincy Adams. He was elected President in 1824. He was defeated by Andrew Jackson in 1828. But in 1830 he did an incredible thing that no one has ever done since. After being President, he ran for Congress, for the House of Representatives. He didn’t even run for Senate. He ran for the House of Representatives. He be-lieved God was calling him. As William Wilberforce believed God had called him to bring an end to slavery in Great Britain, Adams believed God was call-ing him back into government after being defeated as President, that he would lower himself to run for the House of Representatives. He got elect-ed in 1830. Speech after speech was against slav-ery. How can we expect God to bless America when we are treating brothers and sisters with chains and bondage? Sermons were so powerful that those sermons given against slavery, as he filed bills to end slavery, to free spe-cific slaves over and over, those ser-mons he preached on the floor of the House right down the hall had a power-ful impact on a homely-looking guy with an unpleasant sounding voice named Abraham Lincoln. He over-lapped briefly before the massive stroke that took John Quincy Adams out. Adams knew when he died back in the Speaker’s suite that he had not done what he thought God had called him to do—end slavery. It was 1848. But we now know, and Lincoln knew and said as much, as Steve Mansfield was telling me. He wrote a great book on Lincoln’s struggle with God. He knew that those speeches on the House floor down the hall, they didn’t end slavery, but they materially changed the atti-tude and affected that man named Abraham Lincoln that, 13 years after Adams would die, he would see to slav-ery’s end. At the end of his argument, he was afraid he had not prevailed on behalf of Africans who were taken as captives by another African tribe, sold into slav-ery, and taken to the African coast. They were put on a ship and taken to the Caribbean, where they were put on a smaller ship called the Amistad. ‘‘Amistad’’ is a great movie. Long-view, Texas, native Matthew McConaughey plays the trial lawyer representing the Africans. Their posi-tion was: We are not anybody’s prop-erty. When the Africans took over the ship, landed accidentally in America, the Spanish said: These people are our property, and this ship is ours. Let us go. The Africans’ version: Hey, we are not anybody’s property. We want to go home. That case was argued downstairs in the old Supreme Court Chamber. Adams knew if he didn’t do an ade-quate job, those Africans would leave in chains, their children would wear chains; and he was scared to death that he would not have been up to the job, and, as a result, there would be more suffering. We have his exact argument. He fin-ished like this. This is after he had been President. He said: ‘‘Little did I imagine that I should ever again be required to claim the right of appearing in the capacity of an officer of this Court; yet such has been the dictate of my destiny—and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.071 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2877 May 19, 2016 
appear again to plead the cause of jus-tice, and now of liberty and life, in be-half of many of my fellow men, before that same Court, which in a former age I had addressed in support of rights of property I stand again, I trust for the last time, before the same Court.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘I stand before the same Court, but not before the same judges—nor aided by the same associ-ates—nor resisted by the same oppo-nents. As I cast my eyes—‘‘ he stood looking at the judges—‘‘along those seats of honor and of public trust, now occupied by you, they seek in vain for one of those honored and honorable persons whose indulgence listened then to my voice. Marshall—Cushing— Chase—Washington—Johnson—Living-ston—Todd—where are they? Where is that eloquent statesman and learned lawyer who was my associate counsel in the management of that cause, Rob-ert Goodloe Harper? Where is that bril-liant luminary, so long the pride of Maryland and of the American bar, then my opposing counsel, Luther Mar-tin? Where is the excellent clerk of that day, whose name has been in-scribed on the shores of Africa, as a monument of his abhorrence of the Af-rican slave-trade, Elias B. Caldwell? Where is the marshal—where are the criers of the Court? Alas. Where is one of the very judges of the Court, arbi-ters of life and death, before whom I commenced this anxious argument, even now prematurely closed? Where are they all? Gone. Gone. All gone— gone from the services which, in their day and generation, they faithfully rendered to their country. From the excellent characters which they sus-tained in life, so far as I have had the means of knowing, I humbly hope, and fondly trust, that they have gone to re-ceive the rewards of blessedness on high. In taking, then, my final leave of this Bar, and of this honorable Court, I can only . . . ‘‘a fervent petition to Heaven, that every member of it may go to his final account with as little of earthly frailty to answer for as those illustrious dead, and that you may, every one’’—talking to the judges— ‘‘after the close of a long and virtuous career in this world, be received at the portals of the next with the approving sentence—‘Well done, good and faithful servant; enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.’’’ We should all hope as such. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1635. An act to authorize the Depart-ment of State for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 18, 2016, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 4957. To designate the Federal build-ing located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Ariel Rios Federal Building’’. H.R. 4923. To establish a process for the submission and consideration of petitions for temporary duty suspensions and reductions, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 23, 2016, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5391. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Legal, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Registration of Securities Transfer Agents (RIN: 3064-AE41) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5392. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Communications and Legislative Af-fairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Regulations under the Ameri-cans With Disabilities Act (RIN: 3046-AB01) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5393. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Deeming Tobacco Products To Be Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, as Amended by the Family Smok-ing Prevention and Tobacco Control Act; Re-strictions on the Sale and Distribution of Tobacco Products and Required Warning Statements for Tobacco Products [Docket No.: FDA-2014-N-0189] (RIN: 0910-AG38) re-ceived May 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5394. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Ex-empt External Power Supplies Under the EPS Service Parts Act of 2014 [Docket No.: EERE-2015-BT-CRT-0013] (RIN: 1904-AD53) re-ceived May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5395. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-393, ‘‘Home Purchase Assistance Program Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5396. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-391, ‘‘Marijuana Possession De-criminalization Clarification Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5397. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-390, ‘‘Notary Public Fee En-hancement Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5398. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-389, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 697, S.O. 15-26230, Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5399. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-387, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 342, S.O. 14-21629, Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5400. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-386, ‘‘Tree Canopy Protection Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5401. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-380, ‘‘Higher Education Licen-sure Commission Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5402. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-381, ‘‘Business Improvement Dis-tricts Sunset Repeal Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5403. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-382, ‘‘Civic Associations Public Space Permit Fee Waiver Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5404. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-383, ‘‘Tax Sale Resource Center Clarifying Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5405. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-384, ‘‘Revised Synthetics Abate-ment and Full Enforcement Drug Control Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5406. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-379, ‘‘DMPED Procurement Clar-ification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5407. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-385, ‘‘Caregiver Advise, Record, and Enable Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.072 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2878 May 19, 2016 
Stat. 814) (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5408. A letter from the Acting Director, Planning and Policy Analysis, Office of Per-sonnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program: Options B and C (RIN: 3206-AM96) received May 16, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5409. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Greenland Turbot in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648- XE590) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5410. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s interim final rule — Enhanced Doc-ument Requirements and Captain Training Requirements To Support Use of the Dolphin Safe Label on Tuna Products [Docket No.: 160204080-6080-01] (RIN: 0648-BF73) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 5411. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 150903814-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE564) received May 17, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5412. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment of Georges Bank and Southern New England/Mid-Atlan-tic Yellowtail Flounder Annual Catch Limits [Docket No.: 160202070-6070-01] (RIN: 0648- XE427) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5413. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclu-sive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; American Fisheries Act; Amendment 111 [Docket No.: 150817730-6320-02] (RIN: 0648- BF29) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5414. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 21-388, ‘‘Made in DC Program Es-tablishment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5415. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-3147; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-094-AD; Amendment 39-18479; AD 2016-08-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5416. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; SOCATA Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-0068; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-037- AD; Amendment 39-18484; AD 2016-08-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5417. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4811; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-104-AD; Amendment 39-18481; AD 2016-08-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5418. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (formerly Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 5914; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-056-AD; Amendment 39-18472; AD 2016-07-27] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5419. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4810; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-090- AD; Amendment 39-18475; AD 2016-07-30] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5420. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4204; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-001- AD; Amendment 39-18482; AD 2016-08-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5421. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (previously Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 4112; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-043-AD; Amendment 39-18471; AD 2016-07-26] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5422. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-5458; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-027-AD; Amendment 39-18473; AD 2016-07-28] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5423. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5457; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-008-AD; Amendment 39- 18469; AD 2016-07-24] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5424. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-5432; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-009-AD; Amendment 39-18466; AD 2016-07-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5425. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-5813; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-111-AD; Amendment 39-18460; AD 2016-07-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5426. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BAE SYSTEMS (Operations) Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1279; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-NM-049-AD; Amend-ment 39-18454; AD 2016-07-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5427. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Previously Eurocopter France) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0333; Directorate Identifier 2013- SW-025-AD; Amendment 39-18474; AD 2016-07- 29] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5428. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (For-merly Known As Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-4809; Directorate Identifier 2015- NM-012-AD; Amendment 39-18463; AD 2016-07- 18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5429. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Aviation Training Device Credit for Pilot Certification [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1846; Amdt. Nos. 61-136, 141-18] (RIN: 2120-AK71) received May 17, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5430. A letter from the Trial Attorney, FRA, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Posi-tive Train Control Systems [Docket No.: FRA-2016-0012, Notice No. 1] (RIN: 2130-AC56) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.000 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2879 May 19, 2016 
received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5431. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, South Bend, WA [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3771; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM- 28] received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5432. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-1426; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-200- AD; Amendment 39-18462; AD 2016-07-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5433. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0775; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-046- AD; Amendment 39-18467; AD 2016-07-22] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5434. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8136; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-189- AD; Amendment 39-18480; AD 2016-08-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 17, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4894. A bill to repeal title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Rept. 114–574, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 496. A bill to establish the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–575). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4680. A bill to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cul-tural resources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–576, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: Committee on Ap-propriations. H.R. 5293. A bill making appro-priations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–577). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture and Edu-cation and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4680 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Agriculture, the Judici-ary, and Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4894 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5282. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to improve the consumer re-porting system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. I
SSA, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California, and Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia): H.R. 5283. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to reform certain forfeiture pro-cedures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 5284. A bill to eliminate the individual and employer health coverage mandates under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, to expand beyond that Act the choices in obtaining and financing affordable health insurance coverage, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. M
CDERMOTT ): H.R. 5285. A bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to require the annual human rights reports to include information on the institutionalization of children and the subjection of children to cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment, unnecessary deten-tion, and denial of the right to life, liberty, and the security of persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5286. A bill to make certain improve-ments in the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. K
IND, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): H.R. 5287. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide medical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient services to treat substance use dis-orders at certain facilities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. L
ANGEVIN ): H.R. 5288. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of clean technology consortia to enhance the economic, environmental, and energy security of the United States by pro-moting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. R
EED): H.R. 5289. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the energy credit for certain high-efficiency linear generator property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H.R. 5290. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to qualify homeless youth and veterans who are full-time students for purposes of the low income housing tax cred-it; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5291. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide enhanced consumer protection for air passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY  of New York): H.R. 5292. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, relating to hiring of certain air traffic control specialists, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BABIN (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 5294. A bill to invalidate the reinter-pretation of title IX through guidance issued by the Department of Education and the De-partment of Justice on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself and Mr. N
OLAN ): H.R. 5295. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide annual min-imum and maximum cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. N UNES , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. T
IBERI ): H.R. 5296. A bill to make Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation a distinct en-tity within the Department of the Treasury, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. S
ANFORD ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.000 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2880 May 19, 2016 
H.R. 5297. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require inclusion of the taxpayer’s social security number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax cred-it; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 5298. A bill to establish requirements regarding quality dates and safety dates in food labeling, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. K
ILMER ): H.R. 5299. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the United States Army Dust Off crews of the Vietnam War, collectively, in recognition of their extraordinary her-oism and life-saving actions in Vietnam; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Admin-istration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5300. A bill to prohibit any appropria-tion of funds to the National Park Service for the of study how artificial light affects the movements and behavior of insects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ): H.R. 5301. A bill to exempt small seller financers from certain licensing require-ments and debt-to-income requirements for qualified mortgages; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5302. A bill to authorize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. M
ENG): H. Res. 741. A resolution recognizing the importance of nonprofit organizations to the economy of the United States and expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘Nonprofit Organization (NPO) Recognition Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Recognizing that numerous federal crimi-nal law statutes (through which federal civil asset forfeiture is enacted) have tenuous con-stitutional justifications, this reform bill embeds and advances constitutional prin-ciples found in the Fourth, Fifth, Tenth Amendments. The bill also derives authority from Congress’ Article I, Section 8, clause 9 authority to ‘‘constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court.’’ This authority in-cludes the rules and procedures used by infe-rior federal courts. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 5284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Consistent with Congress’ power to tax, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 1 of Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. Additionally, con-sistent with original understanding of the Commerce Clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 3 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. MILLER of Florida: H.R. 5286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 5289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-gress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. MCDERMOTT: H.R. 5290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Com-merce Clause By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 5293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 5294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment X: The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people. By Mr. HECK of Nevada: H.R. 5295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 5296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 5298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-tion By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 5299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I Section 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’) By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.100 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2881 May 19, 2016 
this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 194: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia, Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. F
UDGE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 448: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 816: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 969: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 1062: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN and Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 1192: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 1197: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H.R. 1233: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 1398: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1519: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1600: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2035: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2274: Mr. H
ECKof Washington and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2278: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 2350: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H.R. 2404: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 2513: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 2737: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 2752: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 3007: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 3012: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3514: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. K
ILDEE , and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 3516: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 3684: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3706: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 3871: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 3880: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3957: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 3965: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 4223: Mr. H
ECKof Washington and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4262: Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 4298: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 4301: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4307: Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H.R. 4365: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. R OSKAM , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 4460: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 4514: Mr. I
SSA, Mr. A BRAHAM , and Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 4526: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 4534: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4592: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. B
EYER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. Curbelo of Florida, Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. H AHN and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4626: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. B
OST, and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 4715: Mr. B
ENISHEK and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4730: Mr. F
ORBES . H.R. 4768: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. G OWDY and Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 4773: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 4775: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B
ARLETTA , and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 4816: Mr. R
IBBLE . H.R. 4842: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 4847: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4848: Mr. M
ICA. H.R. 4893: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4907: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4955: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4956: Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.R. 4994: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 5006: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5025: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5044: Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. V
EASEY , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. H.R. 5073: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5076: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . H.R. 5090: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 5143: Mrs. T
IPTON . H.R. 5147: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 5166: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Ms. GABBARD , Ms. G RA-
HAM, and Mr. S TUTZMAN . H.R. 5168: Mr. B
ENISHEK , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Mr. M ICA. H.R. 5203: Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Mr. G OH-
MERT . H.R. 5210: Mr. F
ORBES and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 5213: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. N
OEM, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5224: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B RAT, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. P OMPEO . H.R. 5230: Mr. H
UIZENGA of Michigan. H.R. 5237: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 5254: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5275: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H ARPER  and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. N
OLAN . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. R OSS, Mrs. B LACK and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H. Res. 94: Ms. L
EE, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH . H. Res. 494: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 686: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 717: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H. Res. 729: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. I
SSA, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. S IRES. f 
AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 4974 O
FFERED BY: MR. PERRY  A
MENDMENT NO. 11: At the end of the bill, before the short title, add the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force Executive Order 13502. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.038 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3003 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 19, 2016 No. 80 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of all nations, strengthen us that we may meet the challenges of these times. Enable us to live so that we will bring honor to Your Name. Be merciful to our Nation, for You are our hope. Today, empower our lawmakers with the music of Your wisdom that they may bring hope out of despair and joy out of sadness. Lord, teach them to cel-ebrate even in the darkness, because You are the God of our salvation. We celebrate Your mighty acts and take solace from Your providential guid-ance. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, I come to the floor today not to talk about a po-litical issue, in the real sense of the word—not Democrat versus Repub-lican—but a very difficult sensitive issue. It is hard to talk about, but we as a nation can’t keep ignoring this im-portant topic. It has been more than 20 years since I learned about something called fe-male genital mutilation, known as FGM. Since then, I have spoken often against this awful procedure and the devastating effect it has on women and girls around the world. A number of people warned me 20 years ago that this isn’t a subject I should talk about. It was taboo. They thought it would be untoward for me to do so. But I told them I had to because no one else was talking about it. So I am going to continue doing everything I can to bring attention to this issue and fight to end this horrible, awful, brutal practice perpetrated against women and girls. It was a 1994 cable news program that introduced me to this practice. One of my friends in Las Vegas said: You can’t imagine this. This was a young woman who sent this to me. I didn’t expect getting this from her or anyone else. But we were friends, and so I watched this. She said: You have to. And I did: A 10-year-old little girl in a party dress held down by two men, her legs spread apart, and she was brutally mutilated as her genitals were cut away. These images have continually haunted me over the years. I will never ever forget the picture that I saw. There are different forms of female genital mutilation around the world. The most severe and atrocious is the one in which the girl’s genitals are cut away. But then the little girls are lit-erally sewn shut, leaving only a small opening for urine and menstrual blood. Though FGM is performed for dif-ferent reasons around the world. One thing is very clear: Whatever ration-ality you try to give to this practice, it is a form of control and oppression of women and girls. In addition to the psychological im-pact, this form of gender-based vio-lence has serious medical risks, includ-ing death, of course. It is recognized by the United Nations as a human rights violation, as it should be. But FGM is still happening. As we speak, 200 million women and girls worldwide have undergone FGM—200 million women and girls who are alive today who have undergone that proce-dure that I watched on cable news, or something like it. More than two dec-ades after I first saw that program, women and girls are still being hacked, mutilated. It is not done in a hospital, an operating room. It is done in very unsanitary conditions most of the time. This practice remains prevalent in at least 30 countries. In some places, the rates of FGM are higher than 90 per-cent—90 percent. In many of these countries, girls are cut before the age of 5. In most places they are cut be-tween the ages of 5 and 14. In many of these countries, girls—well, enough. Imagine that—girls who haven’t even started school yet, of kindergarten age or younger, being subjected to this hor-ror. Because of these millions of girls, I have spent more than 20 years trying to do something about it. I have worked hard to pass legislation out-lawing the practice in the United States and banning so-called vacation cutting, which goes on when young girls are shipped overseas. Because it is illegal here, due to the laws we passed, they take them overseas to be cut. There was some bipartisan support, obviously, for this. It is not a partisan issue. We were able to have a few vic-tories—certainly not enough, but some. Still, this brutal practice continues around the world, and it is clear there must be much more done—much more done. That is why, at my request, the Gen-eral Accountability Office began a study on the American Government’s efforts to stop this practice. The GAO has now completed its report about our government’s international efforts. It wasn’t much of a report. It was kind of short. The report is shameful in terms of what we have not done. The title of the report says it all: ‘‘Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.000 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3004 May 19, 2016 
U.S. Assistance to Combat This Harm-ful Practice Abroad is Limited.’’ And ‘‘limited’’ is an understatement. I am publicly releasing this report today, which outlines the U.S. Govern-ment’s limited—limited—efforts. I am terribly disappointed. I am embar-rassed that the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International De-velopment are not fully engaged in dedicating resources to put an end to this. According to the GAO report, USAID and the State Department each had just one active stand-alone project fo-cused on stopping female genital muti-lation. One of these projects is gone— already ended. Less than $2 million has been spent on these projects combined. The GAO also found that the United States has never contributed—never contributed—a penny to the world’s largest international effort against this horrible, awful practice. It is called the Joint Programme on FGM/C. It is embarrassing. We have not put one penny into this. During the course of the GAO inves-tigation, State and USAID both began to take action. They were embarrassed, I assume. If they weren’t, they should have been. But they haven’t done much. USAID, for example, decided to update the guidance it released 16 years ago, and Secretary Kerry re-cently announced that the United States will be contributing to the Joint Programme for the first time. Bravo. I commend this commitment, but I understand these funds are not a dedi-cated funding source. They are just a one-time, very limited pledge. Maybe we will have to get another GAO report before we get something into that pro-gram. It shouldn’t take a GAO inves-tigation for State and USAID to act. The United States should prioritize ending this practice, but it hasn’t. This is shameful. It is a tragedy that our great government is not doing more. It is inexcusable that the United States, a nation with wealth and power, is standing by while such sick-ening violence against women and girls is occurring. As we speak, 200 million have undergone this in the world—200 million. The State Department and USAID should end it or do everything they can to make female genital mutilation a priority and dedicate substantial re-sources to this issue. It is a cause. It should be, if it isn’t. The United States can and must do far more to eliminate this practice worldwide. We still have problems here in the United States. This shameful GAO report, I hope, is a wake-up call. Something had to wake us up because we have done almost nothing as a country. The report should be a turning point in the fight against FGM, a moment when the most powerful nation in the world com-mences the stopping of this brutal form of abuse. The United States should be a leader in this fight and not a bystander. We must put this brutal practice to an end. America must lead the world in stopping these assaults of little girls and big girls and women. I hope the Senate will join me in these efforts. Mr. President, I don’t see anyone on the floor. I ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2577, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Collins amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Lee) amendment No. 3897 (to amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) amendment No. 3898 (to amendment No. 3896), making supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus. McConnell (for Cornyn) modified amend-ment No. 3899 (to amendment No. 3896), mak-ing emergency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. McConnell (for Blunt) modified amend-ment No. 3900 (to amendment No. 3896), Zika response and preparedness. Collins (for Blunt) amendment No. 3946 (to amendment No. 3900), to require the periodic submission of spending plan updates to the Committee on Appropriations. McCain/Blumenthal amendment No. 4039 (to amendment No. 3896), to extend and ex-pand eligibility for the Veterans Choice Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to establish consistent criteria and standards relating to the use of amounts under the Medical Community Care account of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11:15 a.m. will be equally divided between the managers or their designees. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I appre-ciate seeing the Presiding Officer in the chair and having a ‘‘Corey’’ rep-resented and presiding over the U.S. Senate. I rise today to speak against an amendment now pending to this bill that would block a rule that seeks to fulfill the promise of the Fair Housing Act. This issue is very deeply personal to me and one that really has defined my own personal history. I would like to start by telling a story. In 1969, just 1 year after the passage of the Fair Housing Act, a couple here in Washington, DC, married with two boys, decided to move to New Jersey. In New Jersey, they encountered a lot of a practice called real estate steer-ing, where Black couples were steered away from certain neighborhoods. Realizing they were being steered away from White neighborhoods, they grew frustrated, and they sought the help of the fair housing council. They set up an elaborate sting operation where my parents would go look at a home—or this couple would go look at a home—and they would then be fol-lowed by a White couple. The couple was told the house was sold or it was not for sale. The White couple would then appear and find out if that was, indeed, true. Most often for this couple from Washington, DC, yes, they would find out the house was still for sale. Eventually this couple found a house they loved in a small town called Har-rington Park, NJ, but they were told that the house was not for sale. They were told the house had been pulled off the market or sold. They left. Then the White couple came behind them. Lo and behold, the house had not been sold or was not pulled off the market. The White couple pretended that they loved the house as the Black couple did and put a bid on the house. The bid was ac-cepted. On the day of the closing, instead of the White couple showing up, the Afri-can-American gentleman from the Black couple and a volunteer lawyer came to confront the real estate agent. The real estate agent was so upset that he stood up and punched the lawyer representing the Black couple and sicced his dog on the African-American man. Yet the law was on their side. The fair housing law of the United States of America, the law of the Federal Gov-ernment, was on their side. Eventually, that Black couple and their two kids moved into that home in Harrington Park, NJ. That was 1969. It was the year I was born, and that cou-ple was my parents, Cary and Carolyn Booker. That is my origin story. Legis-lation that this body passed empowered my family to move into the home of their dreams in an all-White neighbor-hood with incredibly good schools that I went through from K–12. I am the beneficiary of work this body did to en-sure that our American values are pre-served, our values of inclusion and in-tegration, to make sure fair housing is the law of the land. That work gave me my start in life. The activism of local activists, combined with the law of the land as passed by us, defined my path. After decades of struggle in commu-nities across the country, we have largely been successful in banning overt housing discrimination. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.002 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3005 May 19, 2016 
should be proud of our work. But legis-lation that we passed should not be-come a relic of history. It is not some-thing for us to turn and admire. We all know on many issues the cause of free-dom and the cause of justice neces-sitate constant vigilance. So I rise today with the knowledge that while major pieces of civil rights legislation like the Fair Housing Act have had a significant impact on mil-lions of Americans—White, Black, Latino, Asian, disabled—this has had a full impact. We still have work to do to continue that vigilance to make sure that those values, those ideals, and the law of the land are made real for fami-lies. Unfortunately, for nearly 50 years there has not been real guidance, direc-tion, or tools to help local officials achieve the goals of the Fair Housing Act, which are integrated housing, fair housing, equal access. In 2010, in fact, the Government Accountability Office found that the Department of Housing and Urban Development, HUD, failed to properly administer oversight obliga-tions under the Fair Housing Act and failed to monitor its guarantees for compliance with the law. In 2013, HUD proposed affirmatively furthering fair housing, a new rule that would seek to fulfill the promise of the Fair Housing Act and eliminate a lot of the historic patterns of segregation that still go on in America today. The vision for the rule is to institute a data-driven analysis of localities and to develop Federal grant programs for housing and economic inclusion. When I was mayor, people came to me with passions and accusations and the like. I used to always say: In God we trust, but, everybody else, bring me data. It is important to look at the numbers to know what really is going on. So HUD brought about this idea of making sure we have that data—not in a rushed process. The administration engaged in a diligent 2-year rule-making process with public inclusion, participation from others, and lots of public comment periods. They finalized that rule in July 2015. It is unfortunate that one of my dear colleagues—somebody whom I value very much because we do a lot of work across the aisle—has introduced an amendment that would block this rule’s implementation, and I must re-spectfully disagree with the intent of this amendment. The Fair Housing Act and, really, the entirety of the Civil Rights Act were meant, again, to be real today, not just relics of yesterday. They were meant to be guideposts and standards by which we hold ourselves accountable for the values we put forth. The affirmatively further fair hous-ing rule is a measure of accountability for HUD and for ourselves. You cannot change what you cannot measure. Let me say that again. I learned this as a manager: If you can’t measure it, you can’t change it or affect it. The rule will arm communities most in need with knowledge and numbers so they can make intelligent local deci-sions and best apply their resources. It is what everyone who has to manage something needs: accurate data. It will improve the access to quality data on local demographics and streamline the process for analyzing local fair housing impediments, helping grantees estab-lish their own local fair housing prior-ities. This rule does not interfere with local zoning or housing laws, and it prevents further taxpayer dollars from being used to discriminate. Every stakeholder—every one of us— is afforded an opportunity to comment on the rule that HUD made, and, as a former local leader, it empowers people at the localities to do justice by their communities. This is a balanced and a measured rule, and it takes up the cause of the work to make our country more and more just. I know personally that so much of the character of our country comes from the values we have as a whole. There are rare times in our history where this body is called upon to af-firm those values. This body’s his-tory—the noble history of this body—is something I have benefited from per-sonally around fair housing. Now we have more tools necessary, with big data and analysis, to more effectively and affirmatively assert our values and ensure injustice is not being done. I want to make sure that we defeat this amendment for those reasons. I be-lieve and know the values of my col-league who proposed this. I do not think it achieves the end that we want to see by disempowering people to try to help families like mine. I was a child in DC moving to New Jersey and found justice—found a pathway toward inte-gration. Indeed, I doubt I would be here right now if it weren’t for the laws of our land. I hope we can defeat this amendment and ensure that our Nation becomes more fair and more just and that more families like mine can find the Amer-ica we hail when we pledge allegiance to the flag and say we are a Nation of liberty and justice for all. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time during the quorum calls be charged equally, fairly—like fair housing—fairly, to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, Senators have been working diligently this week, continuing our efforts to ad-vance American priorities and respon-sibly fund important programs through the appropriations process. We have made good progress so far. The Senate already passed one funding bill by a broad majority at a record early time. Another Appropriations subcommittee approved its own funding bill just the other day, and it is my hope that we will be able to move two more funding measures across the finish line very shortly. With continued work and co-operation, we can do just that. The two measures before us are the result of hard work, negotiation, and compromise. They are the product of strong leadership by Senators C
OLLINS  and K
IRK, and they are the culmination of a good deal of input from both sides of the aisle. Here is what we know these bills can achieve: The transportation and hous-ing infrastructure appropriations bill will invest in our transportation sys-tems and help ensure safety and effi-ciency. The veterans and military con-struction funding bill will help improve care for veterans and increase over-sight and accountability efforts at the VA. The legislation before us will also in-clude a provision to help address Zika. This compromise provision will focus on immediate needs while also pro-viding resources for longer term goals such as a vaccine. It is another re-minder that keeping Americans safe and healthy is a top priority for us all. Let’s continue our work today to move these important funding measures clos-er to passage. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3897 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, a home is more than just a roof over someone’s head; it is actually where a family builds their lives. In our coun-try, we need to do everything we can to make sure families have options when it comes to finding a place to live, and they need access to affordable, safe, and fair housing. Unfortunately, today Republicans want to deal a significant blow to fair housing. The amendment they are offering would tear down the civil rights protections in the Fair Housing Act of 1968, and I am here today to strongly urge my colleagues to vote against it. Before the civil rights movement, Af-rican Americans faced an enormous amount of injustice and racism in housing. People of color were often rel-egated to substandard housing. They were denied mortgages, and rent in an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.003 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3006 May 19, 2016 
African-American neighborhood was often higher than rent in a White neighborhood. When the Fair Housing Act went into effect in 1968, it not only banned dis-crimination in the sale, rental, and fi-nancing of housing, it went a step fur-ther: A new Federal housing agency was charged with proactively rooting out discrimination and segregation in communities across the country. That is an important part of the law because today people across the country still face systemic and sometimes racially motivated barriers to housing. People with disabilities, people of color, fami-lies with children, and religious groups in many areas have limited housing choices. Last year the Department of Housing and Urban Development, also known as HUD, issued a long-overdue rule to help carry out that mission to proactively eliminate housing segregation and dis-crimination. For States and local gov-ernments that get HUD investments, this rule would improve the quality and access to data on demographics, it would help researchers analyze the bar-riers people face to access fair housing, and it would help set priorities and goals for carrying out the mission to actively fight back against discrimina-tion and segregation. Based on pilot programs from around the country, we know this rule can help expand opportunity to more Americans. One of those pilots was in Seattle in my home State of Wash-ington. After an assessment of high- poverty areas in Puget Sound, the city saw that neighborhoods that histori-cally have been disenfranchised lacked job opportunities. Armed with that data, the city is setting up a food dis-tribution center and a job incubator in those neighborhoods. The city’s work is helping to foster job growth in places where low-income residents live, and through that work, the city expanded economic security to more people. That would not have been possible without the data this long-overdue rule provided us. This is the kind of success this new rule will help further, but unfortu-nately we are seeing that some Repub-licans want to put a stop to those posi-tive changes and backtrack on the gains we have made on civil rights in housing, and to me, that is unaccept-able. Here in Congress, we should be clearing pathways for more Americans to access more housing, not blocking the away. I am here today to urge my col-leagues to vote against that amend-ment, which we will be voting on later. Mr. President, while I have the floor, I wish to talk about another topic that is very important to me. I am very honored to come to the floor today with good news for thousands of mili-tary families, including three couples I met just last week here in the Nation’s Capital. Each of the veterans I met with had suffered a catastrophic injury while fighting for our country, which changed the course of their lives and their families’ lives forever. Matt Keil was shot by a sniper and paralyzed. Kevin Jaye was injured by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan. Tyler Black was paralyzed during a firefight. What was the one thing each of these veterans wished for after he returned home and got out of the hospital? Well, like so many women and men in our country, they dreamed of having a fam-ily of their own. Even though each veteran suffered injuries that made it nearly impossible to conceive naturally, they have hope because in this day and age, the med-ical technology exists to make their dream of having a family come true. The most popular path is in vitro fer-tilization, known as IVF, but because of a policy enacted decades ago, the VA is barred from covering the costs of IVF, which forced Matt, Kevin, and Tyler, with their partners, to go down that road alone even though their inju-ries were caused while serving all of us overseas. Collectively, they have paid tens and tens of thousands of dollars out-of-pocket. Matt said to me that when he heard the VA wouldn’t cover the one medical procedure he and his wife wanted so badly, he felt like his country had abandoned him. We are talking about a man who sacrificed his body for our country. I believe this is wrong. When this country sends brave men and women to work, we promise to take care of them when they return home. That is why I have been fighting to change this pol-icy once and for all, and today I am very proud to see this effort take a big step forward with bipartisan support here in the Senate. My provision in the underlying VA appropriations bill will finally allow the VA to cover those costs and let our veterans know their country is there for them when they come home. It is the right thing to do for Matt and his wife Tracy, Kevin and Lauren, Tyler and Crystal, and every other military family in this country. As we move to pass this bill through the Senate, I call on my colleagues in the House to follow suit and get this done. This is not about politics or par-tisanship, and we shouldn’t be cutting corners when it comes to our veterans and their families. This is a chance to support our veterans and the dreams they have fought so hard for—to have a family. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I call for regular order with respect to the Blunt amendment No. 3900. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment is now pending. Mr. LEE. Thank you, Mr. President. I rise not to debate the broad ques-tion of the Federal Government’s prop-er role in protecting and advancing public health; instead, I am here to stress to my colleagues that with a growing national debt that will soon exceed $20 trillion, we cannot continue spending money we don’t have. If this emergency supplemental measure is adopted, it will be the 15th emergency supplemental we have passed since 2006, totaling about $190 billion in deficit spending. This is not how responsible governments budget. It is not how responsible governments behave. Indeed, we have the ability to provide the resources the country needs to fight the Zika virus without adding to our national debt. For starters, we can undo the $500 million President Obama took from the international infectious diseases account which was placed in his unapproved Green Climate Fund. USAID is sitting on $1.2 billion in un-obligated Ebola funds. The Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response currently has $347 mil-lion not being put to use. There is $525 million in CDC’s global health security agenda that is unspoken for. To the extent that the Zika virus is truly an emergency, one that deserves the Federal Government’s attention, we already have more than enough un-used emergency funds to pay for the fight against this emerging threat. Yesterday, my colleague, the distin-guished junior senator from Oklahoma, Mr. LANKFORD , illustrated that this ad-ministration has tens of billions of dol-lars in unobligated discretionary funds to pay for this as well. What we should not do, however, is allow the Zika virus to be yet another excuse to run up the national debt, just so appropriators can come back and use unspent emergency money on non-emergency parochial priorities at some later date. The entire emergency spending label is to some, perhaps, a little bit mis-leading. It does not mean that the money gets spent any faster. All it does is give Congress the ability to spend the money without having to pay for it, to spend the money without hav-ing to offset it somewhere else. That is not how we should operate. I urge my colleagues to uphold this budget point of order. Mr. President, pursuant to section 314(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I raise a point of order against all of the emergency designations con-tained in amendment No. 3900, a list of which I am sending to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I cer-tainly share the deep concern expressed by my colleague from Utah over the growing size of the Federal debt. It is a serious problem. I encourage him to look at the chart that Senator A
LEX-
ANDER has produced, which shows where the problem is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.005 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3007 May 19, 2016 
The problem is on the mandatory side of the budget, not the discre-tionary side of the budget, which, due to efforts we have made, has been held relatively flat for several years. But the mandatory spending side of the budget is soaring. There is no doubt about that. For example, many of us, when the administration presented its budget, rejected the gimmicks that were included, for example, in the transportation budget to shift some $7 billion from discretionary to manda-tory spending. That was unwarranted. We did not do that. But if ever there were an emergency, it is the threat posed to public health by the Zika virus. About 2 weeks ago, Senator J
OHNNY ISAKSON and I went to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, GA, and heard briefings from the top experts in the world about the threat posed by the Zika virus. The fact is that the news keeps get-ting worse and worse. Zika has now been linked for certain to a severe kind of birth defect, making pregnant women particularly at risk. It has also been linked to a disease known as Guillain-Barre syndrome, which can cause paralysis and even death. Those of us who live in Northern States—this kind of mosquito, for ex-ample, is found only in the very south-ern tip of Maine—should take no com-fort from that fact. The CDC has docu-mented cases of the Zika virus in vir-tually every State in the Union, and that is because disease knows no boundaries in this world of inter-national travel. In addition, the CDC has documented approximately 1,000 cases of Zika. It is an epidemic in Puer-to Rico, where there are more than 475 documented cases—a true crisis for that U.S. territory. From my perspective, we have to act. We have to act quickly. The Blunt- Murray compromise bill deserves the emergency designation which is at-tached to it. Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of appli-cable budget regulations, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the Blunt-Murray amendment No. 3900, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I be-lieve we are going to have that vote a little bit later. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4039 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, last night I was off the floor when Senator M
CCAINof Arizona offered an amend-ment regarding the Veterans Choice bill. Before the decision is made, I wish to memorialize my support for the McCain amendment. As chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, we waived jurisdiction so it could be offered on the VA compo-nent of this bill. I wish to add one further comment. The cost associated with extending the eligibility of Veterans Choice by 3 years, which is the McCain amend-ment, scores at a cost. But to recognize that cost, you have to assume we would not have treated an eligible veteran under any other program if Choice ex-pired. We are never going to abandon our veterans. We have a commitment to the veterans for the health care they have signed up for. What Senator MCCAINis doing is try-ing to improve access to health care and to maintain access through the choice of a private sector provider or through a VA provider. There is no ad-ditional cost, unless you assume that you want to take away a benefit that we gave 2 years ago in the omnibus that we passed. I commend Senator M
CCAINfor ex-tending the eligibility for Choice for 3 more years. I will support the amend-ment when it comes before the Senate, and I encourage all other Members to do the same. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to each vote in relation to H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS MODIFIED  
Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question occurs on agreeing to the motion to waive. The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: The Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 70, nays 28, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 76 Leg.] YEAS—70 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NAYS—28 
Barrasso Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Heller Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee Moran Paul Perdue Risch Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 70, the nays are 28. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to and the point of order falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3946 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 3946, offered by the Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS . Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on this amendment, I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 3946) was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS MODIFIED , AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 3900, of-fered by the majority leader for Mr. B
LUNT and Mrs. M URRAY . The Senator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, we have looked at the proposal. I think we have reached an agreement on the proposal that takes this issue up through Sep-tember of next year. I think now is the time to move forward. I urge my colleagues to vote for the amendment, and at that point we will work with the House for a final conclu-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am disappointed that Republicans refused to work with us to fully fund the Presi-dent’s emergency supplemental pro-posal, and it shouldn’t have taken us so long to get to this point, but I am pleased that this will move us to a down payment on the President’s emer-gency funding package through the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.007 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3008 May 19, 2016 
I want to commend Chairman B LUNT  for his work with us on this and all the Democrats and Republicans who are supporting it. But I want to remind all of us, this is only a first step, and we have to make sure that this agreement gets through the House and to the President’s desk in the least amount of time. I hope we can separate it from this bill and move it quickly. That was ob-jected to yesterday over pay-fors, which are not part of this amendment, but this is a critical emergency. We need to move on this first step, and I hope we can do it in a timely manner. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. VITTER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 68, nays 30, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 77 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—30 
Barrasso Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Heller Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The amendment (No. 3900), as modi-fied, as amended, was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the cloture vote on the Collins amendment No. 3896, Senator ENZIor his designee be recognized to make a budget point of order against McCain amendment No. 4039; further, that Senator M
CCAIN be recognized to make a motion to waive the point of order and that the Senate immediately vote on the mo-tion to waive. I further ask that the votes in this series be 10 minutes in length, strictly enforced. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3896, AS AMENDED  
There is 2 minutes of debate prior to the cloture vote. Who yields time? Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of the time on this side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the time yielded back by the minority? Mr. REID. Mr. President, I yield the remainder of the time on this side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate Amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Bill Cassidy, Roger F. Wicker, Johnny Isak-son, Marco Rubio, Mark Kirk, Lindsey Graham, Chuck Grassley, Jerry Moran, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 3896, offered by the Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS , as amended, to H.R. 2577, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 88, nays 10, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 78 Leg.] YEAS—88 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—10 
Cotton Crapo Daines Flake Lankford Lee Paul Perdue Risch Toomey 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 88, the nays are 10. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3898 AND 3899 , AS MODIFIED , 
WITHDRAWN  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, amendments Nos. 3898 and 3899 are withdrawn. The Senator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4039 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank Senator M
CCAINfor his tremendous ef-fort on behalf of veterans and the dif-ferent approaches he has used. I don’t think anybody has worked harder on it or understands it better. I wish there were more we could do for veterans and will work with him to see that that happens, but this amend-ment isn’t the right place to do it. This amendment proposes that we increase overspending by $7.7 billion for a con-tinuation of the Veterans Choice Pro-gram. It doesn’t offer badly needed re-forms to the program, it simply pro-vides more funding. Unfortunately, the accountability measures currently in place at the VA do not go far enough in ensuring that the health care needs of our veterans are the priority. By extending the Choice Program, we would be extend-ing problematic waiting periods, we would be extending a backlog of health care claims, and we would be giving lit-tle or no authority to the VA to man-age its employees. We have been getting complaints about many of these things, and an-other veterans proposal in the Senate improves both health care access for veterans and expanded disciplinary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.010 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3009 May 19, 2016 
measures at the VA. Senator M CCAIN has worked on that as well. At the same time, it provides offsets to ensure that we continue to help our veterans in the future. I have been concerned about what I thought was $6 billion of emergency ex-pense every year. I had them actually total that up in the committee and found out that we do $26.1 billion a year in emergency spending. We are going to have to find that money some-where because if we don’t provide off-sets, we will not be able to help our veterans or our military or our edu-cation or anything else. Continued spending without making responsible choices for priorities will put us in a real hole. In order to make sure we are spend-ing on our priorities, such as national defense and our veterans, and that they are not crowded out, I raise a point of order. Mr. President, pursuant to section 314(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I raise a point of order against the emergency designation found on page 3, lines 7 through 12, of amend-ment No. 4039 to H.R. 2577, the Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I note with some interest that the Senator from Wyoming did not have the same zeal for the $1.1 billion that we just passed in emergency spending for Zika that is not paid for, but the important issue is, that this is a program for 1.4 million appointments for veterans who would otherwise wait for delayed care, over 2.5 million separate payments to doctors, 450,000 Choice health care pro-viders—the list goes on and on. All I am asking for is an extension of a program that is in effect and helping our veterans. The fact is, the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee said last night: What Senator M
CCAIN is trying to do to improve access to health care is maintain the access through the choice of a private sector provider or VA provider. There is no additional cost unless you assume that you want to take away a benefit that was given 2 years ago in the omnibus bill we passed. He goes on to say he would support this amendment. Who is taking advantage? The major-ity of the people who are taking advan-tage of this Choice Card, I will tell the Senator from Wyoming, are the young men and women who are just returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. We are giv-ing them a choice. We are giving them a choice to be able to get the care they need and deserve. In my home State of Arizona, 50 vet-erans died while on a nonexistent wait-ing list—50 of them. That is why we have a Choice Card, so they can go out and get the care they need and want and not be on a nonexistent waiting list. I don’t know what the priorities are of the Senator from Wyoming, but I can tell him now, they are not mine, and they are not of the men and women who are serving this Nation who de-serve the best care and the choice of going to the provider that they want to within certain parameters. This is simply an extension of a pro-gram that is in existence that cares for our men and women who served our Nation with sacrifice, and some of them didn’t even come back to have a chance to have a Choice Card. Mr. President, I ask to waive the budget point of order. Pursuant to section 904 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, and the waiver provisions of applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all appli-cable sections of that act and applica-ble budget resolutions for the purposes of my amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 84, nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 79 Leg.] YEAS—84 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—14 
Barrasso Coats Corker Cornyn Durbin Enzi Lankford Lee Murkowski Paul Perdue Sessions Shelby Sullivan 
NOT VOTING—2 
Cruz Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 84, the nays are 14. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to, and the point of order falls. The majority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time until 1:45 p.m. be equally divided be-tween the two managers or their des-ignees and that at 1:45 p.m. the Senate vote in relation to the Collins amend-ment No. 3970 and the Lee amendment No. 3897; further, that following dis-position of the Lee amendment, all postcloture time be expired; that the substitute amendment, as amended, be adopted; that the cloture motion on the underlying bill be withdrawn, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I wish to speak to the issue that was just brought up dealing with veterans fund-ing and specifically the Choice Pro-gram. Three years ago, Congress put into place a response to what was happening in VA centers all over the country. We were all appalled with what was hap-pening at VA centers all over the coun-try. But for any of us who are in con-gressional offices, we were aware, were pushing on this issue, and had pushed on this issue for a while. But the media exposed what we all saw, and that was long-secret waiting lists for veterans so that the VA cen-ters could keep their positive numbers up and look better—months of waiting for things that would take days across the street. As I dealt with the VA center in my own city, at times it would take 6 months to get a knee replacement sur-gery at the VA center, when at the great hospital directly across the street, they could get that same sur-gery within 2 days. As to hearing aids, it would take months and months to actually go through the process and to get them at our VA centers. As to cancer care, if you were diag-nosed with cancer and had needs and treatment that was going to be re-quired, they would literally send you across the country, sometimes more than 2,000 miles away, to actually get cancer treatment—away from your family. Congress responded to that by put-ting into place the Choice Act. It was an emergency. There were major prob-lems that were happening around the country in multiple VA centers, and there had to be a response right then. Congress set aside emergency funding and an emergency response to make sure something came into existence that only loosely existed before. What was called community care was now clarified to say that this is Choice, and it was simple. If a veteran had to wait 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.014 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3010 May 19, 2016 
more than 30 days to get into an ap-pointment or get treatment or if they lived more than 40 miles from a VA center, they would be given the option to go wherever they wanted to go. VA was required to start working relation-ships in every community across the country so that veterans would have the option to go wherever they wanted to go. I would acknowledge that program is in its infancy. It is 2 years old at this point. It has a ways to go to be per-fected. There are still problems with it, and there is a constant push from Con-gress to provide accountability to make sure that program is done and done well. That should be the first step in giving veterans real choice. The first step of that is 30 days or 40 miles. The second step of that is any VA-eligible veteran would get a card and they could go to anyplace that accepts Medicare. If they accept Medicare any-where in the country—any lab, any hospital, any doctor—they should also be able to receive veterans as well. So veterans can go wherever they choose to go regardless of the distance. I have veterans who drive past six great hospitals, drive 200 miles to get to a VA center, and their families have the burden of all of that travel. It should not be that way. Veterans should be able to go wherever they choose to go for care. So the Choice Program is not only a good program, it is the right direction to go and it is a positive first step. But here is the problem: The way this par-ticular amendment has come up, it is not only not germane to this bill be-cause it deals with something that started 3 years ago and we are dealing with a new bill right now, but it is also an issue of, we are doing the right thing the wrong way. My staff has heard me say this over and over again: There is a right thing to do and there is a right way to do it. Three years ago, we knew this was an issue. Three years ago, the planning should have been put in place to put this into the normal appropriations process. This process puts it into place, so we are adding $7.5 billion onto our children for a program that should be in the normal appropriations process that was started 3 years ago and that is not an emergency anymore. This is not an emergency. This is now normal funding of a program we want to keep going and expand. So there is a big issue here we do have to resolve. I want to see us do the Choice Pro-gram and do it right, but there is a right thing to do and a right way to do it. This program is already fully funded through the next year. It is not an emergency. It is in place, funded, and ready to go. It doesn’t go away in the next year, all the way through the fis-cal year. Let’s put it in the normal process, let’s do it the right way, and let’s not add $7 billion to our children for an emergency that is actually a year away. No one is going to convince me that in a $4 trillion budget, there are not areas we could cut. Earlier this week I identified $86 billion in funds that are available to cover the $1 bil-lion for Zika that this Congress decided to do in emergency funding anyway. We have the funds available. We can honor our veterans. We can do this and also honor our children. At the same time we are honoring our vet-erans, let’s honor the next generation and make sure we are not adding debt to the next generation. With that, Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the McCain amend-ment No. 4039 is not germane to the Collins amendment No. 3896, as amend-ed, or H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support my VA spending bill to final passage. It is a very bipar-tisan bill. I also would like to thank my rank-ing Democratic member, Senator J
ON T
ESTER of Montana, who has been a great partner. We have worked with all Senators on both sides of the aisle to include their priorities and have worked through dozens of amendments. We include more than two dozen amendments in this bill. The bill provides record funding for our veterans’ health care, protects whistleblowers, includes opioid safety, and also has the RAID Act to clean up the VA so that cockroaches are not in the VA kitchens and dining facilities. This bill also adds 100 staff to the IG’s office and combats veteran homeless-ness. It requires better screening of VA doctors so they can’t switch from State to State. The bill also increases med-ical research and adds money for health care for our veterans. I thank the subcommittee staff for doing outstanding work this year, and that includes Tina Evans, Chad Schulken, Michael Bain, Robert Henke, D’Ann Lettieri, Patrick Magnuson, and Carlos Elias. The bottom line: This bill does right by our troops and does right by our veterans. I thank my Senate colleagues and urge its rapid adoption. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I wish to voice my full support for the fiscal year 2017 Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies appropriations bill which in-cludes the fiscal year 2017 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies appropriations bill. Each of these bills was passed out of the Senate Appropriations Committee by a vote of 30–0 last month. I urge all my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan package of bills. I commend Senators COLLINS and R
EED for their hard work on the T– HUD bill and their collegiality on the floor this week managing this bill. T– HUD is our annual jobs bill making in-vestments at the State and local level, delivering on America’s physical infra-structure needs and America’s compel-ling human needs. The bill before us will keep our roads and transportation systems safe and in good repair while preserving housing assistance for our Nation’s most in need. I am especially proud of Senators C
OLLINS and R EEDfor making renewed investments in lead paint poison pre-vention. As the Maryland Senator from Baltimore, this is an issue I know all too well. Senator Kit Bond and I worked together on the VA–HUD bill to first bring attention to this crippling public health problem. April 19 marked the anniversary of Freddie Gray’s death, a young man who grew up in Baltimore’s low-income housing. Be-fore Freddie’s second birthday, his blood lead levels were seven times the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention’s suggested level, leaving Freddie severely and permanently brain damaged. Today there are still half a million children under the age of 6 with lead poisoning. This bill increases lead prevention funding in three programs. First, the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes is funded at $135 mil-lion, an increase of $25 million to sup-port lead-based paint hazard reductions in 1,750 additional units. This program provides safer homes for more than 6,200 people. Second, the Mikulski- Bond Lead Hazard Reduction Demo Program is funded at $55 million, an in-crease of $10 million. This program pro-vides competitive funds to State and local governments to implement lead hazardous reduction programs in pri-vately owned and owner-occupied hous-ing. Third, the Public Housing Capital Fund is funded at $1.9 billion, an in-crease of $25 million. This will reme-diate 1,500 public housing units. This bill also includes a number of reforms to HUD’s lead programs. Among these is the requirement for HUD to update its blood level standard to the stronger Centers for Disease Control and Prevention standard. HUD’s standard hasn’t been updated since 1999. In addition, the bill makes studio and efficiency apartments eligi-ble for remediation grants for the first time. It is estimated that 34,000 zero- bedroom dwellings house children under 6 years old. The transportation portion of this bill makes significant investments in Maryland’s highways, byways, and transit systems. It cuts the first check under the FAST Act passed last De-cember. This means more formula funding for every State. For Maryland, that is an increase of $62 million. For transit, this bill provides in-creased funding for the Federal Transit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.016 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3011 May 19, 2016 
Administration totaling $575 million. It includes the Job Corridor-Purple Line project in the Washington suburbs of Maryland. A total of $125 million is provided for the construction of this light rail project. For the DC Metro system, this bill provides the eighth installment of $150 million in Federal dedicated funding. This is the fully authorized level and will be matched dollar for dollar by the three jurisdictions. Fighting for this annual appropriation was the promise I made and have kept since the deadly Fort Totten crash in June 2009. This funding must be used on capital im-provements relating to safety includ-ing buying new rail cars, track im-provements, and signal upgrades. I included bill language requiring the U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary to do three things before this funding money can be spent. First, the Secretary must approve each expendi-ture. Second, the Secretary must cer-tify Metro is making progress imple-menting FTA’s safety and financial management corrective actions. Third, the Secretary must determine that Metro is using this money for top safe-ty priorities. In addition to this dedicated funding, I am proud of the safety amendment I introduced with Senators S
HELBY , C
ARDIN , W ARNER , KAINE, and B ROWN  that was passed earlier in the week. This amendment provides additional funding to FTA to expand its safety oversight workforce for a total in-crease of $5.25 million over the current year funding level. It will enable FTA to hire six full-time employees for Met-ro’s Rail Operations Control Center, four more investigators, seven addi-tional inspectors, and six more con-tractors. This additional funding means FTA will now have more inspectors to watch as Metro crews work to complete SafeTrack, the yearlong plan to accel-erate repairs on the system. Inspectors will be there to make sure the track work is fixed the right way for good. FTA also will have safety staff at the Rail Operations Control Center 24 hours a day and 7 days a week making sure emergency procedures are fol-lowed to prevent future incidents. FTA staff will help Metro implement the National Transportation Safety Board’s recent recommendations to overhaul the center’s emergency oper-ations and training. FTA staff will make sure these reforms remain in place and are followed. Finally, more investigators will help FTA tackle ap-proximately 100 Metro investigations conducted each year. I also want to say a few words about the Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs appropriations bill. This is another bipartisan bill funding vital programs for the health and well-being of our Nation’s veterans, troops, and their families developed by Senators K
IRKand T ESTER . Overall, this bill pro-vides $83 billion in discretionary fund-ing which is an increase of $3.2 billion above the current year funding level. This bill fully funds VA Medical Services at the President’s request of $52.8 billion. This is $1 billion over what we advanced last year to address increased demand for VA medical care both within and outside the VA health care system. The bill provides additional funding for disability claims processing. Sig-nificant progress has been made to eliminate the backlog in processing initial claims, but unfortunately, the backlog in appeals is rapidly building. This bill includes $2.9 billion for claims processing, $30 million above the re-quest, to hire 300 new claims processors and 240 additional employees for the Board of Veterans Appeals. Also in-cluded is an increase of $46 million for the Board of Veterans Appeals, bring-ing their total funding to $156 million. This will provide for hiring an addi-tional 240 new employees focused on appeals processing. For our women veterans, this bill makes significant strides bring parity between male and female veterans. This bill mandates that the VA re-search and acquire prosthetic devices specifically designed for women. It in-cludes $5.3 billion overall to treat more than 500,000 female veterans who get care through the VA. This bill targets $535 million for gender-specific health care which is $20 million over the re-quest and nearly $70 million over the current funding level. This includes gynecology, reproductive health, and mental health care for women. I also was proud to support Senator MUR-
RAY’s amendment in committee, allow-ing the VA to cover the cost of repro-ductive services for veterans who suf-fered service-related injuries that pre-vent them from starting families. The military construction part of this bill fully funds all seven Maryland projects included in the President’s budget request. This means a total of $340 million for construction jobs at Fort Meade, Pax River, Joint Base An-drews, and Bethesda Medical Center. Finally, the bill includes $1.1 billion in emergency spending to combat the urgent Zika crisis. CDC, NIH, and USAID need this funding on the ground today. $1.1 billion is a bottom line, not a starting point for negotiation. I am committed to sending a Zika supple-mental to the President as soon as pos-sible. I urge all of my colleagues to support this package of bills. It meets many compelling human needs and physical infrastructure needs of our nation and does not include poison pill riders. It is an example of how, working together, we can solve problems and put America to work. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President. I rise to speak in support of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs divi-sion of the substitute before us. I com-mend Chairman K
IRK and Ranking Member T
ESTER for their leadership in crafting the fiscal year 2017 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs funding bill. As a member of the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittee, I have appreciated their steady, strong advocacy for our Nation’s veterans, servicemembers, and their families. As the daughter of a World War II veteran, I know well the sacrifices of those who serve and have served on our behalf, as well as the sacrifices made by their families. The vital programs and benefits funded by this bill will help fulfill our obligations to them and honor their commitment to our Na-tion. While we can never fully repay these debts, we must strive to provide each veteran with the quality health care that they deserve. One way this bill helps to meet this goal is through the extension it would provide of the high-ly successful Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program. This pilot program, which is scheduled to expire in August, serves rural veterans in northern Maine, Montana, Kansas, Vir-ginia, and Arizona, providing them ac-cess to high quality care in their com-munities and near their families. Many of my constituents tell me that this program has proven to be a lifeline for them and has saved them the ardu-ous burden of traveling up to 600 miles round trip to receive care at the Togus VA Medical Center in Augusta, ME. In Maine, the program not only re-duces wait times for appointments and prevents veterans from going through a third-party administrator to receive care, but it is cost effective. According to the VA’s own statistics, the average cost of ARCH per veteran in Maine is less than half the average cost for VHA direct care. More than 90 percent of ARCH veterans are overwhelmingly satisfied with their care, a testament to why ARCH should be a model for the Nation. Ensuring that veterans continue to receive this seamless care is para-mount, and I thank Chairman KIRKand Ranking Member T
ESTER for including an extension of this vital program in the fiscal year 2017 funding legislation. I am also pleased that this legisla-tion would fund the President’s fiscal year 2017 request for VA medical leases, including funding to lease a new Community Based Outpatient Clinic— CBOC—facility in Portland, ME. This project would allow VA to consolidate and colocate the Saco and Portland CBOCs with Maine Medical Center and its affiliate, the Tufts University School of Medicine. This collaboration will provide primary care, mental health, women’s health, and specialty care medical services for veterans. This legislation would also help to address the opioid epidemic by requir-ing the Department to improve appro-priate pain care for veterans. It also in-cludes programs to help end veteran homelessness, expand care services fo-cused on our growing population of fe-male veterans, and support caregivers, who shoulder the enormous responsi-bility of caring for veterans who are unable to care for themselves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.023 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3012 May 19, 2016 
Finally, I want to highlight the fund-ing included in this legislation for our Nation’s civilian and military mem-bers—and their families—who serve at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME. The legislation includes $74.9 million for housing, the replace-ment of the medical and dental clinic, and utility nuclear improvements. These projects will help provide the ex-ceptional personnel at PNSY with the facilities they need and deserve to carry out the mission. Again, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their excellent work in balancing the priorities within their bill, and I urge my colleagues to advance this important legislation. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, uni-versal, safe, and consistent trucking regulations are vital to all aspects of the trucking industry and to all users of the national highway system. Ensur-ing highway safety must remain a pri-ority of this body. It also remains crit-ical that this body maintain predict-able safety laws to sustain efficient outcomes for truckers, trucking com-panies, the manufacturers and growers of the goods that trucks transport, and the customers who buy the products. Congress determined years ago that a uniform system of Federal trucking rules would lead to safer and more pro-ductive outcomes than a 50-State patchwork of trucking regulations, as goods are often transported across State lines. Despite Congress’s inten-tions, we are seeing various State trucking rules being implemented across the country that stray from the Federal guidelines. We need to figure out how to address this. We need to make sure that we have commonsense rules that don’t change every time a driver crosses a State line while con-tinuing to protect truck drivers and road users from unsafe situations. I think we have got a little more work to do before we are ready for a so-lution, but I pledge to work with all who are willing and maybe we can fig-ure something out in the coming months. Thank you. 
MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I join today with my good friend, Senator H
IRONO , to address the requirement for full authorized funding of the Maritime Security Program. Senator H
IRONO and I serve together on the Seapower Sub-committee and firmly believe that this program is important to our national security. The United States needs a U.S.-flag merchant marine that is strong, active, competitive, and useful to the mili-tary. Our merchant marine has a long history of providing sealift support to our Armed Forces for global military operations. The Maritime Security Program is a unique public-private partnership that helps the merchant marine, enhancing America’s commer-cial sealift capability while saving the American taxpayer billions of dollars. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, as rank-ing member of the Seapower Sub-committee, I could not agree more with the Senator from Mississippi’s views concerning the importance of the MSP program. The 60-ship MSP pro-gram is the most prudent and economi-cal means to address the U.S. mili-tary’s current and projected sealift re-quirements. A 2006 report prepared for the Military Sealift Committee of the National Defense Transportation Asso-ciation concluded that ‘‘the likely cost to the government to replicate just the vessel capacity provided by the MSP dry cargo vessels would be $13 billion.’’ In addition, the U.S. Transportation Command, TransCom, has estimated that it would cost the U.S. Government an additional $52 billion to replicate the ‘‘global intermodal system’’ that is made available to the Department of Defense, DOD, by MSP participants. In contrast, MSP participants now pro-vide DOD with the same vessels and global intermodal system at a fraction of what it would cost our government to do the job itself. Mr. WICKER. The Senate version of the Transportation-HUD Appropria-tions Bill for fiscal year 2017 includes $275 million for the Maritime Security Program. This is an increase of $65 mil-lion above the enacted level for fiscal year 2016. Although we are pleased that the Senate Appropriations Committee has recommended this increase in fund-ing, we hasten to point out that Con-gress acted last December to increase the authorization level for the Mari-time Security Program to $299,997,000 for fiscal year 2017. The House Appro-priations Committee has recommended funding for the next fiscal year that would meet this authorization. As this appropriations bill works its way through Congress, we urge the chairs and ranking members of the Transportation-HUD Appropriations Subcommittees and the full Appropria-tions Committee to work in a bipar-tisan, bicameral fashion to provide funding for the Maritime Security Pro-gram at its fully authorized level of $299,997,000 for fiscal year 2017. Ms. HIRONO. I strongly agree with Senator WICKER . Despite the clear ben-efits the MSP program provides, the MSP commercial fleet is under ex-treme economic pressure from reduc-tions in government-impelled cargoes and foreign competitive factors. I com-pletely share the concerns expressed by the then-TransCom commander, GEN Paul Selva, in his March 2015 testi-mony before the Armed Services Com-mittee, where he stated that the ‘‘re-duction in government impelled car-goes due to the drawdown in Afghani-stan and reductions in food aid . . .are driving vessel owners to reflag to non- U.S.-flag out of economic necessity . . .With the recent vessel reductions, the mariner base is at the point where fu-ture reductions in U.S.-flag capacity puts our ability to fully activate, de-ploy and sustain forces at increased risk.’’ Accordingly, to ensure that this es-sential U.S. commercial sealift capa-bility provided by the MSP program re-mains available to meet America’s na-tional security requirements, the MSP program needs to be fully funded as au-thorized by the Congress. Mr. WICKER. I would like to add a comment from the current TransCom commander, GEN Darren McDew. In January, General McDew said, ‘‘As a military professional and senior leader, I think about and plan for what the fu-ture may hold, and I would tell you we must prepare for the real possibility we will not enjoy the uncontested seas and broad international support experi-enced in 1991. If either of those possi-bilities becomes reality, and if we re-main committed to responding to secu-rity incidents around the globe, the only way of guaranteeing we decisively meet our national objectives is with U.S. ships operated by U.S. mariners.’’ I thank Senator HIRONO for joining me in this effort to ensure that full funding is secured for the Maritime Se-curity Program in fiscal year 2017. Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
U.S. INNOVATION AND COMPETITIVENESS  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the need to drive inno-vation and competitiveness here in the United States. I vividly remember watching the Apollo missions on TV and the launch of that 36-story tall Saturn V rocket that took Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin to the surface of the Moon. The space program not only inspired a generation of Americans, but it also led to incredible advances in science and technology that over the last 50 years have accounted for as much as half of all the economic growth in the United States. These groundbreaking advances firmly established our Nation as an international leader in innova-tion. During the height of the space race, America’s Federal investment in re-search and development reached nearly 2 percent of the Nation’s GDP. Today, overall Federal R&D spending—the seed corn of our future prosperity—has fallen to a historic low of 0.78 percent of GDP. With the United States investing less on science, research, and education, and our competitors outpacing us, we are losing our footing in the global marketplace. Congress must increase the Federal investment in R&D to 1 percent of GDP if we want to continue to be leading the world in innovation. This commitment should include a focus on increased Federal support for basic research—an essential component of any kind of innovation economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.008 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3013 May 19, 2016 
In addition to increased investment, we in Congress need to implement pol-icy solutions that will reassert Amer-ican leadership internationally. We need to invest in what works. We need to listen to the innovators, academic leaders, and industries that are making the life-changing inventions of the fu-ture a reality. To that end, my col-league Senator C
ORY GARDNER and I have convened a series of roundtable discussions on ways to improve the American innovation system. Just last week, our Commerce Committee lead-ers, Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking Member N
ELSON , held a productive hearing on ways to leverage the U.S. science and technology enterprise. After receiving input from industry, academia, science organizations, and economic development organizations, Senators T
HUNE , N ELSON , G ARDNER , and I are working to develop new legis-lation to guide our Nation’s research priorities in the coming years and to improve America’s innovation system. Through these roundtables, we heard that the stakeholder community agrees that modest, sustained, and pre-dictable increases in Federal research and development investments are abso-lutely critical to ensuring the eco-nomic competitiveness of the United States. We need continued Federal invest-ment in basic research, while also pro-viding opportunities to commercialize that research. There is basic research that our companies simply cannot af-ford to conduct, making Federal in-vestment absolutely critical. We also need to work to reduce administrative burdens on researchers so that we can maximize our Federal research invest-ment. We need that investment to be put into the lab and not filling out more paperwork. We need stronger partnerships between government, the private sector, and academia in order to capitalize on discoveries emerging from our world-class research univer-sities, such as the University of Michi-gan, Wayne State University, and Michigan State University. We must also close the significant employment gap in the STEM work-force for women and underrepresented minorities. Women make up less than 50 percent of post-bachelor STEM de-gree programs and only about one- quarter of the STEM workforce. Under-represented minorities, including His-panics and African Americans, make up about 10 percent of the science and engineering workforce. Last month, I joined a number of my colleagues in in-troducing the STEM Opportunities Act, legislation that would improve in-clusion of women, minorities, and peo-ple with disabilities in STEM careers. It is a top priority for me to see that a similar provision is included in our bi-partisan legislation. Finally, if we want to continue to be a leader in the global economy, we need to be a nation that makes things. Michigan is a State that builds and grows things, and I will continue to fight to make sure we continue doing that. Investments in advanced manu-facturing will support firms of all sizes and support good-paying jobs and help keep them here in the United States. That is why it is one of my top prior-ities for this legislation that we ensure American manufacturing companies can compete and succeed in the highly competitive global marketplace. Last month, I joined my colleagues, Senators COONS and A YOTTE , to intro-duce the bipartisan Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership Improvement Act. The Manufacturing Extension Pro-gram, or MEP, is a Federal public-pri-vate partnership that helps businesses get their products to market through a variety of consulting services. The MEP Improvement Act would expand and improve the MEP Program to serve small- and medium-sized manufac-turing companies, which are a critical part of our economy and our national competitiveness. Including key compo-nents of the MEP Improvement Act will be a top priority for me in the new legislation being drafted. Science and technology are insepa-rable from the American competitive-ness ecosystem. However, we need to focus on the entire ecosystem—from STEM, or STEAM, to basic research, to application and commercialization— and the inspiration that drives ambi-tious endeavors like exploring space and the other frontiers of science. We in Congress must do our part by sup-porting and investing in our efforts to drive economic growth, unleash in-creased productivity, enhance our safe-ty and security, and make the world a better place for future generations. We are facing big challenges as a Na-tion, but I am committed to working with everyone—Democrats, Repub-licans, industry, academia, workers, students, and employers—to increase investments and implement the solu-tions that will ensure American com-petitiveness and create more good-pay-ing jobs here in the United States. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, if there is one specialty that every Member of Congress has, it is air travel. We spend more time on airplanes, more time in airports, more time waiting for flights and worrying about flights than most other Americans. As Members of Congress, we are vet-erans of air travel. We have all seen the footage of peo-ple waiting to go through security screening at major airports, particu-larly in the city of Chicago at both O’Hare and Midway. The lines are so long that people have had to wait 2 to 3 hours—2 to 3 hours to go through a security checkpoint. People are angry, and I don’t blame them. Thousands of people have missed their flights, and some were stuck sleeping in airports overnight. The commissioner of aviation, Ginger Evans, told me: We pulled out the cots that we save for snow emergencies so that people now, in the heat of early summer, are facing the same kinds of delays. Our highest priority is to protect those who travel on our airplanes. Poor planning and inadequate funding have led to alarming delays across airports in America, and in Chicago we have felt it more than most. More needs to be done to fix the problem. That is what I have been working to do. Earlier this week, I talked to the De-partment of Homeland Security Sec-retary Jeh Johnson on the phone about the next steps. Yesterday, I followed up with a call to TSA Administrator Peter Neffenger to hear his thoughts. We all agree that the real problem is the shortage of TSA screeners. More people need to be hired and trained so security lines can stay open and people can move through the checkpoints faster. In the meantime, there are imme-diate steps we need to take in Chicago. First, we are going to get 58 more TSA screening officers in the next 2 weeks and 224 by August. That is about a 15- percent increase in TSA staff, and it is a good start. O’Hare will also receive 5 K–9 teams. That will double the number of K–9s we have at the airport. Two teams were brought in yesterday, and the rest will arrive within 5 days. These bomb-sniff-ing dogs do important work. They check carry-on baggage. If there is no problem, the passengers can move out of the standard line and into the expe-dited line. These dogs can help us speed up the process by allowing up to 5,000 additional passengers a day to move through the faster security lines. There will also be a shift of 100 TSA staff from part-time to full-time status so more people can be on deck to help with the lines. And officers who cur-rently work on nondirect security functions are going to be called to pitch in and help officers at the check-points. We are also working to get more peo-ple enrolled in TSA PreCheck. I can’t emphasize enough how important that is. For $85, a regular traveler can buy— or at least apply for and be given—a TSA PreCheck status for 5 years. PreCheck lines can scan nearly twice as fast as the ordinary lines. Customers don’t have to wait as long or remove their shoes, belts, or light jackets. We need to make sure more people are hearing about this option and are sign-ing up for it as quickly as possible. TSA is now working on a mobile app to help people get enrolled while they are waiting in lines, and they are also looking at lowering PreCheck signup costs by competing out the actual function of signing up for PreCheck. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.017 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3014 May 19, 2016 
PreCheck has gotten a lot of traction, especially in Chicago, where this past month alone we have seen 5,700 new en-rollments. I hope we can continue to quickly expand this program to help more people into the faster lines. The airlines have to be part of the so-lution as well. I am glad Senator B
LUMENTHAL of Connecticut is on the floor because both he and Senator M
ARKEY of Massachusetts spoke out early on this aspect that I am about to address. Airlines can help us by reducing high wait times, especially during the peak summer season. I have joined my col-leagues Senator B
LUMENTHAL and Sen-ator M
ARKEY in urging the airlines to suspend the checked bag fees over the summer. A lot of people are dragging their bags on the airplanes because they don’t want to pay to have them checked. On Monday, I spoke with Sec-retary Johnson, who told me baggage fees are contributing to long lines be-cause more people are carrying on lug-gage that should be carefully screened through check-in. Over the last year, the volume of pas-sengers and personnel passing through security checkpoints has increased 7 percent while the number of checked bags has increased only 3 percent. That tells the story: More people are car-rying on their luggage and causing problems as more travelers pack their roller bags to the brim, making the bags take even longer to be scanned. Waiving the checked baggage fee dur-ing the summer travel season can re-duce the incentive for passengers to carry-on luggage, and it can help speed up the process. Let me also add that it is in this bag-gage that people are dragging onboard that TSA screeners are finding things that aren’t supposed to be on an air-plane. Last year, they found 2,653 fire-arms, and 83 percent of them were load-ed. Most of them were from one State; I will not name it. But by and large, we have to be more mindful of the fact that this stops the process or at least slows it down. I am convening a meeting with Ad-ministrator Neffenger tomorrow, along with State and local officials and air-lines at Chicago O’Hare, and then we are also going to be visiting the Mid-way airport. We will see firsthand what airlines are experiencing and what their response is. We have to stop this meltdown when it comes to airport se-curity. Let me close by saying this: The news today about EgyptAir was a grim reminder that we still live in a very dangerous world. The role and respon-sibility of the Transportation Security Agency is to make sure that when we and our families travel, we come off those planes just as safely as we went on. It is an important security respon-sibility. Yes, it is an irritation and a frustration, but we need to do it in this dangerous world to make sure that we stop people from using their carry-on baggage and other sources to cause harm to innocent people. I stand behind TSA and its mission, but what happened in Chicago is unac-ceptable. This meltdown should have been avoided. There should have been better management, more screeners, and we should have been ready for the surge in passengers. Beginning this week, we are going to make that right. I hope the visit by the TSA Adminis-trator tomorrow will be the beginning of a conversation that will not only help our airports in Chicago but also help our Nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I thank my colleague and friend from Il-linois for his leadership on this issue and his support for the initiative that Senator M
ARKEY and I first raised, which he has supported so very help-fully, and essentially that is to per-suade the airlines to stop charging for bags that are checked onto planes as opposed to being carried on. Obviously, the fee for checking those bags adds to the number of carry-ons and provides an incentive for larger numbers of carry-ons. In fact, TSA itself reports that there has been an increase in carry-ons due to these fees. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that I be permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I thank the Pre-siding Officer. The elimination of the fees for checked bags is not a panacea. It is not going to solve this problem alone. But it will, along with other measures, help reduce lines that result from screening. I commend Admiral Neffenger for his very close and prompt attention to this matter and for a number of the initia-tives he has taken. We heard about them in the Commerce Committee this morning. I also thank Secretary John-son for supporting elimination of the fees for checked bags. I think his lead-ership will be important. There are a number of other initia-tives that can and should be taken. There is automated equipment that can expedite the screening of those carry-on bags. The use of additional screeners is important. The number has been reduced over the last 3 years by about 5,800. The addition of another close to 800 will help compensate. But again, alone, none of these solutions will provide the answer. As far as the automated equipment is concerned, the cost for the 20 busiest airports is about $30 million—a pit-tance compared to the $3.8 billion in revenue the airlines make every year as a result of the fees for checked bag-gage. I will repeat that: $3.8 billion is going to airlines as a result of their purposefully charging for bags checked instead of carried on. Many of those bags that go through screening now wind up in the holds of those airplanes anyway because there isn’t room for them on the plane, so they wind up being checked at the gate. That simply adds to the cost and inconvenience of passengers: delayed flights, missed flights, flights that are in effect late because of the boarding problems. All of these accumulating issues are rea-sons to eliminate these fees and also give passengers the benefit of lower costs. My hope is that the airlines will vol-untarily eliminate these fees for checked bags. After the meeting we had today with Admiral Neffenger, I am encouraged that the TSA will take initiative and help to implement other measures as well. In the meantime, we need the air-lines to show some leadership as well, and I am hopeful they will do the right thing. The U.S. Travel Association has called it a national crisis. The evidence is irrefutable. At checkpoints that have no fee charges for bags, the carry- ons are 27 percent lower, so the num-bers of carry-ons definitely diminish as the fees are eliminated. This evidence is irrefutable and argues powerfully that the airlines should not keep their passengers waiting in line. They should make some sacrifice to their bottom line and should not be profiting at the expense of their passengers. I will conclude by saying on this point—and I am so glad to see my col-league and friend from Massachusetts— that we need this initiative now, and we need it to happen. I also want to advocate on behalf of the safety of our roads. Blumenthal amendment No. 4002 will not be called up in part because it had been willfully mischaracterized by an industry cam-paign. In effect, we need to make truck drivers more safely empowered on the roads to take steps to protect them-selves. Drivers who spend too much time behind the wheel are tired. They can’t drive as safely. This amendment would enable them to drive more safe-ly, give them the rest they need, pro-tect them, and enable the roads to be safer not only for them but for people generally. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, will the Senator yield? Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I yield to Sen-ator M
ARKEY . Mr. MARKEY. I just want to thank the Senator for his work. We have been partnering on this issue of eliminating bag fees at airports. Since they have been imposed, 27 percent more bags now go through baggage clearing with passengers. If we could just get that out of the way, get rid of those baggage fees, I think it would expedite dramati-cally the ability of people to get on planes in this country. So I am glad we are able to have this moment to be able to speak about the importance of this issue. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, as I mentioned earlier, the Senator from Massachusetts and I have been partners in this effort, and I hope we can prevail. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.019 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3015 May 19, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 3970 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I call up the Collins-Reed-Cochran amend-ment No. 3970. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ] pro- poses an amendment numbered 3970 to amendment No. 3896. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds to carry out a final rule and notice of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to direct a grantee to undertake specific changes to existing zoning laws as part of carrying out the final rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Fur-thering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or the notice entitled ‘‘Af-firmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assess-ment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the amendment that Senator J
ACK REED, Senator T
HADCOCHRAN , and I are offer-ing would make very clear that none of the funds made available in this appro-priations bill can be used by the De-partment of Housing and Urban Devel-opment to direct a recipient of Federal funds to undertake changes to their zoning laws. There has been concern that some have brought up that a new rule that was issued last year by the Department would somehow allow HUD to be the national zoning authority for every neighborhood in our country. While I do not believe that is a correct interpretation of the fair housing amendment or regulation that HUD has promulgated, the Collins-Reed- Cochran amendment ensures that HUD cannot do that. It eliminates that pos-sibility and ensures that communities will continue to make their own deci-sions to address these Federal require-ments. By contrast, the proposal offered by my colleague from Utah, Senator L
EE, would prohibit all funding for a rule that was issued by HUD based on a re-quirement that is included in the land-mark civil rights era law known as the Fair Housing Act of 1968. It is impor-tant to know that this regulation was in direct response to a 2010 GAO report that criticized HUD’s implementation of the requirement of the law that grantees, recipients of these funds, af-firmatively enhance fair housing op-portunities. It also was issued in re-sponse to requests from communities seeking guidance to ensure compliance because they don’t want to be sued for inadvertently violating Fair Housing Act requirements. So communities asked HUD for more tools, better as-sessments, and more guidance to make sure that they were in compliance. It is important to know that the Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination not only based on race, national origin, and religion but also against those with disabilities. Indeed, 56 percent of the complaints of housing discrimina-tion have been initiated by individuals with disabilities. That is why Senator LEE’s amendment is opposed by the Paralyzed Veterans of America and other disability groups, as well as the Urban League, the NAACP, and count-less civil rights groups. On the first vote, we will be voting on the Collins- Reed-Cochran amendment. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Will Senator C
OL-
LINS yield briefly for a question? Ms. COLLINS. Yes, I will yield. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Senator C
OLLINS  and every member of this body know that I support fair housing. It is so im-portant for my State, where there is a lack of affordable housing, and the An-chorage School District is one of the most diverse in the Nation. However, I have heard concerns from people in Alaska. They worry not so much about the rule itself but about how HUD could implement it. Many communities in Alaska are overwhelmingly Alaska Native, 90 percent or more of the popu-lation. Will this affirmatively furthering fair housing rule result in Federal grants being withheld from commu-nities that are currently and have long been populated almost entirely by Alaska Natives because those commu-nities are now considered to be seg-regated? Ms. COLLINS. No community in the United States or its insular areas will lose Federal housing funds solely be-cause of its racial demographics. There are communities throughout the United States that are racially homog-enous for reasons that have nothing to do with discrimination or other his-toric barriers. The rule does not change the Fair Housing Act, which for decades has in-cluded the affirmative fair housing re-quirement. The whole purpose of the rule is to ensure that States and com-munities that receive Federal funds take this requirement seriously. This rule is a planning tool, created to help grantees identify barriers to fair housing and plan how to address them. The rule does not penalize any community for where it starts but rather assists a community in taking meaningful steps to address any bar-riers it may find. HUD would never deny Federal funds to a community simply because of its demographics. It has never done so in the 48 years since the passage of the Fair Housing Act, and it will not under this rule. Additionally, I know some have ex-pressed concern about what effect this rule would have on Alaskan Natives and other Native Americans. HUD’s housing programs for Native Alaskans and other Native Americana are au-thorized under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self Deter-mination Act, NAHASDA. NAHASDA includes a statutory exemption from the Fair Housing Act, which the af-firmatively furthering fair housing rule does not change. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, the affirma-tively furthering fair housing rule, which my amendment would defund, is equal parts condescension and willful blindness. The condescension of this particular rule and its proponents is that local governments and public housing authorities across America can’t figure out how to provide fair and affordable housing to their commu-nities without the help, without the paternalistic interference of Federal bureaucrats. This is the epitome of the paternalism that informs so much of what happens in Washington, DC, today. I don’t doubt, as Senator C
OLLINS has said repeatedly, that local govern-ments would like ‘‘better guidance’’ from the Department of Housing and Urban Development in Washington. But this is a problem that was created by HUD, with its onerous requirements and its vague mandates, not the result of local governments being unable or unwilling to provide adequate low-cost housing for their neighbors in need. This brings us to the willful blind-ness part of the affirmative furthering fair housing rule. Proponents of the rule claim that HUD officials consulted closely with local governments and public housing authorities when draft-ing and finalizing the AFFH rule. In their telling, local housing agencies across the country are welcoming the AFFH rule with open arms. But this ig-nores what local officials have actually said about AFFH. I will let these local officials speak for themselves. Roger Partridge, the county commissioner of Douglas Coun-ty, CO, had this to say, in an email, about AFFH, the closed process that produced it, and the immense burdens it will place on local governments: 
Douglas County believes that the Assess-ment of Fair Housing tool as it now stands is an unfunded mandate that will create an ad-ministrative nightmare for jurisdictions who want to further fair housing and implement community programs with HUD grants. 
Partridge continues: 
HUD headquarters has repeatedly ignored the local practitioners responsible for AFFH and implementing the AFH in our commu-nities. 
He continues: 
In fact, HUD headquarters staff was in Denver for a Public AFFH roundtable on April 21st, during [the AFH tool] comment period. They ignored the opportunity to in-form Region VIII Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity (FHEO) staff or the local practi-tioners attending the roundtable. No notice from the HUD EXCHANGE to the grantee list serve was found. The local governments who were asked to comment on the publica-tion were shut out of the process. 
Likewise, this is what we have heard from Salt Lake County officials: 
The administrative burden imposed by this tool is excessive. Resources that could be put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.025 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3016 May 19, 2016 
into housing related tasks are being funneled into completing the tool and its associated administrative tasks. Additionally, although HUD claims that this tool can be completed without the use of a consultant, the assessment is complex enough to warrant considering a consultant. The rule imposes a jurisdictional and re-gional analysis that is too complex to be ef-fectively completed by staff without specific statistical and mapping knowledge. As hous-ing providers, most staff at PHAs have com-parative advantages that lie in providing af-fordable housing services, but not providing complex statistical data analysis. Forcing PHA staff to do this analysis is an inefficient use of their scarce time. 
Salt Lake County officials added the following: 
The AFH does not recognize the zero-sum nature of a PHA’s resource allocation. By al-locating resources to complete this process, PHAs are not allocating resources some-where else. Those resources could be used to provide additional housing assistance. 
Instead of ignoring the words and the experiences of our local officials, and instead of condescending to them, we should listen to them and learn from them. We should stop this disastrous new housing rule from causing more problems than it has already caused. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I know the Senator from Alabama is going to speak, and the Senator from Rhode Is-land should have an opportunity to speak. So I ask unanimous consent for 1 additional minute for each side prior to the votes in this series. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Senator L
EE’s amendment that would prevent the im-plementation of HUD’s affirmatively furthering fair housing regulation. Contrary to statements that have been made, the Senator’s amendment does nothing to change fair housing laws or to prevent the enforcement thereof. What the Lee amendment does is to prevent the implementation of a rule that would give HUD Federal con-trol over local planning decisions. Supporters of this program have ar-gued that it is intended to protect com-munities from fair housing lawsuits. It is quite the contrary. This rule, if al-lowed to be implemented, will actually lay the predicate for endless litigation against every community in our re-spective States that are required to participate. This should be unaccept-able to every Member of this body. Supporting Senator L
EE’s amend-ment is the only option before us to prevent centralized Federal control of local planning decisions. In my judg-ment, the Collins-Reed amendment does nothing to restrain the full imple-mentation of HUD’s program. I urge my colleagues to support the Lee amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, the pend-ing amendment is authored by my col-league from Maine and myself. The amendment makes very clear that local officials will remain in charge of zoning decisions and will determine how to best meet their obligations under the Fair Housing Act. Those ob-ligations are fundamental to our Amer-ican fabric, our lives, and the aspira-tions of this country, because they pro-tect Americans’ housing choices no matter their physical ability, race, family status, or religion. These pro-tections are fundamental to who we are. But without effective information and transparency so that local commu-nities can make wise decisions, these aspirations can never be realized, are seldom realized, or are not realized to the extent that we, as Americans, feel that they should be. Senator COLLINS and I have worked very hard to develop language that pro-vides local communities with wide flexibility to meet their requirements under the Fair Housing Act. Those re-quirements will still be there regard-less of our action today. If the re-sources made available under the Af-firmatively Furthering Fair Housing regulations are not provided, however, those communities will still be re-quired to ensure that housing is avail-able within their communities, regard-less of race, physical ability, or the other protected classes under the law. The Lee amendment would make grantees liable for compliance without providing the data and tools needed to comply. The thrust—the heart and soul—of this HUD proposal, based on GAO analysis, is to give local commu-nities the tools, so that they can deter-mine the local answer that makes sense. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there is 4 minutes equally divided on the Collins amend-ment. The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I will be very brief. Let me just reiterate what I have been saying repeatedly. What the amendment Senator R
EED, Senator C
OCHRAN , and I have intro-duced does is make very clear that HUD is prohibited from intervening in local decisions regarding zoning ordi-nances. That is in direct response to what some people have been claiming, incorrectly in my view; that the rule on affirmatively furthering fair hous-ing would somehow allow HUD to be a national zoning commissar. That is not the case, but to make absolutely sure that could never happen, we have teamed up on this amendment to pro-hibit HUD from intervening in local zoning matters. It is very different from the Lee amendment, which we will discuss shortly. This is an important clarification that should take away any fear that there is any possibility of HUD using funds authorized by this bill to inter-fere in local zoning decisions. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, the amend-ment offered by my friend and col-league from Maine in and of itself is unobjectionable and does no harm, and on that basis I intend to vote for it. Unfortunately, it also doesn’t do any-thing. It does nothing to help the many housing agencies that have told the Federal Government that President Obama’s AFFH rule imposes far too many reporting costs and their already stretched staffs are going to suffer as a result. It does nothing to shield local housing authorities from the very many real lawsuits they will face as a result of the data collected from this regulation, and it does nothing to stop HUD from blackmailing local housing agencies with Community Develop-ment Block Grant Program funds. At this time, I wish to cede the re-mainder of my time to my friend, the senior Senator from Alabama. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, we should all be aware that the Collins- Reed amendment provides no protec-tions to local communities on their local planning rules because it merely prohibits an activity that the rule does not contemplate. Even the sponsor of this amendment acknowledged earlier today that the amendment prohibited an activity that she believed would not occur. Make no mistake that the so-called affirmatively furthering fair housing rule will likely heavily influence local zoning decisions. However, it does so indirectly, not through direct action as in the Collins-Reed amendment. HUD advertises this fact on its own Web site, where it details how communities will have to submit for approval an as-sessment of fair housing and that these communities will ‘‘use the fair housing goals and priorities established in their [assessment] to inform the investments and other decisions made in their local planning processes.’’ In other words, HUD does not intend to direct any specific zoning require-ments. It does, however, intend to sig-nificantly influence local zoning deci-sions by withholding approval of local plans until they meet HUD’s central planning goals. This amendment is not sufficient on its own. I believe the only way to pre-vent HUD from intruding into local community planning exactly as they openly state they intend to do is to support the Lee amendment. I believe the Collins-Reed amendment is not al-ternative to Senator L
EE’s amendment, it is, at best, complementary to the Lee amendment, and that is something we will have to vote on in just a few minutes. I thank the Presiding Officer. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of time on our side, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.027 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3017 May 19, 2016 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN: I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 9, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 80 Leg.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—9 
Booker Brown Cardin Menendez Merkley Murphy Reid Schatz Warren 
NOT VOTING—4 
Boxer Cruz Heinrich Sanders 
The amendment (No. 3970) was agreed to. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote. Ms. COLLINS. I move to lay that mo-tion on the table. The motion to lay on the table was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3897 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). There is now 4 minutes of de-bate prior to a vote in relation to the Lee amendment No. 3897. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the subse-quent votes in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, unlike the Collins amendment that just passed with broad support, my amendment would actually do something with re-spect to affirmatively furthering the fair housing rule. Specifically, it would defund this rule and ultimately force the Department of Housing and Urban Development to respond to the GAO in a way that does not undermine local control or increase costs on already stretched thin local housing agencies. My colleagues who oppose this amendment have given a number of ex-amples of local governments being newly connected to make better gov-erning decisions, but my amendment in no way stops local governments from continuing to do that. All my amend-ment does—the only thing it does—is to prevent the Federal Government from forcing local governments to comply with a costly and unnecessary new data collection program, and it does so in order to protect local auton-omy. I therefore encourage each of my colleagues to support this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the amendment offered by my colleague Senator LEEwould prohibit all funding for a fair housing regulation issued by HUD based on a requirement of a land-mark civil rights law, the Fair Housing Act of 1968. Not only was this not a reg-ulation that appeared out of thin air, the GAO did a report criticizing HUD, and once the regulation was imple-mented, closed the recommendation. In addition, communities asked HUD to issue better guidance on this part of the law so that they could avoid being sued under the Fair Housing Act of 1968. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. President, I move to table the Lee amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 60, nays 37, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 81 Leg.] YEAS—60 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—37 
Barrasso Boozman Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Heller Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Boxer Cruz Sanders 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 4050 AND 4026 , AS MODIFIED , 
TO AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc and reported by number: Amendment No. 4050, offered by Senator R
UBIO; and amendment No. 4026, as modified, of-fered by Senator B
ALDWIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 4050 and 4026, as modified, en bloc to amendment No. 3896. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 4050 (Purpose: To make temporary relocation as-sistance available for tenants in project- based section 8 properties with imminent health and safety risks) On page 85, line 6, insert ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary may provide section 8 rental assistance from amounts made avail-able under this paragraph for units assisted under a project-based subsidy contract fund-ed under the ‘Project-Based Rental Assist-ance’ heading under this title where the owner has received a Notice of Default and the units pose an imminent health and safe-ty risk to residents: Provided further, That to the extent that the Secretary determines that such units are not feasible for continued rental assistance payments or transfer of the subsidy contract associated with such units to another project or projects and owner or owners, any remaining amounts associated with such units under such contract shall be recaptured and used to reimburse amounts used under this paragraph for rental assist-ance under the preceding proviso:’’ before ‘‘Provided further,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4026, AS MODIFIED  (Purpose: To prohibit certain health care providers from providing non-Department health care services to veterans) At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. PREVENTION OF CERTAIN HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS FROM PROVIDING NON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARE SERVICES TO VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—One year after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.028 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3018 May 19, 2016 
shall deny or revoke the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Depart-ment health care services to veterans if the Secretary determines that— (1) the health care provider was removed from employment with the Department of Veterans Affairs due to conduct that vio-lated a policy of the Department relating to the delivery of safe and appropriate patient care; (2) the health care provider violated the re-quirements of a medical license of the health care provider; (3) the health care provider had a Depart-ment credential revoked and the Secretary determines that the grounds for such revoca-tion impacts the ability of the health care provider to deliver safe and appropriate care; or (4) the health care provider violated a law for which a term of imprisonment of more than one year may be imposed. (b) P
ERMISSIVE ACTION .—One year after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary may deny, revoke, or suspend the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Depart-ment health care services if the Secretary has reasonable belief that such action is nec-essary to immediately protect the health, safety, or welfare of veterans and— (1) the health care provider is under inves-tigation by the medical licensing board of a State in which the health care provider is li-censed or practices; (2) the health care provider has entered into a settlement agreement for a discipli-nary charge relating to the practice of medi-cine by the health care provider; or (3) the Secretary otherwise determines that such action is appropriate under the cir-cumstances. (c) S
USPENSION .—The Secretary shall sus-pend the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Department health care serv-ices to veterans if the health care provider is suspended from serving as a health care pro-vider of the Department. (d) I
NITIAL REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review the Department employment status and history of each healthcare provider pro-viding non-Department heathcare services to determine instances of circumstances de-scribed in paragraphs (a) through (c) and shall take action as appropriate to each cir-cumstance as described in paragraphs (a) through (c). (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation by the Secretary of this section, including the following: (1) The aggregate number of health care providers denied or suspended under this sec-tion from participation in providing non-De-partment health care services. (2) An evaluation of any impact on access to care for patients or staffing shortages in programs of the Department providing non- Department health care services. (3) An explanation of the coordination of the Department with the medical licensing boards of States in implementing this sec-tion, the amount of involvement of such boards in such implementation, and efforts by the Department to address any concerns raised by such boards with respect to such implementation. (4) Such recommendations as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate regard-ing harmonizing eligibility criteria between health care providers of the Department and health care providers eligible to provide non- Department health care services. (f) N
ON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARE SERV-
ICES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-Department health care services’’ means— (1) services provided under subchapter I of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities (as defined in sec-tion 1701 of such title); (2) services provided under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); (3) services purchased through the Medical Community Care account of the Department; or (4) services purchased with amounts depos-ited in the Veterans Choice Fund under sec-tion 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on these amend-ments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate on the amend-ments, the question is on agreeing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 4050 and 4026, as modified) were agreed to en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. Under the previous order, the sub-stitute amendment No. 3896, as amend-ed, is agreed to. Under the previous order, the cloture motion on the underlying bill is with-drawn. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (M
R. CRUZ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—-yeas 89, nays 8, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 82 Leg.] YEAS—-89 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NAYS—-8 
Corker Crapo Flake Lankford Lee Paul Risch Sessions 
NOT VOTING—-3 
Boxer Cruz Sanders 
The bill (H.R. 2577), as amended, was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, before I make some closing remarks, I would yield to Senator R
EED, who has been such an extraordinary partner as we have worked together in a transparent and collaborative way to bring this bill across the finish line. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me re-turn the compliment to the Chairman of the committee, Senator C
OLLINS of Maine, for her extraordinary insight, leadership, and ability to bring us to-gether. This bill reflects the priorities of members on both sides of the aisle, it reflects sound policy, and it was a pleasure to work with her. I think that she will also commend our extraordinary staffs who provided support, working many times when we were not working to get the job done. I thank Dabney Hegg, Heideh Shahmoradi, Christina Monroe, Nathan Robinson, Jordan Stone, Jason Woolwine, Mike Clarke, Lydia Collins, and Gus Maples. These are profes-sionals who are thoughtful, skillful, pleasant, and probably deserving of the real praise for work done on the floor. Let me once again thank Senator C
OLLINS for her thoughtful leadership and her commitment to fairness and principle. I think that she is one of the major reasons we are here today. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the Senate has completed its consideration of this appropriations measure, which provides essential funding for the De-partment of Transportation, the De-partment of Housing and Urban Devel-opment, related agencies, military con-struction programs, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and to combat Zika. I thank all of my colleagues for working together with us in an open and col-laborative manner. I would note that the legislation we just passed incorporates some 40 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.020 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3019 May 19, 2016 
amendments. There were also rec-ommendations from more than 75 Sen-ators from both sides of the aisle in-cluded in the Transportation-HUD ap-propriations portion of this bill which were incorporated at the committee level. I thank all of my colleagues for giving us their suggestions, their re-quests, and their insights. It made for a better bill. As I mentioned, I am particularly grateful to Senator J
ACK REED, the ranking member of the Transportation- HUD Subcommittee, for his work. I also thank the staff for their dili-gence and commitment throughout this process. As Senator R
EED men-tioned, we worked extremely hard, but our staff worked even harder. So I thank Heideh Shahmoradi, Rajat Mathur, Jason Woolwine, Lydia Col-lins, Gus Maples, Dabney Hegg, Nathan Robinson, Christina Monroe, Jordan Stone, and Mike Clarke on the sub-committee staff. I also give special thanks to the floor and cloakroom staffs who worked so hard. Without the help of Laura Dove and her team and the team on the Democratic side, we could not be where we are today. They did a lot of the vet-ting that needed to be done on various amendments. They helped us in the ne-gotiations and compromises that ulti-mately were included in this bill. I would note that our Transpor-tation-HUD portion of this bill recog-nizes the fiscal reality while making critical investments into our crum-bling infrastructure and economic de-velopment projects. It meets our re-sponsibility to vulnerable populations. I think most of our colleagues are un-aware that 84 percent of HUD’s budget goes to subsidized housing. When we fund that, we keep very vulnerable low- income families, disabled individuals, and our low-income seniors from being at risk of homelessness. We also paid special attention in this bill to vulnerable homeless popu-lations, such as our veterans and our young people. We continued a program the administration wanted to abolish that helps our homeless veterans, to whom we owe so much—$57 million in new vouchers, so that we can continue the progress we are making in housing our homeless veterans. Since we start-ed this program, the number of home-less veterans has declined by about one-third. This program works, but we can’t declare victory until the job is done. That is why both last year and this year we funded the program, even though the President’s budget sought to eliminate it. We have made real investments in helping some of our most vulnerable young people, and those are youth who have been in the Foster Care Program and then age out of that program. In some cases, they are aging out of the program before they have even grad-uated from high school, and they have nowhere to go. So through family re-unification vouchers and other pro-grams, we are beefing up support so they don’t fall through the cracks and become vulnerable to traffickers, to dropping out of school, to couch surf-ing, or ending up in shelters. In par-ticular, I am very proud of the work we have done in that area. I am very pleased this bill funds the TIGER Grant Program at $525 million. This program has been extraordinarily popular and effective. It has funded projects in each and every State— projects that have led to job creation and economic development. When we think about it, at heart, much in this bill is about creating jobs and security for our fellow citizens. If you don’t have a place to live, it is very difficult to show up for work every day. If the infrastructure is crumbling, it is very difficult for a business to hire the em-ployees who produce the products and get those products to market. The con-struction projects this bill will fund creates good-paying jobs. In many ways, I think of this as a jobs bill. Let me give another example of a very popular program, the Community Development Block Grant Program. If you ask of the mayors and other town and city officials in your State, they will point to that program as one that gives them the flexibility to improve their downtowns, to make investments that bring new employers to the re-gion, to build affordable housing, what-ever their needs are, and that is the beauty of that program. It is not dic-tated from Washington. It gives tre-mendous flexibility to States and com-munities to design the kinds of eco-nomic development programs that boost growth and create jobs. In short, our bill strikes the right balance between thoughtful investment and fiscal restraint and thereby sets the stage for future economic growth, something I know the Presiding Officer has been a real leader in speaking out about and reminding us that must be our focus as Members of the Senate. I am also pleased we were able to bring spending bills to the floor for Members to examine, debate, and vote on in a transparent manner. The worst situation is when we do a series of con-tinuing resolutions temporarily fund-ing the essential functions of govern-ment. They create such uncertainty, they lock in priorities from previous years rather than reflecting today’s priorities, and they end up costing more money. Agencies are unable to enter into contracts. Businesses, be-cause of the uncertainty, tend to build in a little extra into their bids. It is a terrible way to operate. Equally bad is the practice of bun-dling all 12 of the appropriations bills into one gigantic omnibus bill, thou-sands of pages long, that is rushed through at the end of the fiscal year— or, more often, at the expiration of one of those continuing resolutions that I just deplore. We are not doing that this year. This is the third appropriations bill that the Senate has passed earlier than ever, with great cooperation from both sides of the aisle. The Members of the Appropriations Committee and its two leaders, Senator COCHRAN and Sen-ator M
IKULSKI , deserve great credit for putting us on a strict schedule and keeping the process moving. In fact, in the full committee today, we approved two more appropriations bills that are ready to come to the Sen-ate floor. That is the way the process used to work. That is the way the proc-ess should work, and that is the way the process is working this year. I be-lieve it is a great credit to the Senate, to the leaders of the Appropriations Committee, and to Majority Leader M
CCONNELL , who has made it a goal that all 12 bills be reported by the Ap-propriations Committee and brought to the Senate floor, individually or two or three combined, for full and open de-bate. Again, I thank Members on both sides of the aisle. Many of your re-quests are included in this important legislation. I feel fortunate to have worked with Senator J
ACK REED on this bill. He is not only a great col-league and a terrific Senator but also a good friend. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL ENGAGEMENT Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, there is an ongoing debate in our politics today about the value of leadership around the world in the 21st century. There is a view that seems to be gain-ing traction and favor—that our inter-national engagement is one-sided, that our allies are free riders, that we con-tribute too much and get too little in return, and so why should we be in-volved in the world? These voices exist in both parties, and I would like to an-swer them today. I want to start by looking back at the last century, when the world emerged from the death and destruc-tion of the Second World War. The United States could have decided after that war to wall ourselves off—that after the loss of so many of our best and brightest, we had already paid enough for peace. Instead, our country became the driving force behind international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.038 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3020 May 19, 2016 
order. We forged a series of strong alli-ances, led with moral clarity, and posi-tioned our military strength strategi-cally around the world. In doing so, the American people benefitted immensely as we helped to stave off the threat of another global conflict and oversaw decades of economic growth and the spread of democracy and freedom around the world. Then, like now, our people benefitted tremendously from our status in the world, even though our engagement was disproportional to that of other nations; in fact, we bene-fitted precisely because our engage-ment was disproportional to that of other nations. International engagement has never been a business deal. International en-gagement is not a transaction in which we give something tangible and receive something tangible in return. America has more to give to the nations we are helping, and that is one of the reasons why we have a responsibility to lead. It is written in the Bible: ‘‘From every-one who has been given much, much will be required.’’ But our leadership ends up paying dividends for the entire world, and especially for the American people. First of all, American workers and families benefit economically. Inter-national affairs have a bigger impact on the financial well-being of our peo-ple today than ever before. In our glob-al economy, someone on the other side of the planet can now buy a product from an American with the tap of a fin-ger. But when nations or entire regions are torn apart by war and by oppres-sion, they become closed off, and eco-nomic growth in our own country is re-stricted as a result. If America were to fail to protect the openness of international waters, glob-al shipping would be threatened and prices would rise for consumers on vir-tually everything. Similarly, if space and cyber space became threatened or restricted, global communications and commerce would suffer as well. Americans also see real benefits in terms of our safety at home and around the world. Without American leader-ship, regional order tends to break down, and then instability spreads. This opens up vacuums that are filled up by radicals, and those radicals al-ways—irrespective of what we are doing or what we are not doing—target America, and they do so either to bol-ster their own prestige or for ideolog-ical reasons or often for both. As Presi-dent Obama has found, leaving the Middle East doesn’t mean terrorists stop trying to kill Americans. Our fam-ilies, our homeland, and our men and women in uniform are less safe when America disengages from the world. We also benefit geopolitically when we help other nations. Think what Eu-rope would look like if it had not been for America’s moral and strategic lead-ership during the Cold War. Europe still faces many challenges today, mainly because of our neglect of the crisis in Syria, but for centuries prior, Europe was driven by conflict. Euro-pean peace was thought to be impos-sible. Yet that is what NATO and other institutions have helped achieve with American support. What would Asia look like right now had the United States not helped it to rebuild after the Second World War. Look at the way that American leader-ship allowed South Korea to go from a poor country—a dictatorship—to a vi-brant democracy and one of the largest economies in the world. South Korea is now a net donor to foreign aid and a crucial ally for us in a region that in-cludes an aggressive China and a bellig-erent North Korea. Japan has gone from a country dev-astated by war and not trusted by its neighbors to one of the most peaceful societies in the world. It has also be-come a net contributor to global secu-rity through its military and humani-tarian assistance programs. Then there is the Middle East. Whether we should continue to play a role there is a question that weighs particularly heavily on the minds of many Americans. I understand the doubts and frustrations. We have been involved in the region for decades. Nothing seems to be getting better, and despite our attempts to help, we watch on television as some celebrate our tragedies and burn our flag in the Arab streets. It is true that we cannot solve all of the region’s problems, but we have an interest in what happens there, none-theless. That interest is served by our involvement, not by our withdrawal. ISIS arose, in the first place, because of the political instability that exists in both Syria and Iraq, and that insta-bility was created in part because President Obama withdrew or withheld American leadership at crucial mo-ments. Failing to lead costs us more in the long-term than it saves us in the short- term, and we will continue to pay a steep price each time we fail to lead in the future. There are complex considerations to make regarding our engagement in every region, but I believe a world without sustained American engage-ment is not a world any of us want to live in. This idea shared by prominent voices in both parties—that America is such a weak nation that we cannot af-ford to be engaged in the world—is one of the biggest lies ever told to the American people. Just because our gov-ernment leaders are weak does not mean America is weak. No American wants to live in a world where Vladimir Putin sets the agenda or ISIS holds us hostage to their de-mands. Yet this is the world we are heading toward as political leaders continue to embrace America’s decline. Defense spending is currently at roughly 3.3 percent of our budget, com-pared to 14 percent at the height of the Korean war. Our Army is on track to be at pre-World War II levels. Our Navy is already at pre-World War I levels, and our Air Force has the smallest and oldest combat force in its history. These are the results of specific policy choices made by politicians right here. It is no accident that the result has been more conflict around the world and less American influence. I saw firsthand on a recent trip to Iraq how our men and women in uni-form around the world are doing their best to keep us safe with limited re-sources. We put them in an untenable position. They are asked to maintain our global commitments, fight ISIS and other terrorist groups, and deter countries such as Russia, Iran, North Korea, and China. They and our coun-try deserve better. ‘‘Spend less abroad so we can spend more at home’’ has become a common refrain among leaders in both parties. It is used to excuse cuts to the military and our presence around the world. The truth is that the defense budget is not the primary driver of our debt. It is our entitlement programs. Every time we try to cut a dollar from our military, it seems to cost us several more just to make up for it. In addition to investing in our strength, we must apply that strength in a way that respects our values and supports our economic interests. Americans deserve a foreign policy we can be proud of. But for the last 8 years, we have had a Commander in Chief who praises and appeases dic-tators to promote the illusion of peace. Some in my party have now adopted a similar approach. They may claim to represent different ideas, but both ema-nate from the same notion—that Amer-icans are too tired, that America is too weak, and that we are too much like the rest of the world to stand up to ty-rants, so we should just cut deals with them instead. This is not only morally wrong, but it is contrary to our interests. When-ever our foreign policy becomes un-hinged from its moral purpose, it weak-ens global stability and it forms cracks in our national resolve. But whenever freedom and human rights spread, part-ners for our Nation are born. We must restore America’s willingness to state boldly what we stand for and why. Just as Reagan never flinched in his criti-cisms of the Soviet Union, we must not shy away from demanding that China allow true freedom for its 1.3 billion people or boldly stating that Vladimir Putin is a corrupt thug. Nor should we hesitate in calling the source of atroc-ities in the Middle East by its real name—radical Islam. We should always stand with Israel, and we should not abandon the cause of freedom in our own hemisphere and allow cruel and immoral dictatorships in Cuba and Venezuela to be absolved of their crimes. The world needs America’s moral and military strength just as much as our people and our economy do. No other nation can deter global conflict by its presence alone. No other nation can offer the security and benevolence that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.040 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3021 May 19, 2016 
America can. No other Nation can be trusted to defend peace and advance liberty. America cannot avoid its role as a global leader. But we also know Amer-ica cannot be tasked with protecting the world on its own. It will take an international order of free nations with free economies to do so. We must work with like-minded allies whenever pos-sible and encourage them to do their part, but no other nation has the abil-ity to organize or lead such a coalition if we fail to do so. That is why I will continue to make the case for an engaged America, no matter who becomes our next Presi-dent, no matter how the political winds may blow. Our safety and our pros-perity depend on it. The ideal of Amer-ica depends on it. That was true last century, and it is even more so today. Madam President, with that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING Officer. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIA-TIONS BILLS Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I am pleased that today the Senate passed two annual spending bills—Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs—and approved fund-ing to combat the Zika virus. Senators C
OLLINS , REED, KIRK, and T
ESTER worked hard to craft good, bi-partisan bills with no ideological, par-tisan policy riders. They have reminded us of the way we should do business here in the Senate. I was proud to support both bills when they were considered by the Ap-propriations Committee in recent weeks and proud to support them again today. I am pleased that the bill includes long-overdue funding to fight Zika. The bill does not provide the full amount of funding that our health and infectious disease experts say they need, but it does provide a good down payment of $1.1 billion. We must do more, and we must do it now, in order to protect pregnant women nationwide. This bill builds on the surface trans-portation bill, the FAST Act, that Con-gress passed last year that provides funding over 5 years for rail and high-way infrastructure. Illinois rail lines are at the center of our national transportation network. In 2014, 5 million people boarded or exited trains in Illinois, giving resi-dents a safe, affordable option when traveling. The bill supports rail options by pro-viding strong funding for Amtrak, in-cluding $1.42 billion for the national network. It increases funding for TIGER and Core Capacity Capital Investment Grants, which supports transportation improvement projects across Illinois like the CTA’s Red Purple Moderniza-tion project to provide more commuter passenger rail options to people in Chi-cago. The bill also funds important rail safety programs across the country. First-time funding for passenger rail grant programs authorized in the FAST Act will address gaps in sup-porting and growing our nation’s pas-senger rail infrastructure. Rail line relocation and grade cross-ing enhancements will reduce acci-dents and improve passenger safety in Illinois and around the country. Nearly 1.1 million barrels of crude oil are hauled on our nation’s railroads every day. Last year’s derailment in Galena, IL, highlights the need to in-vest in rail safety. The bill continues funding for Posi-tive Train Control programs and sup-ports the Safe Transport of Energy Products Program. There is always more work to be done. According to the American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers, America scores a D in investment in roads, transit, and aviation and a C-plus in rail. This bill is a good start. This bill not only invests in our transportation in-frastructure, but it also invests in our housing infrastructure. I want to thank Senators COLLINS  and R
EEDagain for their efforts to ad-dress lead-based paint hazards in our Nation’s low-income housing. Since Flint, we have learned that ex-posure to lead, be it through our drink-ing water or paint in our homes, is still a major problem in communities across Illinois and the country. We have also learned that, when gov-ernment shortchanges our infrastruc-ture because of opposition to common-sense protections and draconian spend-ing cuts, families suffer the con-sequences. In the case of Flint, local and State government was the problem, and now, it, along with Federal Government, have to be part of the solution. And the provisions in this bill can help us do that. This bill requires HUD to update its standards to the CDC’s blood level standard, which is cur-rently four times the CDC level. It im-proves tenant awareness and education of the lead-based paint hazards. And it provides a modest increase in funding for the identification and remediation of lead-based hazards found in federally assisted housing. These are all good things, and they will go a long way in addressing the government’s abysmal and embar-rassing record in dealing with this problem, which has led to far too many children living in federally subsidized housing suffering from lead poisoning, including one family in Chicago. Lanice Walker’s 4-year-old daughter was diagnosed with lead poisoning less than 5 months after her and her family moved into a home subsidized by a Housing Choice Voucher. But Lanice Walker was not able to move without the risk of losing her voucher because her daughter’s blood lead level, which was two times the CDC level, didn’t meet the standards under HUD regulations. It wasn’t until all nine of her children had elevated blood levels and legal advocates inter-vened on her behalf before she was granted permission to move. This is unacceptable, and we must do more to protect children in affordable housing before they become poisoned by lead. We must ensure that lead- based paint hazards are properly iden-tified before a family moves into a unit. We must update all outdated lead regulations using the most recent science and enforce them. And we must adequately fund programs designed to identify and eliminate lead paint haz-ards. I hope that our efforts today are just the beginning of our recommitment to addressing our lead epidemic. The Senate also approved the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill, which provides a $3.1 billion increase above fiscal year 2016 enacted levels. This funding will support a wide vari-ety of projects to ensure the military readiness and quality of life on mili-tary bases within the United States and around the world. It provides $70 million for Arlington National Cemetery to ensure that the final resting place for our servicemem-bers is well maintained. The bill ensures that we provide for our Nation’s veterans and their fami-lies, those who have sacrificed so much over the years and deserve our grati-tude. The Veterans Benefits Administra-tion will receive $2.8 billion more than last year to help the VA modernize its claims processing as well as help re-duce and eliminate backlogs. Forcing veterans to wait months and sometimes years to get the benefits they deserve is unacceptable. The bill increases funding for critical programs and emerging needs, includ-ing hepatitis C treatment, whistle-blower protection, as well as family caregiver support. For years, I have championed the caregivers program in Congress, so I am pleased that this program is a pri-ority in this bill. Hundreds of veterans and their care-givers in Illinois and more than 23,000 nationwide participate in this program, with much success. The bill increases medical and pros-thetic research funding by $44 million compared to fiscal year 2016, at $675 million. These funds are critical to continuing our national commitment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.040 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3022 May 19, 2016 
to medical research and will help our veterans that return home with both the physical and mental wounds of war. The number of veterans using VA services is dramatically increasing as the population ages. The VA provides more care for veterans now than ever before, and more of these veterans and their families have increasingly crit-ical needs. I would also like to take a moment to address an amendment I offered that was included as part of a managers package. My amendment directs the Secretary of the VA to spend at least $21 million to fill critical staffing shortages in VA leadership at networks, medical cen-ters, and health care systems across the country. At least three dozen key VA leader-ship positions are currently filled by acting or interim directors, sometimes for years at a time. In my home State of Illinois, for example, Hines VA Hos-pital has not had a permanent director since 2014. Permanently assigned leadership that is capable of overseeing and man-aging networks and medical centers is critical to delivering high quality care to our Nation’s veterans in a timely fashion, especially at a time when the VA faces a number of challenges. This funding will help the VA prioritize filling these key positions, as well as address staffing shortages in other management and clinical posi-tions, including in rural and under-served areas. It is my hope that this funding will allow the VA to quickly fill these im-portant positions within the Depart-ment. I am glad to say that overall, moving this bill is good for our Nation’s mili-tary and their families. I hope today’s action by the Senate is another step in the direction of passing all 12 appropriations bills, all without ideological riders. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to continue to work with us in a bipartisan manner to pass additional appropriations bills without ideological riders. I would also like to urge my col-leagues to quickly send these funding measures to the President. Zika fund-ing is needed now. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, today I wish to join Americans across the country in recognizing the immeas-urable sacrifices made every day by the men and women of law enforcement. Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment officers put their lives on the line to help uphold the rule of law in Amer-ica. Their professionalism and commit-ment to justice underpin so much of what has allowed this country to thrive for generations. In May 1962, President John F. Ken-nedy designated May 15 as Peace Offi-cers Memorial Day and the week con-taining May 15 as National Police Week. In that proclamation, President Kennedy stated, ‘‘. . . from the begin-ning of this Nation, law enforcement officers have played an important role in safeguarding the rights and free-doms which are guaranteed by the Con-stitution and in protecting the lives and property of our citizens. . . .’’ It is that twofold role of protecting both the constitutional and physical well-being of all Americans that earns law enforcement officers such a revered place in American society. In the 53 years since President Kennedy estab-lished this national celebration of law enforcement, much has changed in re-gards to the tactics and procedure for protecting essential rights and free-doms, as well as the nature of threats against personal property and the citi-zenry. What has not changed in the un-wavering commitment to addressing these challenges by law enforcement agencies nationwide. My home State of Maryland is home to a close-knit, well-trained, and dedi-cated network of law enforcement agencies. Maryland is often called America in Miniature, and as such, Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment officers across Maryland are ex-pected to be able to respond to an in-credibly diverse set of situations. Being on the front lines of upholding the rule of law and protecting Ameri-cans from harm is not easy work. There is hardly a law enforcement offi-cer in the United States who will not face the threat of bodily harm during their career. Unfortunately, due to the dangerous nature of police work, law enforcement officers across the coun-try are killed on the job every year. Thus far in 2016, 35 law enforcement officers have been killed in the line of duty. Every one of those men and women left a family and grieving law enforcement agency. California, Colo-rado, and Maryland share the painful distinction of leading the Nation in law enforcement deaths in the line of duty. Three officers from each one of the aforementioned States were killed in the line of duty; in Maryland, all three were killed by gunfire. Senior Deputies Patrick Dailey and Mark Logsdon of the Harford County Sheriff’s office and Officer Jacai Colson of the Prince George’s County Police Department were all model officers who were tragically killed while pro-tecting colleagues and civilians. All three of these men served communities in Maryland with distinction and con-tributed greatly to not only public safety but also to helping build strong and lasting relationships among law enforcement and the people they pro-tect. Senior Deputies Dailey and Logsdon were both fathers and military vet-erans. Both served honorably with the Harford County Sheriff’s Office. On Christmas Eve 2002, Deputy Dailey saved the life of a teenager traveling in an SUV that collided head- on with a cement mixing truck. Deputy Dailey, a number of fellow sheriffs, and two civilians emptied six fire extin-guishers in an attempt to quell a fire that threatened to engulf the vehicle and the unresponsive driver. Using only their bare hands and batons, the group managed to free the driver sec-onds before the fire consumed the pas-senger compartment. The teen was able to thank his rescuers 3 months later at the Harford County Sheriff’s Office Awards Banquet. Exactly 11 years before his death, Deputy Logsdon confronted a suicidal man who was armed with a loaded shotgun. In a display of great bravery and at great risk to himself, Deputy Logsdon managed to talk the man into surrendering his weapon. After the man was disarmed, Deputy Logsdon continued to help the man by trans-porting him to the hospital, where he received medical care. Officer Colson was an undercover narcotics agent. He had a dangerous job with zero margin for error. Officer Colson did not make errors. He was a 4- year veteran of the Prince George’s Po-lice Department. The commander of the Prince George’s County Police De-partment’s Narcotic Enforcement Divi-sion said of Colson, ‘‘Not only is he good at his job, he’s that guy that you wanted on your team.’’ The President of the Fraternal Order of Police, Lodge 89 described Officer Colson as ‘‘. . . always the first person here in the morning, ready to work and put in a full day’s work.’’ All three of these men could have done anything with their lives, and they chose to uphold the law. I am thankful that, for the many people they interacted with on a daily basis, these men embodied justice. I join Marylanders in mourning their loss. It is my hope that this National Po-lice Week serves as a catalyst to com-munities and governments across the country to evaluate ways to better serve those who are sworn to protect and serve. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, this evening, I want to honor our Na-tion’s peace officers and to remember those who we have lost in the line of duty over the last year. Sunday was Peace Officers Memorial Day, a day set aside by President Ken-nedy in 1962 to honor those law en-forcement officers who we have lost in the line of duty, a day that unfortu-nately has touched me personally, both in the past while serving as attorney general for North Dakota and trag-ically again earlier this year when the city of Fargo, ND, lost one of its finest in the line of duty. On the evening of Wednesday, Feb-ruary 10, 2016, Fargo Police Officer Jason Moszer answered the call to serve and protect for what would turn out to be the last time. He knew when he answered that call that he would confront an active-shooter situation, and he never hesitated in taking up a position to put himself between the shooter and the community he so very much loved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.034 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3023 May 19, 2016 
Officer Moszer was struck down that evening, and his name will forever be etched in stone on the North Dakota’s Peace Officer’s Memorial that sits on the grounds of the State capitol in Bis-marck. Through rain, sleet, and snow— extreme heat and cold—he will now stand alongside those other North Da-kota officers who gave the ultimate sacrifice. They provide an unwavering example that, regardless of what condi-tions they face, our peace officers will stand steadfast regardless of what chal-lenges they may face. National Police Week is very special to me. When I served as attorney gen-eral of North Dakota in the 1990s, I had the privilege to work directly with many of our State’s law enforcement officers, from the highway patrol, to State and local officers, various Fed-eral officers, and our tribal police. It was in that job that I truly began to appreciate the hard work and dedica-tion of those officers who serve the people of North Dakota. These are some of the finest men and women I have ever met. During my time as a U.S. Senator, I have been able to see many old friends that continue their service and have met an entire new generation of law enforcement officers at the beginning of their careers. I can tell you that this new generation of law enforcement of-ficers are not only up to the task, but will most certainly meet the same standards of excellence as their prede-cessors. I want to give special recognition to the Grand Forks Country Drug Task Force, a collection of State, local, and Federal law enforcement members who were honored earlier this year by the HIDTA program with an Outstanding Cooperative Effort award. This award came was the result of Operation De-nial, a multiagency investigation into the international trafficking of fentanyl and other lethal drugs that led to multiple arrests and convictions in various States and countries. As we talk about the opioid abuse epidemic in the Senate and look to address this scourge on our communities, law en-forcement officers are on the front lines tackling this challenge head-on. When honoring the service and sac-rifice of our Nation’s law enforcement officers, all too often there is a group of officers that don’t garner the atten-tion and praise that they deserve, our tribal law enforcement officers. Tribal officers work in some of the most chal-lenging conditions, with incredible ju-risdictional challenges and an embar-rassing lack of resources, but they do not let that stand in the way of their dedication and passion to protect In-dian Country. This evening, I want to extend special recognition and a per-sonal thank you to all of our tribal law enforcement officers. I continue to work on behalf of our men and women in law enforcement, and all of us in Congress must continue to support our law enforcement officers with the resources and protections nec-essary for them to perform their du-ties. Last year, I was proud see a bill that I cosponsored, the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu [Wen-Gin Lew] National Blue Alert Act, enacted into law. This bipartisan legislation established a na-tional Blue Alert communications net-work to disseminate information about threats to officers. The law seeks to make sure that appropriate steps can be taken as quickly as possible to pro-vide for an officer’s safety. Just yesterday, the President signed two more bills into law that I sup-ported and that will give law enforce-ment additional and sorely needed re-sources, the Transnational Drug Traf-ficking Act that will provide increased tools to go after foreign manufacturers or distributors of chemicals that will eventually end up in the U.S. as illicit drugs, and the Bulletproof Vest Reau-thorization Act will extend for 5 years the matching grant program that helps law enforcement purchase lifesaving bulletproof vests. Just last week, another bill, the PO-LICE Act, passed out of the Judiciary Committee. This bill would make Fed-eral grants available for law enforce-ment officers and medical personnel to help them better prepare for active- shooter situations, including training civilians on how to respond if con-fronted by an active shooter. Congress needs to swiftly pass this bill. And I am a proud cosponsor of Sen-ator L
EAHY and Senator G RASSLEY ’s resolution recognizing among other things, the dedication and sacrifice of all of our law enforcement officers and our debt of gratitude to each and every one of them. Thank you to all of our Nation’s law enforcement officers for the jobs you do every day. I want to especially thank the law enforcement officers in my home State of North Dakota. I be-lieve they are the finest collection of officers in the Nation. They are out there working day and night to keep our families safe, and just as they do for us, I will keep fighting for them every day. This Nation, our State, and our local communities owe our law en-forcement officers a continuing debt of gratitude for their selfless actions to meet their sworn duty to protect and serve. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BOB NEWMAN ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, in honor of National Military Apprecia-tion Month, I wish to recognize Bob Newman of Musselshell County, a U.S. Army veteran. After leaving the Army, he went into law enforcement and served his community in the Musselshell County Sheriff’s Depart-ment. Newman has dedicated his life to serving God, his country, and his com-munity by giving countless hours of his time to military service, as well as helping fellow veterans in a countless number of ways. Since leaving the Army, Newman has participated in hundreds of services aimed towards veterans. Two great ex-amples of his dedication are his work with the Patriot Guard of Montana and with Big Sky Honor Flights. The Pa-triot Guard of Montana was founded in 2005, and Newman was one of its origi-nal members; he now serves as a ride captain. This grassroots organization consists of motorcycle riders who want to show respect for fallen American soldiers by escorting funeral proces-sions for fallen heroes and protecting mourning family and friends from any potential disturbances caused by protestors. Newman also partakes in Big Sky Honor Flights, an organization whose mission is ‘‘to recognize Montana World War II Veterans for their sac-rifices and achievements by flying them to Washington, D.C., to see their memorial at no cost.’’ Upon one flight’s return in 2013, he was a part of the celebrating crowd that welcomed the veterans back at the Billings Logan International Airport with loud cheering and waving of American flags. Newman said, ‘‘It’s an honor to be able to stand for them and give them the recognition they deserve.’’ Other services Newman has been in-volved in are the Missing in America Project, assisting families of our fallen heroes in various capacities, helping disabled veterans and homeless vet-erans in addition to an endless amount of other projects for those in need. Montana has a rich legacy of mili-tary service, and Bob is a true Montana hero and role model for us all. It takes a devoted and courageous person to sacrifice their life to protect the lives and freedom that we hold so dear. I am deeply grateful for the many sacrifices Bob has made for our Nation and State.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO STAFF SERGEANT KAT KAELIN ∑Mr. HELLER. Madam President, today I wish to recognize SSG Kat Kaelin for her outstanding contribu-tions in serving our country. In 2011, Staff Sergeant Kaelin was selected to serve as a member of a 20-woman cul-tural support team, CST, that assisted Special Operations missions in locating terrorists for an 8 month period. It gives me great pleasure to recognize her achievement in qualifying for this prestigious position and for her contin-ued dedication in serving the female military community. Staff Sergeant Kaelin joined the Ne-vada National Guard while she was still in her junior year of high school at Spring Creek High School. Begin-ning in August of 2011, she served in an 8-month mission in Iraq as a member of CST–2. The team was designed specifi-cally to serve as a resource for the 75th Ranger Regiment in its mission by gathering information from Afghan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.032 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3024 May 19, 2016 
women and children. To become a member of the team, Staff Sergeant Kaelin endured intense fitness training and psychological testing. After suc-cessfully finishing training, she be-came the first and only woman from the Nevada National Guard to join a CST. Staff Sergeant Kaelin earned a Combat Action Badge for her service in this role. Her sacrifice in defending our freedoms is invaluable. In May of 2012, Staff Sergeant Kaelin returned to the United States, and she is currently finishing her military ca-reer in the Inactive Ready Reserves. Since returning from deployment, she has dedicated her time to a new mis-sion to help others returning home from service. Specifically, she has been fighting to assist women veterans and their children who are homeless. She has become a powerful voice on behalf of female veterans, and I am thankful for all that she has done for our coun-try and the State of Nevada. She is now running for Ms. Veteran America for 2016 in her endeavors to increase awareness for female veterans. I wish her the best of luck in this competi-tion. I extend my deepest gratitude to Staff Sergeant Kaelin for her coura-geous contributions to our Nation. Her unwavering dedication to her career is commendable, and she stands as a shin-ing example for future generations of heroes. Staff Sergeant Kaelin’s service to her country and her bravery earn her a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly de-fended our Nation. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I recognize Con-gress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. Equally as important, it is crucial that female servicemembers and veterans have access to their specific health care needs. There are countless distin-guished women who have made sac-rifices beyond measure and deserve nothing but the best treatment. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation and will continue to fight until this becomes a reality. Throughout her tenure, Staff Ser-geant Kaelin has demonstrated profes-sionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of the U.S. Army. I am both humbled and honored by her service and am proud to have had someone from the Nevada National Guard serve our Na-tion in such a significant role. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Staff Sergeant Kaelin for all of her accomplishments and wish her well in her future endeavors.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ANNE PERSHING ∑Mr. HELLER. Madam President, today we honor the life and legacy of Anne Pershing, whose passing signifies a great loss to Nevada. I send my con-dolences and prayers to her family and friends during this time of difficulty. Ms. Pershing was an upstanding Ne-vadan, committed to bringing journal-istic excellence to the Fallon commu-nity. She will be sorely missed by the entire Nevada family. Ms. Pershing was raised in Bushnell, IL, and moved to the Silver State over 30 years ago. She received her bach-elor’s degree in speech communica-tions, in addition to studying jour-nalism, at the University of Nevada, Reno, UNR. In 1983, she started her pro-fessional career working for the Lahontan Valley News as a general as-signment reporter. By 1987, she had successfully climbed the ladder and was chosen to serve as editor of the newspaper and, later, as general man-ager. During her tenure, Ms. Pershing went above and beyond in her role to become acquainted with the city of Fallon and its residents, embodying what it means to be a true community journalist. Throughout the late 1990s, Ms. Per-shing and her team covered the child leukemia cluster that greatly affected the local community, gaining national attention for her work on the breaking story. Ms. Pershing and her team were later recognized for their efforts by being nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in Public Service and were honored in 2002 with an Associated Press Public Service Award. Ms. Pershing stands as a role model to the Nevada journalism community with her commendable and reliable reporting. We will always re-member her resilient spirit in shining light on issues important to our State. In 2004, Ms. Pershing moved on to work for the Star Press, a small week-ly newspaper in Fallon, and after this newspaper ceased publication, she con-tinued writing as a contributing col-umnist for the publication at the School of Medicine at UNR. In 2008, she was inducted into the Nevada Press As-sociation Hall of Fame for all of her ef-forts. Ms. Pershing spent her final jour-nalistic years writing in her weekly newspaper column about the most im-portant issues affecting Nevada’s sen-ior population. Throughout her decades of service to Nevada journalism, Ms. Pershing demonstrated unwavering dedication to bringing Nevadans truth-ful and insightful news coverage. She was truly one-of-a-kind in her endeav-ors to support her local community. Her legacy of kindness, loyalty, and drive will echo on for years to come. For over 30 years, Ms. Pershing served as a tremendous contributor to Nevada journalism. Her commitment to the Silver State will never be forgot-ten. Today I join the Fallon commu-nity and citizens of the Silver State to celebrate the life of an honorable Ne-vadan, Ms. Anne Pershing.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5425. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to the Definitions of ’Portfolio Rec-onciliation’ and ’Material Terms’ for Pur-poses of Swap Portfolio Reconciliation’’ (RIN3038–AE17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5426. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Com-modity Credit Corporation, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Farm Storage Facility Loan (FSFL) Program; Portable Storage Facilities and Reduced Down Pay-ment for FSFL Microloans’’ (RIN0560–AI35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5427. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Single Family Housing Guarantee Loan Program’’ ((7 CFR Part 3555) (RIN0575–AD04)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5428. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal years 2003 through 2012 Oper-ations and Maintenance, Army National Guard, and was assigned case number 12–07; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–5429. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5430. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of General Frank Gorenc, United States Air Force, and his advance-ment to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5431. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.037 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3025 May 19, 2016 
EC–5432. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Short Supply License Require-ments on Exports of Crude Oil’’ (RIN0694– AG83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5433. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pass- Through Share Insurance for Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts’’ (RIN3133–AE49) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5434. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Invest-ment and Deposit Activities—Bank Notes’’ (RIN3133–AE55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5435. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Registration of Securities Transfer Agents’’ (RIN3064–AE41) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5436. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, with respect to the Central African Re-public; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5437. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5438. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 on November 14, 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5439. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, with respect to Sudan; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5440. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Evaluation by the Office of Nuclear Reactor Regulation for Topical Report WCAP–17096- NP, Revision 2 ’Reactor Internals Accept-ance Criteria Methodology and Data Re-quirements’’’ (Project No. 669) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5441. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Self-employment Tax Treatment of Partners in a Partnership that Owns a Disregarded Entity’’ ((RIN1545– BM87) (TD 9766)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5442. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘List of Automatic Changes in Method of Accounting’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5443. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of the Legal Adviser, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Public Ac-cess to Information’’ (RIN1400–AD44) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 12, 2016; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5444. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a Determination and Cer-tification under Section 40A of the Arms Ex-port Control Act relative to countries not cooperating fully with United States antiterrorism efforts; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5445. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–024); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5446. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–147); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5447. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘United States Tobacco Product Exports That Do Not Conform to Tobacco Product Standards’’ ; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5448. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Occupational Safety and Health, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Improving Tracking of Workplace Injuries and Illnesses’’ (RIN1218–AC49) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 12, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5449. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, Office of Equal Employment Opportunity, Central Intelligence Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5450. A communication from the Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Semiannual Management Report on the Sta-tus of Audits for the period from October 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5451. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–88) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5452. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Improvement in Design-Build Construction Process’’ ((RIN9000–AN10) (FAC 2005–88)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5453. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Basic Safeguarding of Con-tractor Information Systems’’ ((RIN9000– AM19) (FAC 2005–88)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5454. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Simplified Acquisition Thresh-old for Overseas Acquisitions in Support of Humanitarian or Peacekeeping Operations’’ ((RIN9000–AN09) (FAC 2005–88)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5455. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons’’ ((RIN9000–AM87) (FAC 2005–88)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5456. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–88; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–88) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5457. A communication from the Acting Director, Planning and Policy Analysis, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees’ Group Life Insurance Program: Options B and C’’ (RIN3206–AM96) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 16, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5458. A communication from the Staff Director, U.S. Sentencing Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the compliance of federal district courts with documentation submission re-quirements; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–5459. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Place-ment of UR–144, XLR11, and AKB48 into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–417) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 12, 2016; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.010 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3026 May 19, 2016 
EC–5460. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–88; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–88) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5461. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico , and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic; 2016–2017 Rec-reational Fishing Season for Black Sea Bass’’ (RIN0648–XE542) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5462. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Com-mercial Blacktip Sharks, Aggregated Large Coastal Sharks, and Hammerhead Sharks in the Western Gulf of Mexico Sub-Region’’ (RIN0648–XE484) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5463. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE566) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5464. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XE539) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5465. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Com-mercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Management Group Re-tention Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XE531) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5466. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Vermilion Snapper’’ (RIN0648– XE506) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5467. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic’’ (RIN0648–XE533) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5468. A communication from the Acting Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico , and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2016 Recreational Fishing Seasons for Red Snapper in the Gulf of Mex-ico’’ (RIN0648–XE575) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5469. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Red Snapper Management Measures; Amendment 28; Final Rule’’ (RIN0648–BD68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5470. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE543) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5471. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Ves-sels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE516) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5472. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2016 Gulf of Alaska Pollock Seasonal Apportion-ments’’ (RIN0648–XE528) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5473. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Greenland Turbot in the Aleu-tian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE590) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5474. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area; American Fisheries Act; Amendment 111’’ (RIN0648–BF29) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5475. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE551) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5476. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Aleutian Is-lands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XE532) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5477. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic: 2016 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Gray Triggerfish; January Through June Season’’ (RIN0648–XE526) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5478. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE558) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5479. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments’’ (RIN0648–BF92) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5480. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries Of the Northeastern United States; North-east Groundfish Fishery; Fishing Year 2016; Recreational Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BF69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5481. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE499) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5482. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; At-lantic Herring Fishery; Framework Adjust-ment 4’’ (RIN0648–BE94) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5483. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.011 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3027 May 19, 2016 
Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment of Georges Bank and Southern New England/ Mid-Atlantic Yellowtail Flounder Annual Catch Limit’’ (RIN0648–XE427) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5484. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE564) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5485. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Enhanced Document Requirements and Captain Training Requirements To Support Use of the Dolphin Safe Label on Tuna Prod-ucts’’ (RIN0648–BF73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5486. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fisheries; Catch Sharing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BF60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5487. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; Fishing Restrictions for the Area of Overlap Between the Convention Areas of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commis-sion and the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission’’ (RIN0648–BF38) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce , Science, and Transportation. EC–5488. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization; Telecommuni-cations Carriers Eligible for Universal Serv-ice Support; Connect America Fund’’ ((FCC 16–38) (WC Docket No. 11–42; WC Docket No. 09–197; WC Docket No. 10–90)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5489. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Securing the United States Power Grid’’ ; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–5490. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting, pro-posed legislation relative to financial trans-parency; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5491. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Maleic anhydride; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9945–82–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry . EC–5492. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Quaternary ammonium compounds, benzylbis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)methyl, bis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)dimethylammonium salts with sepiolite; and Quaternary ammonium com-pounds, benzylbis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)methyl, bis(hydrogenated tallow alkyl)dimethylammonium salts with sapo-nite; Exemptions from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9945–76–OCSPP) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry . EC–5493. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Source Determination for Certain Emission Units in the Oil and Natural Gas Sector’’ (FRL No. 9946–55–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5494. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Air Quality State Implementa-tion Plans; Arizona; Infrastructure Require-ments to Address Interstate Transport for the 2008 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9946–58–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5495. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arkansas; New Mexico; Oklahoma; Disapproval of Greenhouse Gas Biomass Deferral, Step 2 and Minor Source Permitting Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9946–66– Region 6) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5496. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alaska; Updates to Incor-poration by Reference and Miscellaneous Re-visions’’ (FRL No. 9946–49–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5497. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Withdrawal of Approval and Dis-approval of Air Quality Implementation Plans; California; San Joaquin Valley; Con-tingency Measures for the 1997 PM2.5 Stand-ards’’ (FRL No. 9946–29–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5498. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9944–77)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5499. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Eastern Kern Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9945–24–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5500. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Oregon: Interstate Trans-port of Lead and Nitrogen Dioxide’’ (FRL No. 9946–39–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 11, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5501. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Ohio River Shoreline, Paducah, Kentucky project; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–5502. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Blue River Basin, Kansas City, Missouri project; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5503. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Cano Martin Pena Ecosystem Restoration Project, Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5504. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Turkey Creek Basin, Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri project; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5505. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Exempt External Power Supplies Under the EPS Service Parts Act of 2014’’ ((RIN1904–AD53) (Docket No. EERE–2015–BT–CRT–0013)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–5506. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual report on the Child Support Program for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5507. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Proce-dure: United States and Area Median Gross Income Figures for 2016’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–26) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5508. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Temporary Relief for Money Market Funds’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016– 31) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–5509. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.012 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3028 May 19, 2016 
report of a rule entitled ‘‘Certified Profes-sional Employer Organizations; Final and Temporary Regulations’’ ((RIN1545–BN20) (TD 9768)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5510. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Diversification Re-quirements for Variable Annuity, Endow-ment, and Life Insurance Contracts under Section 817(h)’’ (Notice 2016–32) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5511. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Additional Limita-tion on Suspension of Benefits Applicable to Certain Pension Plans Under the Multiem-ployer Pension Reform Act of 2014’’ ((RIN1545–BN24) (TD 9767)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5512. A communication from the Acting Director of Communications and Legislative Affairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Genetic Infor-mation Nondiscrimination Act’’ (RIN3046– AB02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5513. A communication from the Acting Director of Communications and Legislative Affairs, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulations under the Americans With Disabilities Act’’ (RIN3046–AB01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5514. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Antimicrobial Animal Drug Sales and Distribution Reporting’’ ((RIN0910– AG45) (Docket No. FDA–2012–N–0447)) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5515. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Deeming Tobacco Products To Be Subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as Amended by the Fam-ily Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Con-trol Act; Restrictions on the Sale and Dis-tribution of Tobacco Products and Required Warning Statements for Tobacco Products’’ ((RIN0910–AG38) (Docket No. FDA–2014–N– 0189)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5516. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Met Many Re-quirements of the Improper Payments Infor-mation Act of 2002 but Did Not Fully Comply for FY 2015’’ ; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5517. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; SOCATA Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2016–0068)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5518. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4811)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5519. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (formerly Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2015–5914)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5520. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–5813)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5521. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5432)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5522. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4204)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5523. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4810)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5524. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1426)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5525. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1277)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5526. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0775)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5527. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4817)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5528. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8136)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5529. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5458)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5530. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0075)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5531. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3147)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5532. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2959)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5533. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–2464)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.013 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3029 May 19, 2016 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5534. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0333)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5535. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4112)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5536. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Textron Aviation, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–5457)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5537. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; BAE Systems (Operations) Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1279)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5538. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–4076)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5539. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (Formerly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4809)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5540. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; GE Aviation Czech s.r.o. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2016–3692)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5541. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; South Bend, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3771)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5542. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Aviation Training Device Credit for Pilot Certifi-cation’’ ((RIN2120–AK71) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1846)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5543. A communication from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Positive Train Control Systems’’ (RIN2130– AC56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 17, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–166. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Alaska opposing the decisions of the Obama Administration to cancel future lease sales in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas, urging the United States Department of the Interior to continue including the Chukchi Sea and Beaufort Sea lease sales in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program, and urging the Obama Administra-tion to support ongoing efforts to develop offshore oil and gas in the Arctic Outer Con-tinental Shelf responsibly; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H
OUSE RESOLVE NO. 7 Whereas the official Arctic policy of the state, passed by the Twenty-Ninth Alaska State Legislature, states that ‘‘It is the pol-icy of the state, as it relates to the Arctic, to uphold the state’s commitment to economi-cally vibrant communities sustained by de-velopment activities consistent with the state’s responsibility for a healthy environ-ment’’; and Whereas the Alaska Arctic Policy Commis-sion advises the state, in its list of strategic recommendations, to ‘‘promote prudent oil and gas exploration and development in the Arctic’’; and Whereas the United States Bureau of Ocean Energy Management estimates that there are 23,000,000,000 barrels and 104,410,000,000,000 cubic feet of undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and natural gas in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas; and Whereas hundreds of exploration and devel-opment wells have been safely and respon-sibly drilled in state and federal water off the coast of the state, including in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas; and WHEREAS the economic future of the state and the energy security and strategic global position of the nation stand to benefit greatly from development of the state’s outer continental shelf; and Whereas the state has a rich history of de-veloping its resources in a sustainable and responsible manner; and Whereas development of the state’s outer continental shelf is a well-understood under-taking, and Alaskans have the benefit of over half a century’s experience in managing Arctic development; and Whereas the Trans Alaska Pipeline Sys-tem, a national strategic infrastructure asset, is running at one-quarter of through-put capacity and would benefit from addi-tional future oil supply; and Whereas Alaskans, including those living closest to the resource on the North Slope, benefit from outer continental shelf explo-ration through direct employment, business opportunities, and government revenue; and Whereas there are many synergies between the types of infrastructure that would facili-tate Arctic oil and gas exploration and devel-opment and the infrastructure needs of local communities, the state, and elements of the United States Coast Guard and Navy; and Whereas, in January of 2015, the United States Department of the Interior published a draft 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program that proposed one lease sale each in the Chukchi Sea and Beau-fort Sea Planning Areas; and Whereas the federal government has lim-ited immediate opportunities in several areas in the Arctic, including, most impor-tantly, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, the National Petroleum Reserve—Alaska, and the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf; and Whereas, on October 16, 2015, the United States Department of the Interior cancelled future outer continental shelf oil and gas lease sales in the Chukchi Sea Planning Area and Beaufort Sea Planning Area, scheduled for 2016 and 2017, respectively; Now, there-fore, be it Resolved that the Alaska House of Rep-resentatives opposes the recent decisions of the Obama Administration to cancel future lease sales in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas; and be it further Resolved that the Alaska House of Rep-resentatives urges the United States Depart-ment of the Interior to continue including the Chukchi Sea and Beaufort Sea lease sales in the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program; and be it further Resolved that the Alaska House of Rep-resentatives urges the Obama Administra-tion to support ongoing efforts to develop offshore oil and gas in the Arctic Outer Con-tinental Shelf responsibly and to acknowl-edge the support of Alaskans. Copies of this resolution shall be sent to the Honorable Barack Obama, President of the United States; the Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr., Vice President of the United States and President of the U.S. Senate; the Honorable Sally Jewell, United States Sec-retary of the Interior; Brian Salerno, Direc-tor, Bureau of Safety and Environmental En-forcement; and the Honorable Lisa Mur-kowski and the Honorable Dan Sullivan, U.S. Senators, and the Honorable Don Young, U.S. Representative, members of the Alaska delegation in Congress. 
POM–167. A resolution adopted by the House of Representatives of the State of Florida condemning the international Boy-cott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement against the State of Israel and calls upon its governmental institutions to denounce hatred and discrimination when-ever they appear; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. H
OUSE RESOLUTION 1001 Whereas, the citizens of the State of Flor-ida have long opposed bigotry, oppression, discrimination, and injustice as a matter of public policy, and Whereas, Florida and Israel have enjoyed a long history of friendship and are great allies in support of each other’s interests, and Whereas, the State of Israel, the only de-mocracy in the Middle East. is the greatest friend and ally of the United States in that region, and Whereas, the elected representatives of the state recognize the importance of expressing Florida’s unwavering support of the Jewish people and the State of Israel’s right to exist and right to self-defense, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.014 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3030 May 19, 2016 
Whereas, there are increasing incidents of anti-Semitism throughout the world, includ-ing in the United States and in Florida, re-flected in official hate crime statistics, and Whereas, the international Boycott, Di-vestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement is one of the main vehicles for spreading anti- Semitic perspectives and advocating the elimination of the Jewish State, and Whereas, activities promoting Boycott, Di-vestment, and Sanctions against Israel have increased in the State of Florida, including on university campuses and in other Florida communities, and contribute to the pro-motion of anti-Semitic and anti-Zionist propaganda, and Whereas, the increase in BDS campaign ac-tivities on college campuses around the country has resulted in increased confronta-tion, intimidation, and discrimination against Jewish students, and Whereas, leaders of the BDS movement ex-press that their goal is to eliminate Israel as the national home of the Jewish people, and Whereas, the BDS campaign’s call for aca-demic and cultural boycotts has been con-demned by many of our nation’s largest aca-demic associations, more than 250 university presidents and many other leading scholars as a violation of the bedrock principle of academic freedom: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the State of Florida; That the Florida House of Representatives condemns the international Boycott, Divest-ment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement against the State of Israel and calls upon its governmental institutions to denounce ha-tred and discrimination whenever they ap-pear; and be it further Resolved that copies of this resolution be presented to the President of the United States, the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representa-tives, and the Israeli Embassy in Wash-ington, D.C., for transmission to the proper authorities of the State of Israel as a tan-gible token of the sentiments expressed here-in. 
POM–168. A resolution passed by the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii, encour-aging and supporting the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic’s continuing efforts to guarantee its citizens those rights inherent in a free and independent society and urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to support the inter-national community’s efforts to reach a just and lasting solution to security issues in the strategically important South Caucasus re-gion; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. POM–169. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to United States cur-rency; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. POM–170. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mrs. CAPITO, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 2955. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–258). By Mr. MORAN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 2956. An original bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–259). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 469. A resolution commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 Easter Ris-ing, a seminal moment in the journey of Ire-land to independence. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. 2942. A bill to extend certain privileges and immunities to the Gulf Cooperation Council. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion. *Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. *Matthew Rhett Jeppson, of Florida, to be Director of the Mint for a term of five years. *Lisa M. Fairfax, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2020. *Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 5, 2016. *Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomination lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nominations beginning with Mariano J. Beillard and ending with William G. Verzani, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 14, 2016. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Ronald G. Russell, of Utah, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah. Inga S. Bernstein, of Massachusetts, to be United States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts. Stephanie A. Gallagher, of Maryland, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland. Suzanne Mitchell, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P AUL, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2952. A bill to prevent the proposed amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure from taking effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. 2953. A bill to promote patient-centered care and accountability at the Indian Health Service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. McC
ASKILL ): S. 2954. A bill to establish the Ste. Gene-vieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. CAPITO: S. 2955. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2956. An original bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2957. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the Moon; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. FISCHER: S. 2958. A bill to establish a pilot program on partnership agreements to construct new facilities for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. McCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 2959. A bill to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B
OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 2960. A bill to establish certain duties for pharmacies to ensure provision of Food and Drug Administration-approved contra-ception, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2961. A bill to improve end-of-life care; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 2962. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.019 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3031 May 19, 2016 
By Mr. MARKEY: S. 2963. A bill to provide for grants to clean technology consortia to enhance the eco-nomic, environmental, and energy security of the United States by promoting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 2964. A bill to eliminate or modify cer-tain mandates of the Government Account-ability Office; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. Con. Res. 38. A concurrent resolution re-affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan relations; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Con. Res. 39. A concurrent resolution honoring the members of the United States Air Force who were casualties of the June 25, 1996, terrorist bombing of the United States Sector Khobar Towers military housing com-plex on Dhahran Air Base; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 134 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 134, a bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 461 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 461, a bill to provide for alternative fi-nancing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construc-tion and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 471, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. MENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more ef-fective implementation and coordina-tion of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 1088 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1088, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for voter reg-istration through the Internet, and for other purposes. 
S. 1378 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1378, a bill to strength-en employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Govern-ment. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated serv-ice of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1874, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 2015 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2015, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint em-ployers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 2212 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2212, a bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require all political committees to notify the Fed-eral Election Commission within 48 hours of receiving cumulative con-tributions of $1,000 or more from any contributor during a calendar year, and for other purposes. 
S. 2216 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2216, a bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individ-uals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citi-zens, and for other purposes. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. MARKEY ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or investment-re-lated boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2551 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2551, a bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and mass atrocities, which threat-en national and international security, by enhancing United States civilian ca-pacities to prevent and mitigate such crises. 
S. 2596 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2596, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, perma-nent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same man-ner and to the same extent as retired members of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 2613 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2613, a bill to reauthorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. 
S. 2686 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2686, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint em-ployers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act. 
S. 2780 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2780, a bill to amend section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to strengthen the cer-tification requirements relating to the transfer or release of detainees at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 and the High-er Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from income for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become disabled. 
S. 2817 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2817, a bill to improve un-derstanding and forecasting of space weather events, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.025 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3032 May 19, 2016 
S. 2825 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2825, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to require compliance with domestic source requirements for footwear fur-nished to enlisted members of the Armed Forces upon their initial entry into the Armed Forces. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to amend the National Dam Safety Program Act to establish a pro-gram to provide grant assistance for the rehabilitation and repair of high hazard potential dams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2849 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from Michi-gan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2849, a bill to ensure the Gov-ernment Accountability Office has ade-quate access to information. 
S. 2892 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2892, a bill to accelerate the use of wood in buildings, especially tall wood buildings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Sen-ator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unapproved medical products by patients diagnosed with a terminal illness in accordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, to improve health care and bene-fits for veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2932 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2932, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to the provision of emergency medical services. S. 2941 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2941, a bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 28 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 28, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Secretary of Agriculture relating to inspection of fish of the order Siluriformes. 
S. CON. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 35, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regard-ing the Israeli-Palestinian peace proc-ess. 
S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing support of the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to re-affirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution supporting respect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 459 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 459, a resolution recognizing the importance of cancer research and the vital contributions of scientists, clinicians, cancer survivors, and other patient advocates across the United States who are dedicated to finding a cure for cancer, and designating May 2016, as ‘‘National Cancer Research Month’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3897 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3897 proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 3956 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3956 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4012 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4012 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4039 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4039 proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. At the request of Ms. A
YOTTE , her name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4039 proposed to H.R. 2577, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4051 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4051 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. T ESTER ): S. 2952. A bill to prevent the proposed amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure from tak-ing effect; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I, along with my colleague Senator P
AUL from Kentucky, Senator B
ALDWIN from Wisconsin, and Senators D
AINES and T
ESTER from Montana, am introducing the Stopping Mass Hacking Act, S. 2952, a bill to protect millions of law- abiding Americans from Government hacking. On April 28, 2016, at the request of the Department of Justice, the U.S. Fed-eral Courts recommended administra-tive changes to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.026 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3033 May 19, 2016 
that governs search and seizure proce-dure. The changes have been approved by the Supreme Court, and pursuant to the Rules Enabling Act the amend-ments take effect on December 1, 2016, absent Congressional action. Despite the seriousness of the changes, Con-gress has not spoken on the subject. It should. Making changes like this sim-ply by administrative fiat is not good enough. So, today, Senator P
AULand I introduce this bill. The administrative changes will pro-vide a magistrate judge with the au-thority to issue a warrant for remote electronic searches of devices located anywhere in the world when law en-forcement does not know the location of the device. While it may be appro-priate to address the issue of allowing a remote electronic search for a device at an unknown location, Congress needs to consider what protections must be in place to protect Americans’ digital security and privacy. This is a new and uncertain area of law, so there needs to be full and careful debate. The second part of the change to Rule 41 gives a magistrate judge the authority to issue a single warrant that would authorize the search of a large number—potentially thousands or millions—of devices that can cover any number of searches in any jurisdic-tion. These changes would dramati-cally expand the government’s hacking and surveillance authority. The Amer-ican public should understand that these changes will not just affect criminals: computer security experts and civil liberties advocates say the amendments would also dramatically expand the government’s ability to hack the electronic devices of law-abid-ing Americans if their devices were af-fected by a computer attack. Finally, these changes to Rule 41 would also give some types of elec-tronic searches different, weaker noti-fication requirements than physical searches. This raises the possibility of the FBI hacking into a person’s com-puter after they are the victim of a cyber attack and not telling them about it until afterward, if at all. Under this new rule, they are only re-quired to make ‘‘reasonable efforts’’ to notify people that their computers were searched. You can see how that might be problematic. It could lead to circumstances in which law-abiding Americans are not told that the gov-ernment has secretly hacked into their computer. These changes are a major policy shift that will impact Americans’ dig-ital security, the government’s surveil-lance powers and the Fourth Amend-ment. Part of the problem is the simple fact that both the American public and security experts know so little about how the government goes about hack-ing a computer to search it. If a vic-tim’s Fourth Amendment rights are violated, it might not be readily appar-ent because of the highly technical na-ture of the methods used to execute the warrant. As a body of elected representatives, it is Congress’s job to make sure we do not let the Executive Branch run roughshod over our constituents’ rights. That is why action is so impor-tant: this is a policy question that should be debated by Congress. Al-though the Department of Justice has tried to describe this rule change as simply a matter of judicial venue, sometimes a difference in scale really is a difference in kind. By allowing so many searches with the order of just a single judge, Congress’s failure to act on this issue would be a disaster for law-abiding Americans. When the pub-lic realizes what is at stake, I think there is going to be a massive outcry: Americans will look at Congress and say, ‘‘What were you thinking?’’ I am here today, introducing this leg-islation, to sound an alarm. This rule change would could have a massive im-pact on Americans’ digital security and privacy, and I plan on spending the next seven months making sure my colleagues fully understand the huge ramifications of inaction. I thank my colleague Senator P
AUL for his efforts on this bill, and I hope the Judiciary Committee will consider our proposal quickly. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 38—REAFFIRMING THE TAI-WAN RELATIONS ACT AND THE SIX ASSURANCES AS CORNER-STONES OF UNITED STATES-TAI-WAN RELATIONS Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. C ON. RES. 38 Whereas the Cold War years cemented the close friendship between the United States and Taiwan, with Taiwan as an anti-Com-munist ally in the Asia-Pacific; Whereas United States economic aid pre-vented Taiwan from sliding into an economic depression in the 1950s and greatly contrib-uted to the island’s later economic takeoff; Whereas Taiwan has flourished to become a beacon of democracy in Asia and leading trade partner for the United States, and the relationship has endured for more than 65 years through many shifts in Asia’s geo-political landscape; Whereas the strong relationship between the United States and Taiwan is based on mutually beneficial security, commercial, and cultural ties; Whereas Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton stated in her testi-mony before the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives on Feb-ruary 11, 2016, that ‘‘the people on Taiwan have built a prosperous, free, and orderly so-ciety with strong institutions, worthy of emulation and envy’’; Whereas Deputy Secretary of State Antony J. Blinken stated on March 29, 2016, that with Taiwan’s January 2016 elections, ‘‘the people of Taiwan showed the world again what a mature, Chinese-speaking democracy looks like’’; Whereas, on January 1, 1979, when the Car-ter Administration established diplomatic relations with the People’s Republic of China (PRC), it ended formal diplomatic ties with the Republic of China on Taiwan; Whereas the United States Congress acted swiftly to reaffirm the United States-Taiwan relationship with the enactment of the Tai-wan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8) just 100 days later, ensuring the United States main-tained a robust and enduring relationship with Taiwan; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act was en-acted on April 10, 1979, codifying into law the basis for continued commercial, cultural, and other relations between the United States and Taiwan; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act was en-acted ‘‘to help maintain peace, security, and stability in the Western Pacific,’’ all of which ‘‘are in the political, security, and economic interests of the United States and are matters of international concern’’; Whereas the United States Congress sig-nificantly strengthened the draft legislation originally submitted by the Executive Branch to include provisions concerning Tai-wan’s security in the Taiwan Relations Act; Whereas then-Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Kin Moy stated in his testimony be-fore the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on March 14, 2014, that ‘‘[o]ur enduring relationship under the Taiwan Relations Act represents a unique asset for the United States and is an impor-tant multiplier of our influence in the re-gion,’’ and credited the Taiwan Relations Act for having ‘‘played such a key part in protecting Taiwan’s freedom of action and United States interests the last 35 years in the Asia-Pacific area’’; Whereas then-Special Assistant to the President and National Security Council Senior Director for Asian Affairs Evan Medeiros noted in March 2014, ‘‘The Taiwan Relations Act is an important and it’s an en-during expression to the people of Taiwan about our commitment to their well-being, their security, their economic autonomy, and their international space.’’; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act states that ‘‘the United States decision to establish diplomatic relations with the People’s Re-public of China rests upon the expectation that the future of Taiwan will be determined by peaceful means’’; Whereas the Taiwan Relations Act states that it is the policy of the United States to ‘‘provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character and to maintain the capacity of the United States to resist any resort to force or other forms of coercion that would jeopardize the security, or the social or eco-nomic system, of the people on Taiwan’’; Whereas each successive United States Ad-ministration since the enactment of the Tai-wan Relations Act has provided arms of a de-fensive character to Taiwan; Whereas a 2015 Department of Defense re-port to Congress on Military and Security Developments Involving the People’s Repub-lic of China stated that, ‘‘Preparing for po-tential conflict in the Taiwan Strait remains the focus and primary driver of China’s mili-tary investment’’; Whereas the United States has an abiding interest in the preservation of cross-Strait peace and stability, and in peace and sta-bility in the entire Asia-Pacific region; Whereas, on July 14, 1982, as the United States negotiated with the People’s Republic of China over the wording of a joint communique´related to United States arms sales to Taiwan, President Ronald Reagan instructed his representative in Taiwan, American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) Director James R. Lilley, to relay a set of assurances 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.035 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3034 May 19, 2016 
orally to Taiwan’s then-President Chiang Ching-kuo; Whereas testimony before the Senate and the House of Representatives immediately after the issuance of the August 17, 1982, Joint Communique´with the People’s Repub-lic of China, then-Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs John H. Holdridge stated on behalf of the Execu-tive Branch that— (1) ‘‘. . .[w]e did not agree to set a date cer-tain for ending arms sales to Taiwan’’; (2) ‘‘. . .[w]e see no mediation role for the United States’’ between Taiwan and the PRC’’; (3) ‘‘. . .[n]or will we attempt to exert pres-sure on Taiwan to enter into negotiations with the PRC’’; (4) ‘‘. . .[t]here has been no change in our longstanding position on the issue of sov-ereignty over Taiwan’’; (5) ‘‘[w]e have no plans to seek’’ revisions to the Taiwan Relations Act; and (6) the August 17 Communique´‘‘should not be read to imply that we have agreed to en-gage in prior consultations with Beijing on arms sales to Taiwan’’; Whereas these assurances, first delivered to Taiwan’s president by AIT Director Lilley, have come to be known as the Six As-surances; Whereas in testimony before the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on October 4, 2011, then-As-sistant Secretary of State Kurt Campbell stated that the ‘‘Taiwan Relations Act, plus the so-called Six Assurances and Three Communique´s, form the foundation of our overall approach’’ to relations with Taiwan; and Whereas, in testimony before the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate on April 3, 2014, Assistant Secretary of State Daniel Russel stated that the Six Assurances ‘‘continue to play an important part as an element of our approach to Taiwan and the situation across the strait’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) affirms that the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances are both corner-stones of United States relations with Tai-wan; and (2) urges the President and the Secretary of State to affirm the Six Assurances pub-licly, proactively, and consistently as a cor-nerstone of United States-Taiwan relations. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 39—HONORING THE MEM-BERS OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE WHO WERE CASUAL-TIES OF THE JUNE 25, 1996, TER-RORIST BOMBING OF THE UNITED STATES SECTOR KHOBAR TOWERS MILITARY HOUSING COMPLEX ON DHAHRAN AIR BASE Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following concur-rent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. C ON. RES. 39 Whereas June 25, 2016, marks the twentieth anniversary of the terrorist bombing of the United States Sector Khobar Towers mili-tary housing complex on Dhahran Air Base, also known as King Abdul Aziz Royal Saudi Air Base, near Dhahran, Saudi Arabia on June 25, 1996; Whereas 19 members of the United States Air Force were killed, more than 500 other members of the Armed Forces of the United States were wounded, and approximately 297 innocent Saudi and Bangladeshi civilians were casualties in this terrorist attack; Whereas the 19 members of the United States Air Force killed in this terrorist at-tack while serving their country were Cap-tain Christopher J. Adams, Staff Sergeant Daniel B. Cafourek, Sergeant Millard D. Campbell, Senior Airmen Earl F. Cartrette, Jr., Technical Sergeant Patrick P. Fenning, Captain Leland T. Haun, Master Sergeant Michael G. Heiser, Staff Sergeant Kevin J. Johnson, Staff Sergeant Ronald L. King, Master Sergeant Kendall K. Kitson, Jr., Air-man First Class Christopher B. Lester, Air-man First Class Brent E. Marthaler, Airman First Class Brian W. McVeigh, Airman First Class Peter J. Morgera, Technical Sergeant Thanh V. Nguyen, Airman First Class Joseph E. Rimkus, Senior Airman Jeremy A. Tay-lor, Airman First Class Justin R. Wood, and Airman First Class Joshua E. Woody; Whereas the families and friends of these brave service members and the survivors of this attack still mourn their loss; Whereas the survivors of this terrorist at-tack suffer still, whether their suffering be through physical injury, mental anguish, or through the remembrance of their fallen compatriots; Whereas the Unites States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia indicted Ahmed Ibrahim al-Mughassil and 13 others on the count, among others, of conspiracy to kill United States nationals; Whereas Ahmed Ibrahim al-Mughassil is the former military chief of Hezbollah Al- Hejaz, also known as Saudi Hezbollah, a mil-itant group known to be supported by the terrorist group Hezbollah and the Islamic Republic of Iran; Whereas the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, in a civil ac-tion, found the Islamic Republic of Iran lia-ble for the bombing and ordered restitution to be paid to the service members’ families that were party to the complaint; Whereas, on or about August 26, 2015, Ahmed Ibrahim al-Mughassil was detained in Beirut, Lebanon and turned over to authori-ties of Saudi Arabia; Whereas Ahmed Ibrahim al-Mughassil re-mains listed on the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation’s most wanted terrorist list; Whereas those guilty of carrying out this terrorist attack have yet to be brought to justice; and Whereas terrorism remains an ever-present threat which members of the United States Armed Forces and other agents of the United States stand ready to combat throughout the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the terrorist bombing of the United States Sector Khobar Towers military housing complex on Dhahran Air Base, Congress— (1) recognizes the service and sacrifice of the 19 members of the United States Air Force who were killed in that attack; (2) calls upon every citizen of the United States to pause and pay tribute to those brave service members; (3) extends its continued sympathies to the families and friends of those who were killed; (4) acknowledges the anguish and resil-ience of the survivors of that attack; (5) assures the members of the United States Armed Forces and other agents of the United States serving in harm’s way throughout the world that their well-being and interests will at all times be given the highest priority; and (6) declares that any perpetrators of ter-rorist acts against members of the Armed Forces, other agents of the United States, or United States citizens will be vigorously pur-sued and finally brought to justice. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4062. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4063. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4064. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3931 submitted by Ms. C
OLLINS (for her- self and Mr. K
ING) and intended to be pro-posed to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4065. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4066. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. R OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 4067. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4062. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) each State is in the best position to de-termine the specific needs of its population experiencing housing insecurity; and (2) the Department of Housing and Urban Development should explore the possibility of devolving programs and expenditures to State and local governments when applica-ble. 
SA 4063. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.029 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3035 May 19, 2016 
amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. It is the sense of the Senate that stable, two-parent families are the best fam-ily structure for the reduction of child home-lessness. 
SA 4064. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3931 submitted by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. K ING) and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: (c) This section shall not apply until the President certifies to Congress that the Gov-ernment of Cuba has extradited or otherwise rendered to the United States all individuals in Cuba who are sought by the Department of Justice for crimes committed in the United States, including— (1) General Ruben Martinez Puente, Colo-nel Lorenzo Alberto Perez-Perez, and Colonel Francisco Perez-Perez; and (2) fugitive hijackers residing in Cuba, in-cluding Charlie Hill. (d) This section shall not apply until the President certifies to Congress that the Gov-ernment of Cuba has— (1) returned to all United States citizens, and entities for which United States citizens have an ownership interest of 50 percent or more, property confiscated from those citi-zens and entities by the Government of Cuba on or after January 1, 1959; or (2) provided equitable compensation to those citizens and entities for such con-fiscated property. (e) This section shall not apply until the President certifies to Congress that the Gov-ernment of Cuba has provided compensation to resolve all outstanding judgments against the Government of Cuba issued by a court in the United States. 
SA 4065. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the general provisions of title I in division A, add the following: S
EC. lll. Any bridge eligible for assist-ance under title 23, United States Code, that is structurally deficient and requires con-struction, reconstruction, or maintenance— (1) may be reconstructed in the same loca-tion with the same capacity and dimensions as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) if the environmental impacts of the construction, reconstruction, or mainte-nance are not substantially greater than the environmental impacts of the original struc-ture, as determined by the applicable State environmental authority, shall be considered to be compliant with the environmental re-views, approvals, licensing, and permit re-quirements under— (A) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) sections 402 and 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344); (C) division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code; (D) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.); (E) the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.); (F) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.); (G) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), except when the recon-struction occurs in designated critical habi-tat for threatened and endangered species; (H) Executive Order 11990 (42 U.S.C. 4321 note; relating to the protection of wetland); and (I) any Federal law (including regulations) requiring no net loss of wetland. SA 4066. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X add the following: 
SEC. 1097. TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY. 
Section 2 of the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 152) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or any enterprise or institution owned and operated by an Indian tribe and located on its Indian lands,’’ after ‘‘subdivision thereof’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) The term ‘Indian tribe’ means any In-dian tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other or-ganized group or community which is recog-nized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to In-dians because of their status as Indians. ‘‘(16) The term ‘Indian’ means any indi-vidual who is a member of an Indian tribe. ‘‘(17) The term ‘Indian lands’ means— ‘‘(A) all lands within the limits of any In-dian reservation; ‘‘(B) any lands title to which is either held in trust by the United States for the benefit of any Indian tribe or individual or held by any Indian tribe or individual subject to re-striction by the United States against alien-ation; and ‘‘(C) any lands in the State of Oklahoma that are within the boundaries of a former reservation (as defined by the Secretary of the Interior) of a federally recognized Indian tribe.’’. 
SA 4067. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY LEASES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facil-ity leases at the locations specified and in an amount for each lease not to exceed the amount specified for such location (not in-cluding any estimated cancellation costs): (1) For an outpatient clinic, Ann Arbor, Michigan, an amount not to exceed $17,093,000. (2) For an outpatient mental health clinic, Birmingham, Alabama, an amount not to ex-ceed $6,971,000. (3) For an outpatient specialty clinic, Bir-mingham, Alabama, an amount not to ex-ceed $10,479,000. (4) For research space, Boston, Massachu-setts, an amount not to exceed $5,497,000. (5) For research space, Charleston, South Carolina, an amount not to exceed $6,581,000. (6) For an outpatient clinic, Daytona Beach, Florida, an amount not to exceed $12,664,000. (7) For Chief Business Office Purchased Care office space, Denver, Colorado, an amount not to exceed $17,215,000. (8) For an outpatient clinic, Gainesville, Florida, an amount not to exceed $4,686,000. (9) For an outpatient clinic, Hampton Roads, Virginia, an amount not to exceed $18,124,000. (10) For research space, Mission Bay, Cali-fornia, an amount not to exceed $23,454,000. (11) For an outpatient clinic, Missoula, Montana, an amount not to exceed $7,130,000. (12) For an outpatient clinic, Northern Col-orado, Colorado, an amount not to exceed $8,776,000. (13) For an outpatient clinic, Ocala, Flor-ida, an amount not to exceed $5,279,000. (14) For an outpatient clinic, Oxnard, Cali-fornia, an amount not to exceed $6,297,000. (15) For an outpatient clinic, Pike County, Georgia, an amount not to exceed $5,757,000. (16) For an outpatient clinic, Portland, Maine, an amount not to exceed $6,846,000. (17) For an outpatient clinic, Raleigh, North Carolina, an amount not to exceed $21,607,000. (18) For an outpatient clinic, Santa Rosa, California, an amount not to exceed $6,498,000. (19) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Corpus Christi, Texas, an amount not to ex-ceed $7,452,000. (20) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Jacksonville, Florida, an amount not to ex-ceed $18,136,000. (21) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Pontiac, Michigan, an amount not to exceed $4,532,000. (22) For a replacement outpatient clinic, phase II, Rochester, New York, an amount not to exceed $6,901,000. (23) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Tampa, Florida, an amount not to exceed $10,568,000. (24) For a replacement outpatient clinic, Terre Haute, Indiana, an amount not to ex-ceed $4,475,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.036 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3036 May 19, 2016 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, at 10:15 a.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Farm Credit System: Oversight and Outlook of the Current Economic Climate.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Treaties.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, 11:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 19, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct an executive busi-ness meeting. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND THE  
NATIONAL INTEREST  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD– 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘De-clining Deportations and Increasing Criminal Alien Releases—The Lawless Immigration Polices of the Obama Ad-ministration.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON SECURITIES , INSURANCE , AND 
INVESTMENT  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, Subcommittee on Secu-rities, Insurance, and Investment, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2016, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Communities’ and Businesses’ Access to Capital and Economic Develop-ment.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT—S. 2613 Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 4:30 p.m., Monday, May 23, the Senate pro-ceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 422, S. 2613, and that there be 1 hour of debate equally divided in the usual form. I further ask that the Grassley amendment be agreed to, the committee-reported substitute amend-ment, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of S. 2613, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE 1916 EASTER RISING Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 476, S. Res. 469. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 469) commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 Easter Ris-ing, a seminal moment in the journey of Ire-land to independence. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 469) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of May 18, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, May 23; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 4:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016, AT 3 P.M. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:21 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 23, 2016, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
YSAYE M. BARNWELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2022, VICE MARIA LOPEZ DE LEON, TERM EXPIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
RENA BITTER, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE LAO PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC. ANNE S. CASPER, OF NEVADA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BURUNDI. SUNG Y. KIM, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. GEOFFREY R. PYATT, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO GREECE. DOUGLAS ALAN SILLIMAN, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF IRAQ. MARIE L. YOVANOVITCH, OF CONNECTICUT, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO UKRAINE. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. EDWARD C. CARDON 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: JOCELYN N. ADAMS, OF VIRGINIA KALEY MELISSA ALBERTY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA ALEXANDER S. ALLEN, OF OREGON ADRIENNE E. BARTLETT, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY JOHN BARTLEY, OF VIRGINIA JOHN DANIEL BEARY, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.033 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3037 May 19, 2016 
SHON STEPHEN BELCHER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA DAVID LEE BIELSKI, OF FLORIDA PATRICK MICHAEL BLUE, OF VIRGINIA KRISTI LEIGH BODEN-JOHNSON, OF MARYLAND KEVIN DREW BOYD, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN M. BOZEK, OF VIRGINIA LON A. BRAMAN, OF VIRGINIA JEREMY MUDIE BRAVEBOY-WAGNER, OF NEW YORK RICHARD ALAN BRAZENER, OF VIRGINIA KELLY ANN BROUSE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CRAIGORY MOSES BROWN, JR., OF MARYLAND NICHOLAS HOCKIN BROWN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA MIMOZA KONOMI BURWELL, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL C. BUSCH, OF VIRGINIA PEDRO G. CAMPO-BOUE, OF FLORIDA CHRIS CARLISLE, OF GEORGIA ALEXANDER JOSEPH CASNOCHA, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES JOSEPH CAULKINS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA DESIREE GERMAIN CAUSEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA BARRY CHANG, OF VIRGINIA JOON PATRICK CHANG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA EILEEN CHO, OF VIRGINIA JASMIN SUNGAH CHO, OF WASHINGTON ANTHONY JOHN CIRCHARO, OF FLORIDA JEREMY H. CLOONEY, OF VIRGINIA DAVID ANTHONY COLTHART, OF VIRGINIA MEAGHAN KATHERINE CONSIDINE, OF VIRGINIA ALLYSON JUILLETTE CORNISH, OF FLORIDA ILONA MARGARET EMODY COYLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ERIN FORD COZENS, OF VIRGINIA SARAH CRAWFORD, OF VIRGINIA JOHN M. CRESWELL, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN TODD DANFORTH, OF VIRGINIA MARGARET LOUISE DENYS-MAGEE, OF VIRGINIA DANIELLE K. DERBES, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE E. DIAL, OF VIRGINIA JUSTIN ELTON DISHER, OF VIRGINIA WYATT MATTHEW DUEA, OF COLORADO SUSAE JANANI ELANCHENNY, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL HALL ELLIOTT, OF VIRGINIA DANIELE FAIETA, OF PENNSYLVANIA LINDSAY CATHERINE FAIR, OF ILLINOIS LESLIE M. FENTON, OF CALIFORNIA JEAN M. FOSTER, OF COLORADO LAURA ANNE GALLAGHER, OF CALIFORNIA FRANCENE SHAKAHRA GASKIN, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS JOSEPH GEBOY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA ELIZABETH ANNE GEE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TRAVIS JOHN GLYNN, OF WISCONSIN MATTHEW B. GRECO, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW PAUL GREENOUGH, OF MASSACHUSETTS BARBARA L. GRUB, OF WASHINGTON CASSANDRA GUNTER, OF VIRGINIA KELSEY LYNN GUYETTE, OF COLORADO DAVID JOSEPH HAIMSKY, OF VIRGINIA ISAAC SAMUEL HANSEN-JOSEPH, OF CALIFORNIA JULIANA ELIZABETH HANSON, OF NORTH CAROLINA LINDSAY DIANE HARRISON, OF MONTANA SOTHY S. HAY, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY IAN HISH, OF VIRGINIA AMY RUTH HOCKING, OF KANSAS SCOTT B. HOEFER, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER OAKLEY HOFIUS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA ANNEKE MARIE HOLQUIST, OF VIRGINIA DAVID CHARLES HORN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LYNDSEY PAIGE HOVDE, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA MARIE KARLOW, OF MISSOURI RAE D. KARTCHNER, OF VIRGINIA WHITNEY SUZANNE KAZRAGIS, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER E. KENNEDY, OF FLORIDA ARIN M. KEYSER, OF VIRGINIA SONGJOON J. KIM, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA JOHN KOWERT, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY THOMAS KRAMB, OF VIRGINIA JULIEN JAMES TORNEY KREUZE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANN H. KU, OF WASHINGTON DYLAN ROSS KYTOLA, OF MARYLAND NICKLAUS LAVERTY, OF MAINE JASON SEAN LEAHEY, OF VIRGINIA SHEILA MARIE LEONARD, OF VIRGINIA CORI LOMBARD, OF MASSACHUSETTS AARON PAUL LOOR, OF NEW YORK AARON JOSEPH LOVELL, OF ILLINOIS SARAH F. MADDEN, OF GEORGIA MATTHEW JOSEPH THOMA MANZELLA, OF MARYLAND NEIL TORREY MARSHALL, OF VIRGINIA DAVID W. MARTIN, OF VIRGINIA C.C. MARIPOSA MASOTTI, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN S. MCBRIDE, OF VIRGINIA ALLISON BETH MCCOY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRENDAN MCGOVERN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WILLIAM MCLEAN MCGREGOR, OF TEXAS SEAN HOWARD MCLEOD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRADFORD O’HARA MIKLAVIC, OF VIRGINIA FAITH ANNA MILLER, OF VIRGINIA ALISHA A. MINTER, OF MARYLAND JEFFREY A. MOORE, OF VIRGINIA CAMERON J. MORENCY, OF VIRGINIA ERIN K. MURTY, OF VIRGINIA SEAN PATRICK MYERS, OF VIRGINIA ANDINA NAGLER, OF VIRGINIA RUSTUM GEORGE NYQUIST, OF NEW YORK BRITANN ELIZABETH O’BRIEN, OF ARIZONA RAMON MARIA OLIVIER, OF NEBRASKA ANDREI STEFAN PARVAN, OF COLORADO BROOKE ASHLEY PECKINS, OF VIRGINIA HOLLY RENEE PELAS, OF LOUISIANA BRITTANY PAIGE ELIZABETH PETERSEN, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT PFOST, OF VIRGINIA HEIDI K. PIEDISCALZI, OF MARYLAND JOHN PILETICH, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW D. PODOBINSKI, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDRA LENA POMEROY, OF VIRGINIA NATHAN POSEY, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW MICHAEL POULSON, OF VIRGINIA BRET PROVINCE, OF VIRGINIA MARC A. PYLES, OF VIRGINIA SITA ALETHEIA RAITER, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER JOHN RAMOS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JOHN RESHWAN, OF VIRGINIA JOHN WESLEY ROBBINS, OF NORTH CAROLINA CANDICE P. ROBERTON, OF VIRGINIA COLLETTE NICOLE ROBERTS, OF VIRGINIA MARK ROBINSON, OF VIRGINIA ERIC JOHN RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT D. RODRIGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA PAUL ANDREW ROELLE, OF PENNSYLVANIA JUAN CARLOS ROMAN GONZALEZ, OF VIRGINIA CARA MARIE ROSE, OF OREGON TIMOTHY G. RUBERTON, OF MISSOURI JENNINE ROSE RUDNITSKI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JOHN MICHAEL RUHSENBERGER, OF COLORADO JOHN JOSEPH RYAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KELLY R. RYAN, OF VIRGINIA SEAN CHARLES RYAN, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA S. SAMET, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA GLEDISA SANXHAKU, OF PENNSYLVANIA CHRISTINA J. SAUNDERS, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY BRUCE SCHAFFNER, OF VIRGINIA CRAIG G. SCHMAUS, OF VIRGINIA RYAN MATTHEW SCHRECK, OF WASHINGTON DANIEL E. SCOTT, OF MINNESOTA WILLIAM E. SHELTON III, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHER JAMES SHERMAN, OF FLORIDA DANIEL L. SHOENFELT, OF VIRGINIA SHANNON MARIE SIBAYAN, OF TEXAS BENSON SIWEK, OF TEXAS ADAM GLENN SMITH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WILLIAM DOUGLAS SMITH, JR., OF VIRGINIA JAMES CARL SMYTHERS, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN C. SOLOMON, OF CALIFORNIA CIGDEM ZEYNEP SOYLUOGLU–HOYT, OF CALIFORNIA PERRY STAMP, OF FLORIDA TYLER J. STODDARD, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL ANTANAS STRELKAUSKAS, OF VIRGINIA OREN LEONARD STRUCK, OF MINNESOTA DARREN BIRNBAUM SULLIVAN, OF NEW YORK JENNIFER MICHELE SUTTON, OF WASHINGTON KRISTEN RENEE SVARCZKOPF, OF VIRGINIA MORGAN LEIGH VOELTZ SWANSON, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE HOLMES TENEROWICZ, OF MARYLAND ALICE MARIE TOBIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TERESA NGOC NHI TRAN, OF VIRGINIA RYAN PATRICK TRAVIS, OF VIRGINIA QUAN TRINH, OF TEXAS NIKHIL RAJNIKANT UNADKAT, OF COLORADO THEO JORGE VAN LINGEN, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN BLAKE VAUGHAN, OF TENNESSEE KIMBERLY ANN VERKUILEN, OF WISCONSIN BRADFORD NILES VICK, OF OREGON ASHLEY WELLENS, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS WEXLER, OF MASSACHUSETTS STEPHEN KEICH WHICKER, OF VIRGINIA JEREMY JON WIDENHOFER, OF VIRGINIA CHAD M. WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT ALAN WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA TAMARA LYN PICARDO RIVERA WILSON, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN MICHELLE WISEMAN, OF TEXAS ROBERT JAMES WOODS, OF VIRGINIA NICOLAS ISAO WORDEN, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN JOSEPH ZACHERL, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.017 S19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE745 May 19, 2016 
SUMTER LAW ENFORCEMENT PRAYER BREAKFAST 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, as the nation pauses to celebrate 25 years of federal rec-ognition of National Police Week, I rise to pay tribute to law enforcement officers in South Carolina and across the country who serve and protect our families and communities every day. Earlier this month, I had the opportunity to speak at a prayer breakfast in my hometown of Sumter, South Carolina. The prayer break-fast was hosted by the Sumter County Sher-iff’s Department and the City of Sumter Police Department. I am grateful Sheriff Anthony Dennis honored me with his invitation to speak at the prayer breakfast. The theme for the event was, ‘‘Badge of Honor,’’ which is fitting because when our brave men and women serve our communities day in and day out, they bring great personal honor to their duties. Police work is often dan-gerous and too frequently thankless, so I think it’s important for those of us in elected office to pause and say sincerely, thank you. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of National Po-lice Week, I want to say thank you to the law enforcement officers and their families in South Carolina and throughout this great land. 
f 
REAFFIRMATION OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT AND THE SIX ASSURANCES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 16, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 88 reaffirm-ing the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) and the six assurances as cornerstones of the United States-Taiwan relations. Since its enactment, the TRA has played an indispensable role in shaping U.S.-Taiwan re-lations, resulting in a mutually-beneficial rela-tionship that encourages strong security, cul-tural, and economic ties. The TRA is unique because it is the only law to govern nearly every aspect of U.S. rela-tions within a foreign government in the ab-sence of diplomatic relations. Taiwan’s story is unique in that it is an ex-ample to the world of the potential of a coun-try. Indeed, Taiwan and the United States share many values including: 1. a commitment to democracy; 2. a commitment to human rights and the rule of law; and 3. a commitment to economic prosperity. Maintaining and deepening our strong rela-tions with Taiwan is an important part of U.S. engagement in Asia, a region of great and growing importance to the United States. This includes a vital security and strategic interest within the Taiwan Strait, where United States troops are stationed within the Taiwan Strait region. Further, Taiwan has grown to become America’s ninth-largest overall trading partner and our seventh-largest destination for agricul-tural exports. Indeed, I am particularly proud that as a Member of the Congressional Caucus on Tai-wan, my colleagues and I can serve an impor-tant role in strengthening bilateral relations by engaging our counterparts in Taiwan. Not too long ago, we commemorated the 37th anniversary of the enactment of the Tai-wan Relations Act. I encourage my colleagues to continue to join me in support of and in promotion of our bilateral relations with Taiwan. Mr. Speaker, I commend the speech deliv-ered by Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou on March 30, 2016, in which he emphasized the strong and abiding friendship between Taiwan and the United States, which was integral to Taiwan’s transformation into the free, pros-perous, and just society it is today. President Ma also spoke of Taiwan’s future through the lens of three key issues: 1. cross-strait relations; 2. energy; and 3. economic development. President Ma also mentioned that through the effort to seek peace, Taiwan has become a peacemaker and provider of humanitarian aid. I also want to congratulate Taiwan on the January 16, 2016 election of the first female President to be elected—Dr. Tsai Ing-wen. Mr. Speaker, the inauguration of President Dr. Tsai Ing-wen is the third peaceful transition of power in Taiwan’s democratic history. The United States congratulates the people and government of Taiwan on the election of President Tsai Ing-wen and Taiwan’s enduring and strong commitment to nurturing democ-racy, human rights and the rule-of-law. This is why I support and urge my col-leagues to support H. Con. Res. 88. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that the following exchange of letters be submitted on H.R. 4909: 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 2, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. This legislation con-tains subject matter within the jurisdiction of the House Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legislation, the committee waives consideration of the bill. The House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs takes this action only with the under-standing that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. The committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of H.R. 4909 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, J
EFFMILLER , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. J
EFFMILLER , Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 29, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, which contains substantial matter that falls within the Rule X legisla-tive jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. I appreciate the cooperation that al-lowed us to work out mutually agreeable text on numerous matters prior to your markup. Based on that cooperation and our associ-ated understandings, the Foreign Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.001 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE746 May 19, 2016 
Committee will not seek a sequential refer-ral or object to floor consideration of the bill text approved at your Committee markup. This decision in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdictional interests of the Foreign Affairs Committee in this bill, any subse-quent amendments, or similar legislation. I request your support for the appointment of House Foreign Affairs conferees during any House-Senate conference on this legislation. Finally, I respectfully request that you in-clude this letter and your response in your committee report on the bill and in the Con-gressional Record during consideration of H.R. 4909 on the House floor. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE  Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON  I
NTELLIGENCE , HOUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES , May 2, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to you concerning H.R. 4909, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, which contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence (‘‘the Committee’’). The Committee recognizes the need for pro-ceeding expeditiously to floor consideration of this important bill. Therefore, I do not in-tend to request a sequential referral. This waiver is conditional on our mutual understanding that my decision to forego Committee consideration of this legislation does not diminish or otherwise affect any fu-ture claim over the matters in the bill which fall within the Committee’s jurisdiction, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging the Committee’s jurisdic-tional interest will be placed into the com-mittee report on H.R. 4909 and into the Con-gressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. I also intend to seek appointment of Com-mittee members to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and request your support if such a request is made. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this and other matters be-tween our respective committees. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, be-cause it fails to support our troops serving overseas. The House Armed Services Com-mittee reported a bill that uses a budget gim-mick to circumvent funding caps Congress passed into law on a bipartisan basis, and by doing so it not only undermines the budget process, it puts our troops at risk. The bill cuts $18 billion from what our military commanders say is needed to support our troops overseas, and shifts those funds into the base defense budget to purchase billions of dollars of weap-on systems the Defense Department did not even request. Consequently, the bill provides only enough funding for the troops deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq through April, 2017. This would then force Congress to pass an emer-gency supplemental to ensure that troops who are serving in harm’s way have the resources they need for the remainder of the year. We shouldn’t gamble with the troops we send off to battle. They deserve predictable support for the entire year as they execute their missions, particularly in view of the dangers they face. Representative E
LLISON offered an amend-ment to undo part of this gimmick. His amend-ment cuts $9.4 billion of Overseas Contin-gency Operations (OCO) funds the bill shifted to procurement for weapons DoD didn’t ask for and puts it back into operations and main-tenance, where DoD requested it for overseas operations. I supported the amendment be-cause it puts the troops first. It gives them the certainty they need while they carry out their missions. It is also what our military com-manders say they need. Unfortunately, that amendment did not pass. As the Ranking Member of the House Budg-et Committee, I also have worked hard to de-fend the integrity of the budget process and to end the abuse of the OCO designation to cir-cumvent budget caps. I offered a bipartisan amendment with Representative MULVANEY  that attempts to help reduce this abuse in the future. The amendment codifies criteria devel-oped by OMB to clarify when military spending should be designated as contingency oper-ations. To provide the necessary resources for a strong military and vital domestic invest-ments, it is imperative our budget process be transparent and deliberative. Using budget gimmicks perpetuates bad decisions, in-creases debt by obfuscating spending, and in this case, puts the troops at risk. This NDAA once again abdicates Congres-sional responsibility to revise and update the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF). The 2001 AUMF has been used to conduct a broad range of military operations across the world for the past fifteen years. Rather than act to narrowly target that author-ity to meet our current operational and na-tional security requirements, Congress has continued to provide the Executive with a blank check to deploy American ground troops in many places in the Middle East and else-where around the globe. Representative L
EE offered an amendment to force Congress to meet its constitutional obligations regarding its war powers. While I do not believe we should totally eliminate all authorities under the 2001 AUMF, I do believe we need to dramatically reduce its scope and end the grant of blank check authority to the Executive. The NDAA should focus only on soldiers and their needs. However, Republicans have used it as a vehicle to insert inflammatory and non-germane amendments. It includes an amendment that reverses the President’s Ex-ecutive Order that prevents federal contractors from discriminating against LGBT employees. It removes environmental protections, impedes development of alternative fuel sources to de-crease our dependence on foreign fuel, and it prevents the closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. I applaud certain measures such as the 2.1 percent pay raise for armed services, research to combat the opioid epidemic that is impact-ing our veterans, increased funding to combat veteran homelessness, and expanding the pa-rental leave policy for active duty service members. I remain committed to fighting for these important issues but I cannot support the unacceptable budget gimmicks and policy riders in the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I vote nay. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL ROCKY McPHERSON 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of retired Marine Colonel Rocky McPherson, who is retiring after 50 years of service to our na-tion and the state of Florida. Upon graduating from the United States Naval Academy in 1966, Rocky was commis-sioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.004 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE747 May 19, 2016 
States Marine Corps and began his military career with a ground combat tour in Vietnam. After one year as an infantry officer he transitioned into the aviation community and is the only Marine officer with both ground and aviation combat tours during the Vietnam War. During Rocky’s continued military service, he commanded the Marine All Weather Attack Squadron 121 aboard the USS Ranger, the Marine Air Training Support Group at Whidbey Island, Washington, and served as the Chief of Staff, III Marine Expeditionary Force in Oki-nawa, Japan. His final assignment before retir-ing from the Marine Corps was at Marine Corps Headquarters as the Deputy Director, Manpower Division. Rocky then served as the Executive Director of the Florida Department of Veterans’ Affairs, where he oversaw the most significant expan-sion of state veterans’ nursing homes in dec-ades, led department efforts to support Flor-ida’s returning severely wounded service members, and spearheaded plans to design and build the Florida World War II Memorial and monument—a replica of the larger monu-ment located here in Washington, D.C. His personal and professional dedication to im-proving services for Florida’s veterans has made a tremendous and lasting impact on the lives of over 1.5 million veterans and their family members in Florida. Most recently, Rocky has used his talents to advance the mission of Enterprise Florida, a public-private partnership between Florida’s business and government leaders that aims to encourage economic development in the state of Florida. As the organization’s Vice Presi-dent for Military and Defense Programs, Rocky has worked to protect, preserve, and improve Florida’s military installations, as well as the communities surrounding those bases. Rocky’s unparalleled experience and knowl-edge of military and defense issues have made him both a leader at the national level and an invaluable resource for Governors, State Legislators, and local defense commu-nity leaders across the state. Mr. Speaker, I thank Colonel Rocky McPherson for the duty and honor he has consistently displayed throughout his 17 years of outstanding service to the state of Florida. We are truly better off because of his hard work, and I wish Rocky, his wife of 34 years Connie, their children Ashley, Nathan and Courtney, and their grandson, Jack all the best in the years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RABBI RICHARD LITVAK 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of one of the most joyous and remarkable leaders that I have met in my 40 years of elective office. Rabbi Richard Litvak will retire this summer after 40 years of leadership at Temple Beth El in Aptos, Cali-fornia. In those years he has touched thou-sands of lives, nurturing their spiritual lives, counseling them in times of grief, bringing smiles in times of joy, and as a licensed family counselor, maybe even saving a few mar-riages. With the exception of my father, the late Fred Farr, there is no man who I admire more for his exuberant humanity and tran-scendent love for all those around him. Born in St. Joseph, Missouri, Rick grew up in a close-knit family whose social life cen-tered around their own community’s syna-gogue. In high school, he joined a Jewish youth group and a Mitzvah Corps program. That grounding in Reform Judaism encour-aged his involvement in interfaith dialogue and Jewish social justice activism. This back-ground led Rick to study at Hebrew Union Col-lege in Cincinnati, Ohio. He holds an MA in Hebrew Arts and Letters and is a rabbinic member of the Chesky Institute for Judaism and Psychotherapy. Rick first came to Temple Beth El in 1975— the same year I was sworn in as a Monterey County Supervisor—as a student rabbi, and then in 1977 became its first full time rabbi. Under his leadership, the Temple community grew steadily, from 50 families to over 500 today. He added religious programs, Jewish adult education courses, expanded religious school curriculums, a preschool, and commu-nity center activities. Rick also helped lead the development and 1990 opening of the current Temple site. In the broader community, Rick has built a towering reputation for leadership and peace building. He elevated social action and inter-faith understanding to a central calling for the Temple Beth El community; supporting its leadership in the ‘‘Out in Our Faith’’ movement locally and nationally. People throughout Santa Cruz County and the Monterey Bay Area appreciate Rick for the faith, leadership, and joy that he brings to many social justice causes. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole House in thanking Rick for his years of serv-ice. The world is an immeasurably better place for having Rick among its people. I want to say what a pleasure it has been to work with him these many years. He is such an amazing leader. So much so, that once I heard that he planned to retire, I felt compelled to follow his example and announce my own retirement from elective office. I wish Rick, his amazing wife Nancy, and their daughters Jessica and Gwen, all the best. Shalom, my friend. f 
IN MEMORY OF APOSTLE WILLIAM T. BROADOUS 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is with pro-found sadness that I rise to honor the life of a much loved community and spiritual leader, Apostle William T. Broadous, who passed away on Tuesday, May 3, 2016, at the age of 71. Apostle William T. Broadous was born on December 1, 1944 in Portland, Oregon to Dr. Hillery T. and Rosa L. Broadous, who founded Calvary Baptist Church in Pacoima in 1955. Apostle Broadous overcame challenges throughout his life, defying the odds, going on to found schools, lead missionary trips to Afri-ca, and be a voice for the community. Apostle Broadous continued the strong fam-ily tradition of social justice, service and com-mitment to Pacoima and the San Fernando Valley. He was a strong supporter of community empowerment programs such as the San Fer-nando Valley Chapter of the NAACP and the Boys and Girls Club, as well as the Alicia Broadous-Duncan Senior Center in Pacoima. After going to school at Bishop College in Dallas, TX, and spending nine years as the Pastor of New Bethel Baptist Church and di-rector of several community centers, Apostle Broadous returned to the Valley. Upon his return, he joined his father at Cal-vary Baptist Church and embraced his new role as Pastor after his father’s passing in 1982. Apostle Broadous dedicated his life to his community and his congregation, preaching at Calvary Baptist Church up until the day of his passing. Apostle Broadous will be sorely missed in the San Fernando Valley. He is survived by his wife, Pastor Gloria L. Broadous, his chil-dren, grandchildren, great grandchildren, and siblings, nieces and nephews. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Apostle William T. Broadous. Although Apostle Broadous is no longer with us in person, his legacy will con-tinue for generations to come. f 
HOUSING FOR HOMELESS STUDENTS ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, today, along with fellow Members of Congress, E
RIK P
AULSEN , KEITH ELLISON , and D AVEREICHERT , I am introducing bipartisan legislation to im-prove the Low Income Housing Tax Credit to ensure low-income families do not have to choose between stable, affordable housing and education. The Low Income Housing Tax Credit is a highly successful tool for financing affordable housing and one of the premier examples of the government leveraging its resources in order to maximize outcomes through public- private partnerships. Unfortunately, a well-in-tentioned limitation called the ‘‘student rule’’ currently forces some of the most in-need to choose between housing and education. The ‘‘student rule’’ was designed to prohibit Low Income Housing Tax Credit funds from being used to construct dormitories and to prevent college students, who often have tem-porarily low incomes, from utilizing resources meant for individuals and families with more serious and longer-term housing needs. Unfor-tunately, there are no exceptions for those who want to pursue full-time education and are truly in need of housing assistance. Because of this, students may lose access to Low Income Housing Tax Credit-funded housing units if they go to school full-time. Al-ternatively, if they choose to attend school part-time in order to keep their LIHTC housing eligibility, these students may lose access to grants, loans, and scholarships that are limited to full-time students. The unintended outcome of the ‘‘student rule’’ is to hold back truly low- income individuals trying to obtain an edu-cation. Our legislation adds two exceptions to the student rule; for formerly homeless youth and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.001 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE748 May 19, 2016 
for formerly homeless veterans. Both of these populations are vulnerable to a return to homelessness. Ensuring they can go to school while maintaining access to affordable housing can help prevent this regression and promote financial independence. These small changes can provide immeas-urable help and I hope all of my colleagues will join me in passing this legislation. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NAPSEC ON 45 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the National Asso-ciation of Private Special Education Centers (NAPSEC) for their 45 years of excellent serv-ice and academic dedication to our country’s individuals with disabilities. NAPSEC’s edu-cational therapeutic services, combined with over four decades of experience, are invalu-able to the education community across the United States and to the many partners in my home state of New Jersey. Established in 1971, NAPSEC represents private specialized education programs includ-ing early intervention services, school pro-grams, residential therapeutic centers, and college experience and adult living programs for individuals with disabilities and their fami-lies. The majority of NAPSEC’s member pro-grams provide services to publicly placed stu-dents with disabilities through the Continuum of Alternative Placements and Services re-quired by the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (IDEA). Originally enacted into law in 1975, IDEA is the primary federal statute governing special education for children from birth through age 21 and guaranteeing the rights of children with disabilities to a free pub-lic education that suits their needs. Nationwide, 6.6 million students with disabil-ities are ensured of and receive an education because of IDEA. While many of these chil-dren are successfully integrated into public schools and typical classrooms, IDEA requires that a variety of options are available to meet the individual needs of disabled students. Of these students, 3.4 percent are served in pri-vate specialized day and/or residential pro-grams. NAPSEC member programs meet a vital need for individuals who are not able to thrive in a typical classroom environment, ac-knowledging each individual’s unique experi-ence, because every child has the right to an education that empowers them to succeed. NAPSEC’s hundreds of affiliates bridge the gap and offer much needed services to pub-lically and privately placed individuals. In addi-tion to K–12 education, these services also in-clude early intervention services for infants and toddlers. As co-chair of the Coalition on Autism Research and Education (CARE), I’ve seen firsthand the impact that early interven-tion makes in successful outcomes for children and applaud this attention to early interven-tion. Additionally, NAPSEC programs provide postsecondary college experience and adult living programs that serve individuals who have aged out of their school based supports and are no longer eligible for services under IDEA. As 50,000 individuals with autism, and many more with other disabilities, age out of their education based supports every year, supports and services for these individuals are critically necessary in ensuring that young adults with disabilities can successfully transi-tion into the next phase of their lives. Their services needs do not end when they turn 21. NAPSEC programs improve educational outcomes for people with disabilities and em-power them to achieve their full potential and make meaningful contributions to society. When individuals with disabilities are empow-ered to achieve, we all benefit. I remain impressed by the quality of care and expertise NAPSEC’s partners provide to America’s students with disabilities, including those with autism. Again, I offer NAPSEC my sincerest congratulations and gratitude for their 45 years of service to the disabilities community and look forward to NAPSEC’s continued progress in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL VOLUN-TEER FIRE COUNCIL (NVFC) 
HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the National Volunteer Fire Council (NVFC). This important organization represents the interests of volunteer fire, EMS and rescue workers, who make up approximately 69 per-cent of the nation’s fire service. As co-chair-man of the Congressional Fire Services Cau-cus, I am proud to work with the National Vol-unteer Fire Council to advocate for the inter-ests of these brave men and women who vol-unteer their time and risk their lives for our communities. The NVFC has been a powerful voice for the volunteer firefighter, EMT and rescue serv-ice. Since the Council began, fire death rate per million population declined by 70 percent and on-duty firefighter fatalities have dropped by half. The Council’s efforts to promote safety and fire prevention are also noteworthy. The number of fire calls per year is less than half of what it was in 1980. In the last few decades, we have learned more about the additional grave dangers that firefighters face, including cancer, PTSD, vehi-cle crashes, and heart events. I will continue to work with the NVFC to advocate for the health and safety of the volunteer fire service community. The National Volunteer Fire Council has come a long way since its founding in 1976 and I know it will continue to serve its mem-bership and the greater community well for many years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICKIE AND ED ELWOOD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Vickie and Ed Elwood of Griswold, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on April 10, 2016. Ed and Vickie’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. It is because of Iowans like them that I’m proud to represent our great state. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them on this momentous occasion. f 
HONORING SETH TOWERY ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Carl Junction High School student Seth Towery, of Joplin, Missouri, on his being ac-cepted as a delegate to the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders by the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Towery who qualify for this in-credibly selective honor exemplify top-tier dili-gence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Seth Towery has displayed the ability to not only excel in the classroom, but to balance his interests in science and medi-cine with his athletic endeavors. I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating him for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Sev-enth Congressional District, I wish Seth the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MEN AND WOMEN WHO SERVE IN LAW EN-FORCEMENT 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, today, during National Police Week, I rise to recognize the brave men and women who serve in law enforcement. Since 1962, this week has been reserved to commemorate the law enforcement officers who serve and protect our communities and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.004 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE749 May 19, 2016 
honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. Every day, our cities and towns are kept safe by these individuals who put the safety of others before their own. I want to take this time to recognize a few of the 13th District’s finest: Officer Michael Bauer in Collinsville, Illinois, just recently pulled a man out of a burning building before firefighters were able to arrive. Officers Jonathan McCauley and Aaron Rowe in Normal, Illinois saved the life of a young man after a tragic swimming accident. Disregarding their own safety, these officers took swift action to save the life of a stranger. And Chief Deputy Bruce Engeling in my hometown of Taylorville was awarded Officer of the Year for his outstanding service and his commitment to the Christian County Sheriff’s Department. While these are just a few examples of the outstanding officers in my district, police offi-cers and their families throughout our nation make sacrifices on a daily basis. I am incred-ibly thankful to all of the men and women in blue who dedicate their lives to protecting oth-ers. I know our communities are in good hands thanks to the work they do each and every day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY LOU AND MERLIN KRAUS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Mary Lou and Merlin Kraus of Anita, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 60th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on April 24, 1956 at the Mt. Carmel Catholic Church in Mt. Carmel, Iowa. Mary Lou and Merlin’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Debbie, Donna, Darlene, Mike, Annette, and the late Barbara, thirteen grandchildren and one great- grandchild, truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories and continued hope for the future. I salute this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
65TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TWIN RIVERS REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Twin Rivers Re-gional Medical Center on celebrating their 65th anniversary serving the healthcare needs of Kennett, Dunklin County, and the surrounding areas. The hospital opened its doors and admitted its first patient on May 21, 1951 under the name Dunklin County Memorial Hospital. Since then, it has been renamed and grown into a fully licensed, 116-bed facility that offers an extensive range of services including inpa-tient and outpatient, medical, surgical, obstet-ric, behavioral health, diagnostic and emer-gency care as well as primary care and family care clinics. The medical center provides a full con-tinuum of care to patients through a dedicated team of physicians, nurses, and staff. Every year, the hospital serves approximately 50,000 patients from six different counties. This in-cludes the 15,000 Medicare beneficiaries and 20,000 Medicaid beneficiaries that are also served by the medical center. Throughout its years of service, the hospital has remained dedicated to exceeding patient expectations while delivering compassionate, safe, quality care. Therefore, it is my privilege and honor to recognize the Twin Rivers Re-gional Medical Center on celebrating their 65th anniversary before the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives. f 
ZIKA RESPONSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 18, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition of H.R. 5243, the Zika Re-sponse Appropriations Act of 2016. It is a tepid response to an alarming public health crisis, only providing a small fraction of the amount requested by President Obama and public health experts. The Zika virus poses a severe threat to Americans, especially pregnant women. It has been linked to the birth defect microcephaly, and even death. As we approach the summer months, the prevalence of mosquitoes in our backyards will increase, and more and more Americans will become exposed to the virus. We must provide sufficient emergency funding to contain the spread and develop a vaccine for this virus. Unfortunately, today’s bill would only provide approximately $622 million to fight Zika, less than one-third of what public health experts like those at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) say is needed. Making mat-ters worse, this bill offsets the cost of fighting Zika by taking vital resources away from ad-dressing other public health crises. Additionally, House Republicans have con-tinued their attack on women’s access to health care in this bill by incorporating restric-tions on abortion coverage. It is shameful that anti-choice Members have used the urgency of the Zika virus to limit access to a woman’s constitutionally affirmed right to choose. It is dangerous to pretend that Congress has addressed this crisis. That illusion creates a false sense of comfort. For these reasons I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and demand appropriate funding to guard Americans from this public health crisis. STAFFORD HIGH TRACK & FIELD TEAM RUNS TO TITLE HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Stafford High School Boys Track & Field Team from Stafford, TX for win-ning the University Interscholastic League (UIL) Class 4A 2016 State championship in Track & Field. Despite some inclement weather and dif-ficult opponents, the Stafford Spartan Boys Track & Field Team brought home the school’s first state title since 1992. The team won the championship by defeating 57 other schools. The effort was led by impressive per-formances in the 100 meter dash (1st), the 4x200 relay (2nd), the 4x100 relay (4th), the 110 hurdles (1st), and the High Jump (3rd). We are proud of what these young men were able to accomplish and are excited to see what lies ahead for them. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Stafford High School Boys Track & Field Team for all of their success at the UIL State Championships. Keep up the great work. 
f 
HONORING HANNAH STANSBURY ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Neosho High School student Hannah Stansbury on her being accepted as a dele-gate to the Congress of Future Medical Lead-ers by the National Academy of Future Physi-cians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Stansbury who qualify for this in-credibly selective honor exemplify top-tier dili-gence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, as a perennial Honor Roll stu-dent at her high school, Hannah Stansbury has displayed elite academic qualifications, which will undoubtedly serve her future aspira-tions well. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District, I wish Hannah the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.008 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE750 May 19, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO MARGUERITE GOWIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marguerite Gowin of Adel, Iowa, on the celebration of her 100th birthday. She has had an illustrious career, serving as the Dallas County Recorder from 1957–78. She and her husband, Kenneth owned a hard-ware store in Adel throughout their married life. In her later years, she is known for being a woman of high fashion—always seen wear-ing artistic jewelry, stylish clothing and topping it off with an infectious laugh and wide smile. Our world has changed immensely during the course of Marguerite’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the intemet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Gowin has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-one Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ms. Gowin in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Marguerite Gowin for reaching this incredible milestone and in wish-ing her nothing but the best. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to a personal matter, I was unable to attend votes on May 16, 2016. I would have sup-ported final passage of the following bills: Roll Call Number 194 (H.R. 4743: National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016—on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass as Amended). Roll Call Number 195 (H.R. 4407: Counter-terrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016—on Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended). 
f 
RECOGNIZING 160TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAIRVIEW BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Fairview Baptist Church, and the 160 years of spiritual guidance and service to the community of Town Bluff. It is with great joy that we celebrate the 160th anniversary of the Fairview Baptist Church. The Fairview Baptist Church opened in 1856 with just about 40 parishioners under the Reverend J. G. Masterson. It is in these early days that the Church also served as a schoolhouse for the children of Town Bluff. Fairview Baptist continued to expand into new buildings over the years, with the present building having broken ground in 1968. Brother Scott Loar continues to preside over a growing church and vibrant congregation. May God continue to bless the Fairview Bap-tist Church and the entire congregation. f 
HONORING JENNY STARR THUERAUF ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MED-ICAL SCIENTISTS AS A DELE-GATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FU-TURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor McAuley Catholic High School student Starr Thuerauf, of Joplin, Missouri, on her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Thuerauf who qualify for this in-credibly selective honor exemplify top-tier dili-gence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Starr Thuerauf will undoubt-edly represent Missouri with distinction during her time as a delegate to this Congress. She has not only shown a strong academic capa-bility during her time at school, but is also a well-rounded individual with a deep interest in the medical field. I would like to extend my personal congratulations for her achievement, and on behalf of the 7th District of Missouri, wish Starr the best of luck in all her future en-deavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS AND DESIGNATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NONPROFIT ORGANIZA-TION RECOGNITION MONTH’’ 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a resolution recognizing the impor-tance of nonprofit organizations and desig-nating September 2016 as ‘‘Nonprofit Organi-zation Recognition Month.’’ I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my friend and colleague, Congressman TOM ROONEY for again introducing this resolution with me this year. Nonprofit organizations have made many important contributions to our nation. Over the past decade, the number of nonprofits has risen steadily, and there are approximately 1.4 million of them now operating in the United States. These groups work to improve our schools. They work to protect our environ-ment. They work to keep us and our neigh-bors around the world healthy. Each of them work to enact meaningful change in our world and to improve human lives. Many nonprofits support science and re-search that will have a significant impact on future generations. Others advocate for vulner-able populations across the globe—for refu-gees, for the homeless, and for our nation’s veterans. They educate and teach, and they engage each of our constituencies on issues that matter most. The nonprofit sector is vital to the economic security of the United States. In fact, the growth rate of the nonprofit sector has sur-passed the rate of both the business and gov-ernment sector. Just a few years ago, in 2010, nonprofits added nearly $780 billion to our na-tional GDP and employed 1 in 10 working Americans. Today, nonprofits contribute nearly $1 trillion to the United States economy annu-ally. In addition, these organizations facilitate charitable giving and community activism, and the combined donations and volunteer hours of individuals to nonprofits are worth billions of dollars annually. But perhaps most importantly, nonprofit or-ganizations are founded and managed by peo-ple trying to make the world a better place. Whether they are abroad or at home, the work that these men and women do is incredibly meaningful. Without the people behind these organizations—working tirelessly to change the world, sometimes just one life at a time— the nonprofit sector would not be the force that it has become today. Mr. Speaker, nonprofit organizations advo-cate for solutions to some of the great chal-lenges facing our nation and the world, and they deserve to be recognized for their valu-able contributions to society. No matter their focus, nonprofits play a pivotal role in shaping the future of America. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and to join me in des-ignating September 2016 as ‘‘Nonprofit Orga-nization Recognition Month.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAROLYN AND MICK MILLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Carolyn and Mick Miller of New Market, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on April 10, 1966. Mick and Carolyn’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. It is because of Iowans like them that I’m proud to represent our great state. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:24 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.014 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE751 May 19, 2016 
know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 241, THE ACCESS ACT 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I was pleased to have had the opportunity to testify today at the U.S. House Judiciary Committee, Sub-committee on Constitution and Civil Justice Hearing, ‘‘Examining Legislation to Promote the Effective Enforcement of the ADA’s Public Accommodation Provisions.’’ As you know, the Americans with Disabil-ities Act is undoubtedly one of the most impor-tant pieces of civil rights legislation. We can all agree that providing all Americans with access to public accommodations is an invaluable leg-islative objective. The purpose of the ADA is to ensure access for the disabled to public accommodation and provide appropriate remedial action for those who have suffered harm as a result of non-compliance. Although there are times when litigation by harmed individuals is necessary, there are an increasing number of lawsuits brought under the ADA that are based upon a desire to achieve financial settlements rather than to achieve the appropriate modifications for access. These lawsuits filed by serial liti-gants, often referred to as ‘‘drive-by lawsuits,’’ place exorbitant legal fees on small busi-nesses, and often times business owners are unaware of the specific nature of the allega-tions brought against them. In early 2011, frivolous ADA lawsuits against small businesses reached an all-time high throughout California, and as a result, my good friend and colleague, former Congress-man Dan Lungren (R–CA), championed the issue and introduced the original ACCESS Act (H.R. 3356) in the 112th Congress. I was pleased to have been afforded the opportunity to take over the legislation for reintroduction beginning in the 113th Congress. In January 2015, I reintroduced the legislation as H.R. 241, the ACCESS Act (ADA Compliance for Customer Entry to Stores and Services). H.R. 241 is a cost-free and commonsense piece of legislation that would alleviate the fi-nancial burden small businesses are facing, while still fulfilling the purpose of the ADA. Any person aggrieved by a violation of the ADA would provide the owner or operator with a written notice of the violation, specific enough to allow such owner or operator to identify the barrier to their access. Within 60 days the owner or operator would be required to pro-vide the aggrieved person with a description outlining improvements that would be made to address the barrier. The owner or operator would then have 120 days to make the im-provement. The failure to meet any of these conditions would allow the lawsuit to go for-ward. I think we can all agree that we must ensure that individuals with disabilities are afforded the same access and opportunities as those without disabilities. Frivolous lawsuits do not accomplish this goal. Allowing small business owners and cities alike to fix ADA violations within 120 days, rather than waiting for lengthy legal battles to play out, is a more thoughtful, timely, and reasonable approach. While the ADA is a national law, California has become ground zero for ADA violation lawsuits. In fact, California is home to more federal disability lawsuits than the next four states combined. A 2014 report determined that since 2005, more than 10,000 federal ADA lawsuits had been filed in the five states with the highest disabled populations; 7,188 of which were filed in California. Violating the ADA in California carries a minimum $4,000 penalty in addition to the plaintiffs legal fees. As of 2014, according to the U.S. Census Bu-reau, 31 individuals made up at least 56 per-cent of federal disability lawsuits in California. As was mentioned during the second panel of today’s hearing, California has 12 percent of the nation’s disabled population, but accounts for over 40 percent of ADA lawsuits. Those figures and the real life toll it takes on small business owners, are why I introduced this legislation to allow for a ‘‘fix-it’’ period. However, it is clear that this is not just a major problem in California. The introduction, in November 2015, of similar legislation by the gentleman from Texas, Representative T
ED P
OE, shows just that. His legislation authorizes a training and education component for the af-fected community and Certified Access Spe-cialists, which I would welcome and embrace as an amendment to my bill. This is also a bipartisan issue supported by states. I was pleased to see that California SB 269 passed unanimously in the State Assem-bly and Senate, and was signed into law by Governor Jerry Brown on May 10th, 2016. SB 269 was authored by a friend of mine, Demo-cratic State Senator, Gen. Richard Roth. The legislation is similar to the ACCESS Act in that it allows businesses to take immediate steps to become accessible by providing them with 120 days, from receipt of a Certified Access Specialist report, to resolve any identified vio-lations without being subject to litigation costs or statutory penalties. I worry that with Cali-fornia acting to curb these lawsuits, some of these serial litigants will try their trade in other states. Without question, the ACCESS Act will en-sure that the ADA is used for its true purpose of guaranteed accessibility to public accom-modations for all Americans while eliminating abusive, costly and unnecessary lawsuits for small business owners. It is more important than ever that the House of Representatives act to move this vital piece of legislation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on Monday May 16, my return to Washington, D.C. was unavoidably delayed. As a result, I missed two recorded votes. On Roll Call Vote Number 194, H.R. 4743— National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consor-tium Act; On Roll Call Vote Number 195, H.R. 4407— Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act; Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. THE IMPORTANCE OF OUR TECHNICAL COLLEGES HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, yesterday, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, under the leadership of Chairman J
OHN KLINE held a hearing on the importance of reauthorizing the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act. This Act provides individuals with the nec-essary academic and technical tools to suc-ceed in this skills-based jobs market. We should support our career and technical col-leges that improve the lives of many hard-working Americans. In South Carolina, we have sixteen remark-able technical colleges that have been suc-cessful in helping to create jobs throughout the state and particularly the Second Congres-sional District. Apprenticeship Carolina has been successful in creating more than 15,000 apprentices to date, partnering with busi-nesses such as Michelin and Continental. Thank you to their Director Brad Neese and the South Carolina technical college presi-dents. A special congratulations to Dr. Forest Mahan, who was selected to be the fifth presi-dent of Aiken Technical College on Monday. Godspeed President Susan Winsor. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE SUNSHINE CLUB 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sunshine Club for their 61st year of fellowship, service and support in central Iowa. The Sunshine Club was founded in 1955 by three residents of the Morrisburg area, south of Panora, Iowa. The club’s membership today has 22 members of various ages who reside in the areas of Panora, Stuart, Menlo, Dexter, Redfield and Casey. Its threefold purpose of service to their community, socializing and en-joying life is what brings them together. Club members now say that faith, friendship and food has kept the group together this long. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Sunshine Club for making their communities in central Iowa a better place to live by their acts of service. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating the Sunshine Club and wishing them nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.019 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE752 May 19, 2016 
HONORING JENNY KAYLIN HUNZICKER ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MED-ICAL SCIENTISTS AS A DELE-GATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FU-TURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Hollister High School student Kaylin Hunzicker, of Neosho, Missouri, on her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders by the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Hunzicker who qualify for this in-credibly selective honor exemplify top-tier dili-gence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Kaylin Hunzicker has not only demonstrated that she is qualified to represent Missouri through her strong academic per-formance, but has also displayed a true pas-sion for medical science and medicine that will serve her well in future endeavors. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Sev-enth Congressional District, I wish Kaylin the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE HONORING THE 55TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE FREEDOM RIDERS WHO BRAZENLY DESEG-REGATED INTERSTATE TRAVEL 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to acknowledge the Freedom Rides Museum in Montgomery, Alabama in its commemoration of the 55th anniversary of the Freedom Riders—the brave civil rights activ-ists who peacefully fought against the uncon-stitutional public transportation segregation in the deep South in 1961. On May 14, 1961, Freedom Riders arrived in Anniston, Alabama on a Greyhound bus. They were met by an angry mob of nearly 200 white people who surrounded the bus and caused the driver to pass the bus stop. They were followed by the angry mob until the bus tires blew out which is when a bomb was thrown into the bus filled with peaceful civil rights activists. Barely escaping with their lives, the Freedom Riders watched the bus burst into flames and were then brutally beat-en by members of the surrounding mob. A second bus traveled to Birmingham, Ala-bama. Those Freedom Riders were also met by angry mobs and were savagely beaten, some by metal pipes. The Birmingham Public Safety Commissioner at the time stated that he knew the Freedom Riders would be met with violence but posted no police protection because it was a holiday—Mother’s Day. On May 20, 1961, it was the Montgomery, Alabama city line where the Govenor-ap-pointed Highway Patrol abandoned the Free-dom Riders they were charged to escort into the city. Their nonviolence was met with orga-nized brutality of the worst kind. At the historic Montgomery Greyhound Station, the Freedom Riders were attacked as they exited by Jim Crow enthusiasts, beaten within inches of their lives by bats and iron pipes. Many riders were left for dead in the streets. Ambulances re-fused to transport the wounded to hospitals. Some members of the community stepped in, and tried to rescue the lives of those who dared challenge the unconstitutional Jim Crow laws of the South. It is my great honor to represent the 7th Congressional District—an area that is rich with the history of the young activists who de-fied systemic oppression, fought for the rights of others and asked for nothing except rec-ognition as humans in return. These individ-uals continue to inspire me and the work I do day after day. In commemoration of the 55th anniversary, I want to recognize the Freedom Riders who risked their reputations and lives for the hu-manity of others. This diverse group of young people believed in persistence for obtaining equality and justice for all people and inspired millions to take a stand for their own beliefs of equity. The Freedom Riders made a daring choice in 1961—to fight against segregation and oppression in an innovative way that changed the course of American history for-ever. The valiant efforts of Freedom Riders such as Charles Person, William Harbour, Cath-erine Burks-Brooks, Bernard Lafayette, Jr., Er-nest ‘‘Rip’’ Patton, Jr., Kwame Leo Lillard, Frances Wilson Canty, Allen Cason Jr., David Dennis, Larry Hunter, Alphonso Petway, Kredelle Petway, Betty Daniels Rosemond, Mary Jean Smith, Doratha Smith-Simmons, Willie Thomas, Jean Thompson, Joan C. Browning and Etta Simpson Ray led the charge to the ultimate desegregation of the bus system in Montgomery and the unification of a people to continue to fight for their rights. The Freedom Rides Museum in Mont-gomery, AL serves as a strong cornerstone in the narrative of the role of Alabama in the Civil Rights Movement. I want to thank the Ala-bama Historical Commission and its director Lisa Jones for their role in safeguarding Ala-bama’s historic buildings and sites such as the Freedom Rides Museum. A special thanks to the leadership of Museum director Dorothy Walker and the amazing supporting staff members of the Freedom Rides Museum for their efforts in honoring the past and pre-serving the present for future generations to learn. The Freedom Rides Museum could not have been what it is without support from community members as well such as Judge Myron Thompson who helped save the build-ing that is now the Museum as well as Johnnie Carr, former President of the Mont-gomery Improvement Association for all of her support as well as Louretta Wimberly of the Black Heritage Council. A special thanks to historian Dr. J. Mills Thornton who played a pivotal role in the creation of the Museum. The Freedom Riders are quintessential ex-amples of how change can happen when we work together and fearlessly stand for what is right. I give us all the charge to—like the Free-dom Riders, continue to battle against inequal-ity and stand strong by our great nation’s prin-ciples of democracy, liberty and justice for all. I ask my colleagues to join me in com-memorating the 55th Anniversary of the Free-dom Riders who in the summer of 1961 dared to make a difference and forever changed America for the better. f 
BREAKING THROUGH POWER: A HISTORIC CIVIC MOBILIZATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following. Ralph Nader is a resident of Connecticut’s First District, and has long been a champion for social justice, as well as a crusading consumer advocate who has had a lasting impact on consumer rights and the American political milieu. 
RALPH NADER PRESENTS —BREAKING THROUGH  P
OWER : A H ISTORIC CIVICMOBILIZATION  Celebrating the 50th anniversary year of Ralph Nader’s book Unsafe at Any Speed, the Center for Study of Responsive Law an-nounces four days of civic mobilization at Constitution Hall in Washington, D.C. on May 23, 24, 25 and 26, 2016. Unsafe at Any Speed unleashed fresh energies and sparked the creation of numerous advocacy organiza-tions leading to major consumer, environ-mental and worker safety protections. The theme of this citizen mobilization will be elaborating ways to break through power to secure long-overdue democratic solutions made possible by a new muscular civic nexus between local communities and Washington, D.C. On these four days, speakers will present innovative ideas and strategies designed to take existing civic groups to higher levels of effectiveness. The participants will be asked to support the creation of several new orga-nizations. One such group will work to open up the commercial media, which use the pub-lic airwaves free of charge, to serious con-tent. Another will facilitate action by re-tired military, national security and diplo-matic officials who want to deter unconsti-tutional and unlawful plunges into wars that lead to calamitous and costly blowbacks. This ‘‘Civic Mobilization’’ will involve thousands of people at Constitution Hall and around the country and connect long-avail-able knowledge to long-neglected action for the necessities and aspirations of people from all backgrounds. Many of the presen-tations will feature reforms and redirections for the common good enjoy Left/Right sup-port. Breaking Through Power: How it’s Done— May 23, 2016 will feature presentations by seventeen citizen advocacy groups. Over dec-ades these activists have produced amazing accomplishments against powerful odds. These civic leaders will demonstrate how, with modest budgets and stamina, they have improved the health, safety and economic well-being of the people and focused public opinion onto decision-makers and opponents. Through greater visibility, broader support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.024 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE753 May 19, 2016 
and wider emulation, they will present their future missions and show that it can be ‘‘easier than we think’’ to make major changes. For the first time ever, this diverse group of fighters for justice will be assem-bled together on stage at Constitution Hall and show that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts when fighting for a broader democratic society. The presenters will ap-praise what levels of citizen organization is necessary to fulfill these broadly-desired missions. Breaking Through Power: The Media—May 24, 2016, brings together also for the first time a large gathering of authors, documen-tary filmmakers, reporters, columnists, mu-sicians, poets and editorial cartoonists. All of these presenters have documented or de-picted entrenched wrongdoing by the cor-porate state or ‘‘crony capitalism’’—the cruel impacts of corporate crimes and abuses, the absence of governmental law en-forcement, and the harmful effects of con-centrated corporate power. The speakers all seek wider audiences for their works: more readers, viewers and lis-teners. Unfortunately the mass media barons prefer to wallow in incessant advertising, he-donistic entertainment, sports and mind- numbing redundancy. The result is what many observers see as the stupefaction of human intelligence. A major purpose of Day Two is the creation of a ‘‘Voices’’ advocacy organization that puts forces in motion to inject serious programming into the over- the-air and cable networks under a revital-ized Communications Act of 1934 and gen-erally champion a greater life of the mind on all media. Breaking Through Power: War—May 25, 2016 is dedicated to enhancing the waging of peace over the waging of war. We will assem-ble leading scholars having military and na-tional security backgrounds, veterans groups such as Veterans for Peace, and long-time peace advocacy associations, to explain how peace is more powerful than war. The speak-ers will address the horrors of war, its huge costs here and abroad to innocents and the weakening blowbacks of Empire amidst a collapse of constitutional and international law. One outcome of this day will be the es-tablishment of a Secretariat comprised of current and former top-level military, na-tional security and diplomatic officials who have spoken truth to reckless power. If orga-nized for quick responses, their credibility, experience and wisdom can resist and pre-vent the kind of prevaricating pressures and unilateral policies that drove the unlawful destruction of Iraq, Libya and beyond. Breaking Through Power: Congress—May 26, 2016 will unveil a new Civic Agenda to be advanced by engaged and enraged citizens in each Congressional district. The Civic Agen-da includes recognized necessities ignored by Congress for decades. The planks of this Civic Agenda will be presented by nation-ally-recognized advocates—a veritable brain trust for the well-being of present and future generations. Each speaker will present the substance of each demand, which will be con-veyed to their members of Congress via orga-nized ‘‘Citizen Summons’’ in each Congres-sional District. Revitalizing the people to as-sert their sovereignty under our Constitu-tion is critical to the kind of government, economy, environment and culture that will fulfill human possibilities and respect pos-terity. For more details on the week’s agendas, speakers and how you can attend and par-ticipate, visit breakingthroughpower.org. IN RECOGNITION OF MAUREEN RUSSELL 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Maureen Russell on her retirement after twenty-seven years of outstanding public service as a Victim Witness Advocate at the Norfolk District Attorney’s Office. Maureen launched her extraordinary career in the Special Victims Unit, where she worked with severely traumatized victims of sexual abuse and assault. Through her strength of character and compassion, she provided vic-tims and their families the tools necessary to navigate the complexities of the state court system, assist in prosecuting offenders, and, ultimately, begin to rebuild their lives. Maureen has most recently been serving her community as a Superior Court Advocate in the Norfolk Superior Court, where she advo-cates for families of victims of homicide and other serious crimes. Among numerous other families supported by Maureen is that of Jo-anna Mullin, a six-year-old tragically murdered by her cousin. As she has so often done, Maureen went above and beyond the call of duty in her advocacy for the Mullins, stead-fastly supporting the family as they traversed the arduous criminal justice process. Having assisted the Mullins family through the after-math of their tragedy and the processes of the court, she continues maintains a strong rela-tionship with the family to this day. It is this dedication and passion that is exemplary of quality victim advocacy. Throughout her years of service, Maureen has never strayed from her commitment to providing each and every victim in her com-munity the attention and care they deserve. Her experience in the criminal justice system and her professional and personal relation-ships with prosecutors, colleagues, law en-forcement officers, and other professionals has allowed Maureen to smooth an otherwise turbulent, uncertain, and difficult process for victims and their families. Our community is deeply grateful to Maureen for having been a person to trust and a shoulder to lean on dur-ing these victims’ most difficult times. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in honor of Maureen Russell, who embodies all of the best qualities of a Victim Advocate. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing this distin-guished public servant and in wishing her the best of luck in her future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NELLIE AND J.V. ‘‘SWEDE’’ SWANSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Swede and Nel-lie Swanson of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They were married on March 19, 1946 in Osborn, Kansas. Swede and Nellie’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. It is because of Iowans like them that I’m proud to represent our great state. I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them on this momentous occasion. f 
PASSAGE OF H.R. 5243 
HON. STACEY E. PLASKETT 
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, last night, this Congress passed a bill to allocate funding for resources to fight the spread of the Zika virus. This funding, however, is woefully insufficient. H.R. 5243 provides less than one-third of the White House request sent to Congress earlier this year. Additionally, this bill also completely ne-glects the immediate needs of the territories of Puerto Rico and my home district of the U.S. Virgin Islands, which are both on the front line of this public health crisis. Of the 1200 confirmed cases in the United States, more than half have been reported in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. While the Administration requested about $256 million in health care assistance to the territories, H.R. 5243 bill provides no targeted funding to the U.S. Territories. The House bill also cuts the request for re-search and development of vaccines, treat-ments, and diagnostics by $132 million or 28.4 percent. The lack of funding for these public health activities will put hundreds of thousands of pregnant women at risk. The lifetime cost of treating a child with microcephaly is estimated to be more than $10 million—a cost that will only exacerbate the financial woes of the terri-tories’ public health apparatus. Mr. Speaker, every day this Congress de-bates whether or not to protect women and unborn children from this virus, more cases are being reported and confirmed. Just last week, the first U.S. case of Zika- related microcephaly was identified in a preg-nancy in Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to con-tinue toward funding the President’s emer-gency request to fight the Zika virus. We need to eradicate this mosquito now. We cannot wait for June for more authorized funding. 
f 
HONORING BEAU LOYD ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSI-CIANS AND MEDICAL SCIENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CON-GRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joplin High School student Beau Loyd on his being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.026 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE754 May 19, 2016 
The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Loyd who qualify for this incred-ibly selective honor exemplify top-tier diligence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Beau Loyd has displayed the ability to not only excel in the classroom, but to balance his interests in science and medi-cine with his athletic endeavors as an athlete. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating him for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District, I wish Beau the best of luck in all his future en-deavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. RICHARD HERRICK 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize a truly outstanding constituent in the field of health care, Richard Herrick of Lenox, Massachusetts. Mr. Herrick has been selected this year as one of the recipients of the pres-tigious Joe Warner Patient Advocacy Award. The American Health Care Association/Na-tional Center for Assisted Living (AHCA/NCAL) bestows this annual award on Association members who have worked diligently to edu-cate Members of Congress about the needs of long term care patients and residents, and to advance quality in the long term and post- acute care community. Mr. Herrick’s commitment to improving long term care continues today as the President and CEO of the New York Health Facilities Association, Inc. (NYSHFA) and the New York State Center for Assisted Living, representing over 350 skilled nursing and assisted living fa-cilities. At the national level, Mr. Herrick serves on the Board of Governors of the American Health Care Association and on their Business Management Committee. He also serves as President of the Affiliated State Health Care Association Executives. Mr. Herrick is past member of AHCA’s Council of States and Board of Directors of the National Center for Assisted Living. AHCA/NCAL is the nation’s largest association of professional long term health providers. Prior to joining New York Health Facilities Association, Inc., Mr. Herrick spent seven years as President and COO of Wingate Health Care, Inc., which operates seven nurs-ing facilities in Massachusetts and three in New York. Mr. Herrick is active on the Boards of Berkshire Healthcare Systems which oper-ates 19 skilled nursing facilities and Berkshire Place located in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. He is the past chairman of the Board of the Mas-sachusetts Senior Care Association. The award presentation will take place dur-ing the AHCA/NCAL Congressional Briefing on May 23rd. Mr. Speaker, please join me in rec-ognizing and thanking Richard Herrick for his years of dedication and care to our nation’s frail, elderly and disabled. His career and life accomplishments truly reflect the ideals em-bodied in the Joe Warner Patient Advocacy Award. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARY SHIPP HARROW AND MARTHA SHIPP AVERETT 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and Happy Birthday wishes to Mrs. Mary Shipp Harrow and Mrs. Martha Shipp Averett, both of whom will celebrate their 100th birth-day on Saturday, July 2, 2016. On that special day, the sisters will be honored with a birthday celebration at the Columbus Georgia Conven-tion & Trade Center in Columbus, Georgia. The identical twins were born on July 2, 1916 in Cusseta, Georgia to the late Martha Walker Shipp and the late Quilbert Pinchback Shipp. They were raised in a Christian home where the twins were the oldest of eight chil-dren. From an early age, the sisters were ac-tive in their community and in their first church home, Harmony Baptist Church in Cusseta, Georgia. They completed their primary and secondary education in the Chattahoochee County School District. Mrs. Averett was married to the late Rev-erend Jessie Averett, Sr. and is the mother of six daughters: Geraldine Parris, Lucy Mae Baldwin, Essie Francis, Amanda Thornton, Ida Mae Boykins, and Martha Ann Patterson; and four sons: Jessie Averett, Jr., James Averett, Jeffrey Averett, and the late John Henry Averett. She has 21 grandchildren, 28 great- grandchildren, and 2 great-great-grand-children. Mrs. Averett remains in the Cusseta community and is a dedicated and faithful member of Saint Paul CME Church. Mrs. Harrow was married to the late Isaac Daniel Harrow, Sr. and is the mother of five daughters: Evelyn Gash, Christine Jones, Pauline Talley, Beverly Caldwell and Gerri Jones; and two sons: the late Isaac Harrow, Jr. and the late Marion Harrow. She is the grandmother of 21 grandchildren, 30 great- grandchildren, and 12 great-great-grand-children. Mrs. Harrow is a dedicated and faith-ful member of Galilee Baptist Church in Co-lumbus, Georgia. Mahatma Gandhi once said, ‘‘Where there is love there is life.’’ Mrs. Harrow and Mrs. Averett are a true testament that giving and receiving great love has resulted in long and prosperous lives. Their legacy is a love for God, a love for family, and a love for each other. The race of life isn’t given to the swift or to the strong, but to those who endure until the end. Mrs. Averett and Mrs. Harrow continue to run the race of life with grace and dignity and God has blessed them over their lifetimes. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring these devoted sisters, be-loved matriarchs, and outstanding women of faith, Mrs. Mary Shipp Harrow and Mrs. Mar-tha Shipp Averett, as they, their families and their community prepare to celebrate their 100th birthday. f 
TRIBUTE TO CASSIDY WAGNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cassidy Wagner for being named Southwest Iowa Re-gional Academic All-State Standout by the Des Moines Register. Cassidy is a senior at West Central Valley High School. Each year, the Des Moines Register editors ask Iowa high school officials to nominate sen-iors for this honor. They choose only those students that stand out among their peers for achievements in academics, community in-volvement and leadership. Cassidy exemplifies all that is right about Iowa’s well-rounded stu-dents. Mr. Speaker, Cassidy Wagner is an Iowan who has made her school and her community very proud. She has worked hard and dedi-cated herself to being a great student and a good citizen. It is with great honor that I recog-nize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in hon-oring Cassidy for this award and wish her con-tinued success in all her future endeavors. 
f 
MARSHALL HIGH SCHOOL TRACK STATE CHAMPIONS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Thurgood Marshall High School track and field team for winning the University Interscholastic League (UlL) 5A state track championship for the second year in a row. The Marshall Buffalos were led to victory by their coach Lloyd Banks. Their overall score of 52 points outperformed the competition by a substantial 16 points. Junior sprinter Shamon Ehiemua helped lead his team to success by defending his state title in the 200-meter dash with a time of 20.62 seconds. In addition to Ehiemua’s efforts, teammate John Isom placed fifth in the 400-meter dash with a time of 48.19 seconds. Teammates Cedarian Lynch, Ehiemua, Jarmaiz Whitaker and Isom were awarded a gold medal in the 4x100- meter relay with an astounding time of 40.13 seconds. Their win is even more impressive considering runner Jeremy Smith was recov-ering from a foot injury during the relay. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Fort Bend Marshall Track and Field Team for winning the 5A state track cham-pionship for the second time. Thank you for bringing this championship title back to Fort Bend County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.030 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE755 May 19, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted No on Roll Call No. 222. 
f 
THE LANTOS FOUNDATION FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND JUSTICE’S SOLIDARITY SABBATH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Lantos Foundation’s second Solidarity Sabbath, which highlights the de-plorable human rights violations committed by the People’s Republic of China against its citi-zens who simply wish to openly and sincerely practice their respective faiths. Many of us will attend worship services in the coming days and we will do so without fear of arrest, torture, or forced re-education. I hope that those of us attending services this weekend will take time to meditate and pray on the importance of religious freedom here at home and around the world. The human spirit is remarkably resilient. This resiliency is un-doubtedly strengthened through religious faith and practice and cannot and will not be extin-guished through the draconian state action we see taking place in China. Indeed, as I am sure the Chinese government is realizing, its draconian tactics to suppress and intimidate the religious faithful do not diminish the num-bers of those seeking to practice their faith but rather multiplies their number exponentially. Sadly, there are myriad cases of people of faith being harassed, intimidated, and arrested today in China. Indeed, Protestant, Catholic, Tibetan Buddhist, Uyghur Muslim, Falun Gong, and other religious minorities face such a reality every day. A recent survey of reli-gious intimidation in China noted that Chinese officials oversaw the demolition of over thirty churches, the removal of more than four hun-dred crosses from houses of worship, and the detention of over three hundred worshipers with half of these people suffering injuries sus-tained during their arrests. It should be noted that this paints a picture for just one province in China; there are many similar stories across China where those seeking to simply practice their respective faiths are consistently har-assed, detained, and injured for exercising a basic human right. While we must certainly lend our support to the religious faithful in China as they strive to exercise their basic human right to worship where, when and what they so desire, we must also applaud and support the brave human rights lawyers in China who champion the rights of the religious faithful in the face of unthinkable intimidation as practiced by the Chinese government. These brave men and women have provided rule of law training to church members throughout China. Indeed, this past year these lawyers were able to con-duct over one hundred trainings for over one hundred thousand religious practitioners. This has resulted in these practitioners filing impor-tant administrative lawsuits against the gov-ernment in an effort to quell the Chinese gov-ernment’s acts of religious persecution. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the Lantos Founda-tion for its inspired work to bring light to the plight of the religious faithful in China. I will this weekend, as I always have and will con-tinue to do, stand in solidarity with my brothers and sisters of faith in China. Their right to practice their religion is a fundamental right and it must be protected. f 
HONORING JENNY SHUNYAKOVA ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Laurel Springs High School student Jenny Shunyakova, of Springfield, Missouri, on her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Shunyakova who qualify for this incredibly selective honor exemplify top-tier diligence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Jenny Shunyakova has not only excelled in her academic studies, but also shown a persistent interest in biology and other fields related to medical professions that will serve her future aspirations well. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Sev-enth Congressional District, I wish Jenny the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EVELYN AND JIM WHIPPLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Evelyn and Jim Whipple of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on April 22. They were married in 1951. Evelyn and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. It is because of Iowans like them that I’m proud to represent our great state. I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them on this momentous occasion. f 
BOYS & GIRLS CLUB OF THE MS GULF COAST 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Boys & Girls Club of the Mississippi Gulf Coast on the occasion of their 50th Anni-versary. In serving the citizens of Mississippi’s Fourth Congressional District, I am proud to meet people of all kinds, especially young people who have their hopes and dreams still ahead of them. As part of their daily routine, they must decide what actions they will take that day which will, in turn, affect their future. The Boys & Girls Club of the Gulf Coast plays a vital role in shining a ray of hope into the lives of young people who may not see a bright future ahead of themselves. Originally named the Biloxi Boys Club, the organization began in 1966, with the help of the Biloxi Jaycees, to serve 15 young men. Today, there are over 1,700 registered mem-bers, five locations, and a daily attendance of approximately 800 young men and women of the Gulf Coast region. It is our responsibility, as a community, to invest in the lives of our future leaders. The Boys & Girls Club of the Gulf Coast strives to develop productive, responsible, and caring citizens. The organization leads our community’s ef-forts to improve academic success, healthy lifestyles, and good character in our young men and women. This is accomplished by of-fering our young people a safe and supportive place to go and by providing them with quality programs to teach responsibility, positive char-acter development, sports, and academic progress, among other important aspects of leadership. The Boys & Girls Club of the Gulf Coast is a valuable asset for our Coast children. Once again, I commend the Boys & Girls Club of the Gulf Coast as they mark the 50th anniversary of improving young lives along the Mississippi Gulf Coast. 
f 
HONORING U.S. ARMY SERGEANT MICAH WELINTUKONIS UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished military service of Army Sergeant Micah Welintukonis of Cov-entry, Connecticut who will retire on May 19, 2016 after 16 years and 5 months of active duty. Sgt Welintukonis’ record reads like a his-tory book of U.S. military action over the last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.035 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE756 May 19, 2016 
22 years. He served in Kosovo during his first stint of active duty in the 1990s. Later, as a member of the Connecticut National Guard he deployed to Iraq for Operation Iraqi Freedom, then served in Afghanistan where he was se-verely injured by a suicide bomb attack in 2012. During that time, he rose through the ranks to Sergeant and accumulated an im-pressive array of awards and medals, includ-ing the Purple Heart, Army Commendation with Valor, Combat Medic Badge, Expert In-fantry Badge, Commanding Generals Certifi-cate of Merit, and the Coast Guard and United States Marine Corps Certificates of Apprecia-tion. At the time of his injury, he was a medic, certified at the highest levels and performed many life-saving missions with skill and care for the men and women he served with. The first time I met Sgt. Welintukonis was under extraordinary circumstances. He had just arrived at Walter Reed Hospital in Be-thesda, Maryland where he had flown in from Landstuhl Hospital in Germany, still suffering in agonizing pain from his life threatening ab-dominal injury. His amazing wife, Camilla, was at his bedside comforting him, but it was clear that his condition was very critical. Even though he was not aware of my presence, I had the opportunity to witness his incredible inner strength and ferocious will to live that carried him through that dark hour and a long and difficult recovery. With the support of his wife and family, Micah is healthy and ready to start a new chapter of his life. Wherever he and his family go, one thing is sure. Micah will be a passionate advocate for American veterans and for a strong national defense. I know that because my email inbox has been bursting with messages, articles, and suggestions—sometimes sent in the mid-dle of the night—about improving services for those who wear the uniform of our country. Today, he is active in veterans’ service organi-zations such as the Connecticut American Le-gion, Special Operations Wounded Warriors, and as the Director of InTheLineOfDuty, a vol-unteer-run charity for First Responders. In addition to that formal involvement he has organized fund raiser walk-a-thons, school vis-its, and national veterans media events to generate funds and awareness of the chal-lenges America’s veterans, in particular wounded veterans, confront every day. America has been, and still is, lucky to have the tenacious, spirited, (sometimes a little grouchy) and high-quality contributions of Sgt. Micah Welintukonis over the last 22 years. Please join me in thanking him, his wife Camilla, and their children for all they have done for our nation and wish them well in all their future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MR. E. DALE WORTHAM 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor the memory of a distinguished labor leader: Mr. E. Dale Wortham. Throughout Mr. Wortham’s life, he held a variety of positions, including President of the Harris County Labor Assembly for over 20 years, Vice President/Organizer of Local 716, and as delegate at many national and state conventions. In these positions, he was on the front lines in the fight for a living wage and fair working conditions. Mr. Wortham was not only a notable labor leader, but also served on the Harris County Board of Managers for the Harris Health Sys-tem, earning the distinction of the body’s long-est-serving labor representative. Mr. Wortham will be especially remembered for his passion for helping people through the political proc-ess, especially working people. Mr. Speaker, I am blessed to say farewell to a dear friend who is gone but not forgotten. He will be missed dearly by a multitude of family and friends. This family includes his children, Stephen Dale Wortham and Melinda Wortham; his sisters, Becky Rogers (George), Leslie Broussard (Jimmy), and Lisa Persky (Ronnie); as well as his brother, Jason Krieg. f 
TRIBUTE TO JANIS AND RUSTY CREVELING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Janis and Rusty Creveling of Manchester, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on March 17, 1966. Rusty and Janis’ lifelong commitment to each other, their children Ronda, Brian, and Holly, and their grandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary may their commitment grow even stronger, and continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENT UNITED STATES NAVY SEAL PETTY OF-FICER 2ND CLASS MICHAEL A. MONSOOR 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise on this coming Memorial Day in memory and in grati-tude to all of the magnificent heroes like Petty Officer 2nd Class Michael A. Monsoor. The ones who gave that last full measure in the name of freedom for their country and broth-ers in Arms. On April the 8th 2008, Michael was posthumously presented the Medal of Honor by President Bush at the White House for sacrificing himself by jumping on a grenade on September 29, 2006 for his fellow SEALs. On this Memorial Day let our thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family and all of those who have given their lives throughout the years in the name of freedom. I submit this poem penned in his honor by Albert C. Caswell. THATLASTFULLMEASURE  All in that moment between Life and Death When, who lives or dies no less When, courage comes to crest As comes That Measure That God-like Test That Last Full Measure Just All Until, none lies left As one of America’s Best Right between Life and Death When, who lives or dies So all upon us so rests The greatest of all tests As to one’s soul expressed When comes That Last Full Measure Of which now so Blesses As when one looks into that Face of Death And so valiantly vanquishes Evil’s Quest As When Come’s, That Last Full Measure That Golden Test All in that moment which lies As all in ones soul comprised Which, brings such tears to the Angels eyes Up On High All In That Last Full Measure As they watch and cry At this American Treasure At The Greatest Gift of All As how one’s Life is Measured To hear that most solemn call Of Love and Devotion, and Sacrifice All in that moment of selflessness as so real-ized To do what is right To carry that night All in That Last Full Measure All in that fight With your gift The Greatest of All The one that our Lord so Treasure’s Is but that ‘‘That Last Full Measure’’ A SEAL Of HONOR The One who so endeavored In that Gift Michael you so gave All in that most splendid treasure Michael, the Lives you so saved Perhaps, one day a child will come Who too all of us among Will bless our world to come This one With such gifts of love you’ve begun A Cure For Cancer For our world’s problems finding the answers Or maybe too, as you ‘‘That Last Full Measure’’ And from all of this perhaps will come such Treasures From all of this such happiness begun And yet such sadness for all of your love ones That we can not so Measure Take heart, as one day you will all be together again All in Heaven’s Sun embracing then Because of you Michael For what you’ve done And your most magnificent endeavor In what you gave America’s Son All in, That Last Full Measure In the moment of truth, how you behaved my son As to our Lord’s heart, you’ve brought such pleasure SEAL, your new battle has now begun Mount Up As Thy Will Be Done As it’s time to run In the Army of Our Lord, as you are now one An Angel An Angel on high Michael 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.040 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE757 May 19, 2016 
And oh how your power’s have increased As you watch over us in this battle to be won In life, moments are all we have Minutes to hearts to grab To Decisions Make To Fight for The Good Or The Bad If it’s up in Heaven we wish to wake Today, We Stand With, Tear In Eye Understanding all the reason’s why But, Where Your Honor Lies All because of you, Michael and your Sacrifice and That Last Full Measure f 
HONORING REBECCA PRICHARD ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Branson High School student Rebecca Prichard on her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Prichard who qualify for this in-credibly selective honor exemplify top-tier dili-gence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Rebecca Prichard is not only an excellent student, but a well-rounded indi-vidual who is just as passionate about the medical field as she is about cheerleading. Rebecca will no doubt excel in her role as a delegate to this Congress and I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating her for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Sev-enth Congressional District, I wish Rebecca the best of luck in all her future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT ANDREW K. DICKINSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 19, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Andrew K. Dickinson of Council Bluffs, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Andrew is a member of Boy Scout Troop 23. Troop 23 has been associated with Our Savior’s Lu-theran Church in Council Bluffs for over 50 years. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Approximately 2 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Scout Project to benefit the community. For Andrew’s Eagle Scout Project he provided 22 slab-topped benches for a pit area at Camp of Good Shep-herd in Louisville, Nebraska. Andrew assisted in the milling of the slabs and coordinated the construction with members of several Webelos Scout packs. The work ethic Andrew has shown in his Eagle Scout Project and every other project leading up to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes about his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and as-sisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Andrew and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives will join me in con-gratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.043 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D550 Thursday, May 19, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 2577, Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3003–S3037 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and two reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2952–2964, and S. Con. Res. 38–39.
                                  Page S3030–31 
Measures Reported: S. 2955, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–258) S. 2956, making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. (S. Rept. No. 114–259) S. Res. 469, commemorating the 100th anniver-sary of the 1916 Easter Rising, a seminal moment in the journey of Ireland to independence. S. 2942, to extend certain privileges and immuni-ties to the Gulf Cooperation Council.
             Page S3030 
Measures Passed: Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act: By 89 yeas to 8 nays (Vote No. 82), Senate passed H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, after taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3004–19 
Adopted: Collins (for Blunt) Amendment No. 3946 (to Amendment No. 3900), to require the periodic sub-mission of spending plan updates to the Committee on Appropriations.
                                     Pages S3004, S3007 
By 68 yeas to 30 nays (Vote No. 77), McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), Zika response and prepared-ness.
                                                                          Pages S3007–08 By 87 yeas to 9 nays (Vote No. 80), Collins Amendment No. 3970 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a final rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
                                                       Pages S3015–17 
Collins (for Rubio) Amendment No. 4050 (to Amendment No. 3896), to make temporary reloca-tion assistance available for tenants in project-based section 8 properties with imminent health and safety risks.
                                                                         Pages S3017–18 
Collins (for Baldwin) Modified Amendment No. 4026 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit certain health care providers from providing non-Depart-ment health care services to veterans.
     Pages S3017–18 
Collins Amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Pages S3004–18 
Rejected: McConnell (for Lee) Amendment No. 3897 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (By 60 yeas to 37 nays (Vote No. 81), Senate tabled the amendment.) 
                                                         Pages S3004, S3005–06, S3017 
Withdrawn: McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus.
                                                               Page S3004 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Modified Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), making emer-gency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
                               Page S3004 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 70 yeas to 28 nays (Vote No. 76), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D551 May 19, 2016 
(listed above). Subsequently, the point of order against all of the emergency designations contained in the amendment was not sustained. 
                                                   Pages S3004, S3006–07, S3007–08 
By 88 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. 78), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on Collins Amendment No. 3896 (listed above).
                                                  Page S3008 
By 84 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 79), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions with respect to McCain/Blumenthal Amend-ment No. 4039 (to Amendment No. 3896), to ex-tend and expand eligibility for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to establish consistent criteria and standards relating to the use of amounts under the Medical Commu-nity Care account of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Subsequently, the point of order against the emergency designation found on page 3, lines 7 through 12, of the amendment was not sustained. 
                                                         Pages S3004. S3007, S3008–09 
Chair sustained a point of order that McCain/ Blumenthal Amendment No. 4039 (to Amendment No. 3896) (listed above), was not germane, and the amendment thus fell.
                                               Page S3010 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                             Page S3018 
100th Anniversary of the 1916 Easter Rising: Senate agreed to S. Res. 469, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1916 Easter Rising, a sem-inal moment in the journey of Ireland to independ-ence.
                                                                                 Page S3036 
Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 4:30 p.m., on Monday, May 23, 2016, Senate begin consideration of S. 2613, to reau-thorize certain programs established by the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, and that there be one hour of debate, equally divided in the usual form; provided further, that the Grassley amendment be agreed to, the committee-reported substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, and Senate vote on passage of S. 2613, as amended, with no intervening action or debate.
             Page S3036 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Ysaye M. Barnwell, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2022. Rena Bitter, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Lao People’s Democratic Republic. Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Burundi. Sung Y. Kim, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Philippines. Geoffrey R. Pyatt, of California, to be Ambassador to Greece. Douglas Alan Silliman, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Iraq. Marie L. Yovanovitch, of Connecticut, to be Am-bassador to Ukraine. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. A routine list in the Foreign Service.                                                                                     Pages S3036–37 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3024–29 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3029–30 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3030 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3031–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3032–34 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3023 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3034–35 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3036 
Record Votes: Seven record votes were taken today. (Total—82)
                                        Pages S3007–09, S3017–18 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:21 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, May 23, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3036.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FARM CREDIT SYSTEM Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Farm Credit System, focusing on the outlook of the current economic climate, after receiving testi-mony from Kenneth A. Spearman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Dallas P. Tonsager, and Jeff Hall, both a Board Member, all of the Farm Credit Administration; Gus Barker, Community Bank of Oelwein, Oelwein, Iowa, on behalf of the Independent Community Bankers of America; Doug Stark, Farm Credit Services of America/Frontier Farm Credit, Omaha, Nebraska, on behalf of the Farm Credit System; Jed Welder, Trinity Farms, Greenville, Michigan; and Leonard Wolfe, United Bank and Trust, Marysville, Kansas, on behalf of the American Bankers Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD552 May 19, 2016 
APPROPRIATIONS: AGRICULTURE, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION, AND LEGISLATIVE BRANCH Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 2956) making appropriations for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017; and An original bill (S. 2955) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. ACCESS TO CAPITAL AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Invest-ment concluded a hearing to examine improving communities’ and businesses’ access to capital and economic development, including S. 1802, to protect the investment choices of American investors, H.R. 3868, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to remove certain restrictions on the ability of business development companies to own securities of investment advisers and certain financial companies, to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business development companies, to di-rect the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise certain rules relating to business development companies, and H.R. 4620, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt certain commercial real estate loans from risk retention requirements, after receiving testimony from Ron G. Crane, Idaho State Treasurer, Boise; and Michael J. Arougheti, Ares Capital Corporation, on behalf of the Small Business Investor Alliance, Stephen W. Hall, Better Markets, Inc., and Drew Fung, Commercial Real Es-tate Finance Council, all of Washington, D.C. OCS OIL AND GAS LEASING PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s 2017–2022 OCS Oil and Gas Leasing Program, after receiving testimony from Abigail Ross Hopper, Director, Bureau of Ocean En-ergy Management, Department of the Interior; Mayor John Hopson, Jr., Wainwright, Alaska; Don-ald F. Boesch, University of Maryland Center for En-vironmental Sciences, Cambridge; James H. Knapp, University of South Carolina School of the Earth, Ocean, and Environment, Columbia; Athan Manuel, Sierra Club, Washington, D.C.; and Joseph R. Mason, Louisiana State University E.J. Ourso College of Business, Baton Rouge. TREATIES Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the international Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture, adopted by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations on November 3, 2001, and signed by the United States on November 1, 2002 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc.110–19), and the Con-vention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the ‘‘Convention’’), done at The Hague on July 5, 2006, and signed by the United States on that same day (Treaty Doc.112–06), after receiving testimony from Judith G. Garber, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Sci-entific Affairs, and John J. Kim, Assistant Legal Ad-viser for Private International Law, Office of the Legal Adviser, both of the Department of State; John Schoenecker, HM.CLAUSE, Davis, California, on be-half of the American Seed Trade Association; and Edwin E. Smith, Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 2942, to extend certain privileges and immuni-ties to the Gulf Cooperation Council; S. Res. 469, commemorating the 100th anniver-sary of the 1916 Easter Rising, a seminal moment in the journey of Ireland to independence; and Routine lists in the Foreign Service. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Ronald G. Russell, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Inga S. Bernstein, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Massachusetts, Steph-anie A. Gallagher, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and Suzanne Mitchell, and Scott L. Palk, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. ADMINISTRATION’S IMMIGRATION POLICIES Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and the National Interest concluded a hear-ing to examine the Administration’s immigration policies, after receiving testimony from Thomas Homan, Executive Associate Director, Enforcement and Removal Operations, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and Ronald Vitiello, Acting Chief, Border Patrol, Customs and Border Protection, both of the Department of Homeland Security; Brandon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D553 May 19, 2016 
Judd, National Border Patrol Council, Malta, Mon-tana; and Mark Krikorian, Center for Immigration Studies, and Alex Nowrasteh, Cato Institute, both of Washington, D.C. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5282–5292, 5294–5302; and 1 reso-lution, H. Res. 741, were introduced.
    Pages H2879–80 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2881 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4894, to repeal title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (H. Rept. 114–574, Part 1); H.R. 496, to establish the Alabama Hills Na-tional Scenic Area in the State of California, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–575); H.R. 4680, to prepare the National Park Service for its Centennial in 2016 and for a second century of promoting and protecting the natural, historic, and cultural resources of our National Parks for the enjoyment of present and future generations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–576, Part 1); and H.R. 5293, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–577).
                                                                      Page H2879 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H2847, H2867 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017: The House passed H.R. 4974, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, by a yea-and-nay vote of 295 yeas to 129 nays, Roll No. 228. Consideration began yesterday, May 18th.
                         Pages H2849–67 
Agreed to the engrossment and third reading of the bill by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 227.
                                                              Page H2866 
Agreed to: Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds for the Veterans Experience Office;
          Pages H2850–51 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds to carry out the memorandum from the Veterans Benefit Administration known as Fast Letter 13–10 or to prohibit the use of funds to create or maintain any patient record-keeping system other than those approved by the Department of Veterans Affairs Central Office;                                                             Page H2851 
Mica amendment (No. 7 printed in the Congres-sional Record of May 18, 2016) that increase fund-ing for Veterans Health Administration-Medical Services by $10 million;
                                Pages H2851–52 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds to be used in contravention of sections 575.106 or 575.206 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; 
                                                                                    Pages H2852–53 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of funds to be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of subchapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code;
                       Pages H2855–57 
Gibson amendment that prohibits the use of funds to be used to enforce VA Adjudication Procedure Manual M21–1, Part IV, Subpart ii, Chapter 1, Sec-tion H, Topic 28.h related to Developing Claims Based on Service Aboard Ships Offshore the RVN; 
                                                                                            Page H2857 
Blumenauer amendment (No. 3 printed in the Congressional Record of May 17, 2016) that was de-bated on May 18th that prohibits the use of funds to implement, administer, or enforce any Veterans Health Administration Directive relating to the pro-hibition on VA providers from completing forms seeking recommendations on opinions regarding a Veteran’s participation in a state marijuana program (by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 221);
                                                               Pages H2861–62 
Fleming amendment that was debated on May 18th that prohibits the use of funds to modify a military installation in the United States, including construction or modification of a facility on a mili-tary installation, to produce housing for unaccom-panied alien children (by a recorded vote of 219 ayes to 202 noes, Roll No. 222); and
               Pages H2862–63 
Huffman amendment that was debated on May 18th that prohibits the use of funds to implement section 8(d)(2) of the Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration Directive 3220 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD554 May 19, 2016 
November 22, 2005 (by a recorded vote of 265 ayes to 159 noes with 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 223).
                                                                                 Page H2863 
Rejected: Mulvaney amendment that was debated on May 18th that sought to strike Overseas Contingency Operations, Military Construction, Army (by a re-corded vote of 52 ayes to 372 noes, Roll No. 217); 
                                                                                            Page H2859 
Mulvaney amendment that was debated on May 18th that sought to strike Overseas Contingency Operations, Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (by a recorded vote of 51 ayes to 371 noes, Roll No. 218);
                                                    Pages H2859–60 
Mulvaney amendment that was debated on May 18th that sought to strike Overseas Contingency Operations, Military Construction, Air Force (by a recorded vote of 56 ayes to 363 noes, Roll No. 219); 
                                                                                    Pages H2860–61 
Mulvaney amendment that was debated on May 18th that sought to strike Overseas Contingency Operations, Military Construction, Defense-Wide (by a recorded vote of 64 ayes to 360 noes, Roll No. 220);
                                                                                 Page H2861 
Gosar amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds to implement, administer, or enforce the ex-ception in clause (iii) of section 1.218(a)(8) of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations (by a recorded vote of 200 ayes to 225 noes, Roll No. 224); 
                                                                Pages H2853–54, H2863–64 
Perry amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds to be used to implement or enforce Execu-tive Order 13502 (by a recorded vote of 209 ayes to 216 noes, Roll No. 225); and 
                                                                Pages H2854–55, H2864–65 
Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) amendment that sought to prohibit the use of funds to be used in contravention of Executive Order no. 13672 of July 21, 2014 (‘‘Further Amendments to Executive Order 11478, Equal Employment Opportunity in the Fed-eral Government, and Executive Order 11246, Equal Employment Opportunity’’) (by a recorded vote of 212 ayes to 213 noes, Roll No. 226). 
                                                                      Pages H2857–59, H2865 
Withdrawn: Heck (WA) amendment that was offered and sub-sequently withdrawn that would have designated holes 10 through 18 at the golf course at American Lake Veterans Hospital on a portion of Joint Base Lewis-McChord, which were designed by Jack Nicklaus on a pro bono basis, as the ‘‘Nicklaus Nine’’; and
                                                                    Page H2849 
Gibson amendment that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds by the Department of Veterans Affairs to preclude the territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam from inclusion in the meaning of the Re-public of Vietnam under the Agent Orange Act of 1991 and the amendments made by that Act.                                                                                     Pages H2849–50 
H. Res. 736, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4974) and (H.R. 5243) was agreed to yesterday, May 18th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 23rd for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H2871 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H2869. Senate Referral: S. 1635 was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs.
                                     Page H2877 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and eleven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H2859, H2859–60, H2860–61, H2861, H2861–62, H2862–63, H2863, H2863–64. H2864–65, H2865, H2866, and H2867. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:42 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining H.R. 3299, Strengthening Public Health Response Act’’. Testimony was heard from Colonel Russell Coleman, Joint Program Manager, Medical Countermeasures Systems, Department of Defense; Richard Hatchett, M.D., Acting Director, Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority, Department of Health and Human Services; and Michael Mair, Di-rector of Strategic Operations, Office of Counterter-rorism and Emerging Threats, Food and Drug Ad-ministration. SETTLING THE QUESTION: DID BANK SETTLEMENT AGREEMENTS SUBVERT CONGRESSIONAL APPROPRIATIONS POWERS? Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Settling the Question: Did Bank Settlement Agree-ments Subvert Congressional Appropriations Pow-ers?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D555 May 19, 2016 
EXAMINING LEGISLATION TO PROMOTE THE EFFECTIVE ENFORCEMENT OF THE ADA’S PUBLIC ACCOMMODATION PROVISIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Legislation to Promote the Effective En-forcement of the ADA’s Public Accommodation Pro-visions’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Poe of Texas and Calvert and public witnesses. EXAMINING DEFICIENCIES IN TRANSPARENCY AT THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Deficiencies in Transparency at the De-partment of the Interior’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HELP WANTED: SMALL BUSINESS PROVIDING OPPORTUNITIES FOR ALL Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Help Wanted: Small Business Pro-viding Opportunities for All’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MAY 23, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-ing on the Open Skies Treaty, focusing on managing Russia’s request to upgrade sensors, 5:30 p.m., SVC–217. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 897, the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015’’; Senate amendment to H.R. 2576, the ‘‘TSCA Moderniza-tion Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 5055, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD556 May 19, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 4:30 p.m.), Sen-ate will begin consideration of S. 2613, Adam Walsh Re-authorization Act, with a vote on passage of the bill, as amended, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, May 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E750 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E754 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E751 Carter, John R., Tex., E750 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E747 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E745 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E755 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E748 Farr, Sam, Calif., E747 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E751 Green, Al, Tex., E756 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E750, E755 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E745 Keating, William R., Mass., E753 King, Peter T., N.Y., E748 Larson, John B., Conn., E752 Long, Billy, Mo., E748, E749, E750, E752, E753, E755, E757 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E747 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E754 Olson, Pete, Tex., E749, E754 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E755 Plaskett, Stacey E., Virgin Islands, E753 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E746 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E756 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E752, E755 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E748 Smith, Jason, Mo., E749 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E745 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E746, E749 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E751 Young, David, Iowa, E748, E749, E750, E750, E751, E753, E754, E755, E756, E757 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:19 May 20, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19MY6.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST